===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. We've also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Megan Patterson. Ma'am please go ahead.
Megan Patterson: Thank you, Jamie, and welcome to ONEOK's first quarter 2025 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder for Q&A that we ask you to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On today's call is Walter Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Sheridan Swords, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also on the call are Kevin Burdick, the Executive Vice President Chief Enterprise Service Officer; and Randy Lentz, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Yesterday, we announced our first quarter results, highlighting the performance of our integrated systems and a disciplined growth strategy. These results were driven by our dedicated employees. Results for the quarter were in line with our first quarter expectations, and we affirmed our 2025 financial guidance and 2026 outlook, both of which were originally provided in late February. As we've exited the winter, volumes across our system have wrapped up significantly, providing momentum for additional growth through the remainder of the year. We're also entering what is typically our strongest two quarters for the refined products demand in the second and third quarters. We continue to execute on acquisition-related synergies, which combined with the completion of organic growth projects and the demand for our services will continue to support earnings growth throughout the remainder of the year and beyond. We're approaching full completion of several organic growth projects, including the West Texas NGL pipeline expansion out of the Permian Basin and the Elk Creek pipeline expansion out of the Rocky Mountain region. Additionally, a number of key synergy-related projects are nearing completion, which we expect will provide a tailwind to earnings for the second half of 2025 and into 2026. One of these projects is the connection of the Easton Energy NGL assets with our Gulf Coast infrastructure. Sheridan will talk more about the strategic benefits of our synergy projects during his commercial update. As we've entered the second quarter, we're gaining momentum into the back half of 2025 with volumes ramping up across our systems and many smaller scale, high-return synergy projects coming online. While there is much to be excited about at ONEOK, we also recognize that we're operating in an environment with a number of evolving macroeconomic market varies. We closely monitor a range of macroeconomic indicators, including commodity prices, producer activity, inflationary trends and regulatory developments, and we remain focused on navigating appropriately to shifts that could affect the markets that we serve. ONEOK business is completely immune to volatility. We believe that ONEOK is structured to perform through various cycles and is in a position to continue delivering value. First, on outlook is very different today than even two years ago. We've been intentional about adding scale, demand-pull markets, geographic diversification and fully integrating our systems. Our integrated and diversified footprint across multiple products and geographies positions us well to manage through periods of uncertainty. Second, we have a unique and attractive earnings catalyst related to acquisition synergies that are not tied directly to production volume growth. Some of these catalysts include bumming services, liquids blending, maximizing volumes from acquired systems through our downstream assets and capturing efficiencies on newly integrated assets. Third, our strategically positioned assets in some of the most productive U.S. shale basins. We're connected with some of the largest and most well-capitalized producers in the U.S. with decades of proven reserves to provide stable and growing supply to our systems. They make informed decisions, supported by data and experience. And finally, we remain committed to our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings, which provides significant financial flexibility. Our commitment to capital discipline and focus our return investments is embedded into our business strategy. So while we monitor near-term market dynamics closely, the strength of our businesses lie in our geographic diversity, integrated footprint, innovative employees and strong commercial relationships, all of which provide long-term value. I'll now turn it over to Walt and Sheridan to provide their financial and commercial updates. Walt?
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. First quarter 2025 net income attributable to ONEOK totaled $636 million or $1.04 per share. We reported first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $1.78 billion or $1.81 billion, excluding transaction costs, which is comparable to how we provided financial guidance. Results were driven primarily by a full quarter of adjusted EBITDA from EnLink and Medallion as well as higher year-over-year NGL and natural gas processing volumes in the Rocky Mountain region. These results were partially offset by the absence of earnings in 2025 from the Interstate pipeline assets divested on December 31, 2024. The proceeds of these sales were used to accelerate deleveraging of our balance sheet. The acquired EnLink and Medallion assets contributed nearly $450 million during the first quarter. As we progress on the integration of these businesses, we continue to identify and realize synergies with $250 million of total incremental synergies expected in 2025. We've added a new slide into our earnings presentation which was released yesterday along with first quarter results, Slide 5 in the deck. It shows the expected earnings power of our combined companies as compared with each company's stand-alone five-year planned prior to the closing of these acquisitions. Over the coming years, we anticipate our consolidated EBITDA will meaningfully outperform some of the individual company forecasts. This further growth is primarily driven by synergies and growth projects made possible by commercial alignment, operational efficiencies, scale and disciplined capital execution. When looking at this slide, it's important to recognize that 2024 results include earnings from the divested assets and years '25 forward exclude assets EBITDA and those assets EBITDA in the forecast. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to balance sheet strength, ending the quarter with no borrowings outstanding under our $3.5 billion facility and more than $140 million in cash. In March, we repaid $250 million of senior notes at maturity with cash on hand as we have with our last five maturities. And we continue to expect leverage to trend towards our target of 3.5x in 2026. Before I turn it over to Sheridan, I'd like to reiterate Pierce's comments on the current environment. From a financial perspective, we are constantly evaluating how external factors contribute to our results. Our 2025 financial guidance provided in late February, which we affirmed yesterday reflects what we believe is a balanced and realistic outlook given current market conditions. The first quarter was in line with our internal company forecast, and we expect that the combination of seasonal refined product demand, volume growth coming from the winter months, completed capital projects and additional synergies will increase our results in the coming quarters. In addition to these earning catalysts, we remain disciplined in our approach to capital allocation and cost management. If we were to see a prolonged or material shift in the economic environment, we would not hesitate to adjust our capital plans or re-prioritize investments to maintain our financial flexibility and our commitment to a strong balance sheet as we've previously demonstrated. I'll now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update.
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. Beginning with the Natural Gas Liquids segment. First quarter NGL volumes increased 4% year-over-year driven by a 15% increase in the Rocky Mountain region and an 8% increase in the Gulf Coast Permian volume. Rocky Mountain region volumes increased year-over-year, in line with our expectations. We continue to see volumes ramp up on our system as we've exited winter, and volumes are currently averaging nearly 480,000 barrels per day in April. In the Mid-Continent, seasonal weather combined with less ethane on our system during the quarter resulted in lower volumes. In April, we are averaging more than 540,000 barrels per day with warm weather, more ethane recovery and growth in Oklahoma. As a reminder, all EnLink NGL volumes from the Mid-Continent region was transported previously on our system prior to the acquisition. In the Gulf Coast Permian region, volumes increased year-over-year and compared with the fourth quarter 2024 of the 436,000 barrels per day of volume in the region during the quarter nearly 100,000 barrels per day was attributable to EnLink volume not previously counted on our system. Raw feed throughput in the region was impacted by winter weather during the quarter, particularly the extreme cold snap in February and lower levels that they recover. In April, Gulf Coast premium NGL volumes is averaging more than 500,000 barrels per day with improved weather, and we anticipate additional volumes to ramp up over the next few quarters from both ONEOK natural gas processing plants and third-party volume commitments on our system. We also continue to strategically pursue commercial synergies across our system, such as linking our Mont Belvieu and Conway NGL fractionation and storage infrastructure to our expansive Houston and Mid-Continent area refined product assets. These critical connections are expected to be completed in the second half of the year, increasing contributions from the future integration of these strategic systems. Expected NGL growth across our system supports our strategic Texas City LPG export joint venture. This wellhead-to-water strategy will provide customers us with a fully integrated solution for their products. Already today, we have more than enough propane on our system to fill our capacity on the dock, which is slated to be completed in early 2028. Moving on to the Refined Product and Crude segment. First quarter refined product volumes were nearly unchanged year-over-year highlighting the continued consistency of this business. With gasoline and diesel demand typically lower in the first quarter, we expect increased volumes in the coming months as we see higher demand from agriculture activity and summer travel season. We have already seen an increase in crude oil volumes on our system as a result of our adding gathering infrastructure. First quarter 2025 Midland crude gathered volumes were up more than 20% year-over-year, which includes both the EnLink and Medallion systems. We expect additional volumes to be directed to our long-haul pipeline throughout the year as we continue to fill gathering capacity and complete system connections. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Through recent acquisitions, we've extended our gathering and processing assets into the strategic and growing Permian Basin and added assets in the Mid-Con. We've added 1.7 Bcf per day of processing capacity in the Permian and more than doubled our processing capacity in the Mid-Continent. In the Permian Basin, we currently have 16 active rigs on our dedicated acreage. This activity level and the opportunities we see on the horizon are expected to fuel our existing processing capacity. In the Midland, we are relocating 150 million cubic feet per day plant from North Texas. And in the Delaware, we have expansion projects at existing processing facilities. These projects provide a path to growth as we take steps to develop additional infrastructure in both the Midland and Delaware Basins. We are excited about the long-term potential in this region and the opportunities that we've seen in the short time since closing the acquisition. In the Mid-Continent, both our legacy ONEOK and recently acquired assets performed well. As we now have had a quarter of operations with a much larger position in Oklahoma, we are confident in the opportunities we have to expand our services for customers and to capture synergies from operating as one integrated system. There are 14 rigs on our dedicated acreage in Oklahoma and a number of projects underway to connect and optimize these assets in the region. Mid-Continent region processing volumes are averaging more than 2.4 Bcf per day in April. Rocky Mountain region processing volumes averaged nearly 1.6 Bcf per day in the first quarter of 2025. slightly lower than the fourth quarter due to normal winter weather effects. As we enter spring, volumes have begun ramping with April volume averaging nearly 1.7 Bcf per day in the region. And the Williston Basin, there are 15 rigs on our dedicated acreage. Volume in this region continues to benefit from increasing efficiencies that expand the basin's core acreage and from longer laterals drilled. In 2025, we expect 3-mile laterals to make up more than 35% of our wells connected. When looking at producers across our operations, portfolios, and economics are unique to every operator and depend on many variables, and the basins where we operate, many of our customers are among the lowest cost operators in North America with breakevens below current price levels. Based on recent conversations, we are not seeing any meaningful shift in drilling or completion activity. In the Natural Gas Pipelines segment, our assets remain well positioned to benefit from increasing natural gas demand. We've been engaged in active negotiations across our system related to power demand for data centers in Oklahoma and Texas as well as LNG ammonia and in industrial demand along the Mississippi River Industrial corridor [ph]. Our Oklahoma and natural gas storage expansion project was recently completed and will be fully in service next month, adding an additional 4 Bcf of working storage capacity, which is 80% committed with third-party contracts. We are also underway on our Jefferson Island storage hub expansion project in Louisiana, which will increase storage capacity by approximately 8.5 Bcf and will complete -- be completed in two phases with the first expected in 2028 and the second in 2029. This project is fully subscribed by third-party commitments. Pierce, that concludes my remark.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Sheridan. As we close today's call, I want to acknowledge the dynamic environment we're operating in. Despite the external noise, long-term fundamentals of our business remain strong, and we're well positioned for continued growth. Ultimately, the strength of our integrated assets, our understanding of the markets we serve and our proven ability to adapt give us confidence in the durability of our outlook. What gives me additional confidence is our people. The dedication and innovation of our employees are the driving force behind everything that we accomplish. Their unwavering commitment to safety, innovation, and operational excellence continues to position ONEOK for long-term success. We remain focused on optimizing our existing assets, expanding strategically in high growth areas like the Permian Basin and leveraging our integrated footprint to meet the rising demand of midstream infrastructure here in the United States. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Pierce Norton: Good morning, Jeremy.
Walter Hulse: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for the color on the call today. I was wondering if you might be able to expand a little bit more on the synergies, and I guess the forward outlook. There's a lot of uncertainty in the market. But from what you see right now, for the balance of '25 not really just hitting the guide there, but really the commentary on 2026 appears unchanged as far as strong growth there. I'm just wondering if you could elaborate a bit more maybe on what you see there, synergy capture that gives you the confidence to stick with that at this point?
Pierce Norton: Well, I'll start here, and I'll let Sheridan and Will fill in. But with what we're looking at with the LNG exports, all the construction that's going on in the Gulf Coast, adding as much as 10 Bcf in the next five years with AI data centers increasing probably anywhere from 3 Bcf to 8 Bcf a day. We understand where those opportunities are, and many of them are in our areas. And so there's some drivers out there that are kind of outside some of the economics and the macroeconomics. So I think that the global demand for LNG and LPGs, we think is going to continue. And so far, everybody that we talk to hasn't given us any indication to materially deviate from that.
Sheridan Swords: Jeremy, the other thing I would add is a lot of our synergy projects are not dependent on volume. We have a lot of projects where we are becoming more efficient at blending normal butane and refined products as we connect our NGL infrastructure into our byproduct infrastructure, both in the Gulf Coast with our Easton acquisition and that coming on later this year and in the Mid-Continent. They're going to be driven by demand on the refined product system. And as we see volume, our prices go down on for crude oil and for other commodities, we actually see demand come up on the refined product systems. So that is independent of the price environment we continue to see. And then some of our synergies that we're looking at or synergies we're looking at like in the mid top and then gathering processing, there are efficiency synergies that we are going to get even at this volume. But what we're going to get it as we move gas to more efficient processing plants that produce more NGLs or and also in the Permian on our crude gathering systems, where we're going to be able to -- as we continue to fill that capacity, we'll be able to put more of that crude oil on our long-haul pipe snatch crude oil already on our system. So that's what gives us an any environment, any pricing environment, gives us confidence in what the synergies we have for.
Walter Hulse: Hey, Jeremy, the only thing I would add to that is that we do continue to see procurement opportunities, our increased buying is going to continue to give us opportunities to lower costs as we see contracts roll off for various services here over the course of the next several years. So we're focused on making sure that we capture those as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just shifting a little bit to producer conversations here. We've seen reports of producers asking for meaningful concessions for mid streamers and just wondering, I guess, how you're producer customer conversations go with regards to that? And I guess, could there be the potential for win-win solutions? Or just any color there would be great.
Pierce Norton: So I'll -- let me start with this one, too, Jeremy, and I'll throw it to Sheridan, but I've had the opportunity to have some discussions with mainly the other service providers that actually service the well drilling and the production completion. And when we talk to them, that's where I think the E&P companies are kind of focused on first, because those are more in line with what's going to happen immediately with drilling and in the completion of the wells. So I think that's probably one of their first focus areas, and then I'll let Sheridan kind of talk to you about re-contracting or whatever on these contracts.
Sheridan Swords: Jeremy, what I would say in any environment when our contracts come up with our producers, we are always looking for areas that we have win-win and that's the whole bundling aspect that we have touted in some of these synergy projects or what we going to bring another these other acquisitions and we're looking at where can we add value to them and where can they add value to us? It's a very constructive conversation. Those conversations that are going on right now are no different that have been going on for a period of time. And our indications from our customers as they still see value in what we bring to them in different areas, and they are looking for that to stretch across the whole value chain. So it's really -- it really fits into what we're trying to do with these acquisitions with our bundling strategy.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Doug Irwin: Hi, this is Doug Irwin on for Spiro. Maybe just to start with the LPG export project. Just curious if and how the potential for tariffs on LPGs has impacted your approach for commercializing this project moving forward?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. This is Sheridan. It has not really impacted our project at all or even our contracting approach. One thing you got to look at with LPG is, as we've said many times, it is a byproduct it needs to clear to the international market. It will make it happen. As you see even as prices have moved up and down or threats and you've seen our LPG exports be fairly steady for that period of time. Well, there's no increased demand in domestic growth. So all that has to be exported, and that product needs to clear to be able to continue to get the gas and the crude oil out of the basin. So we have not seen any impact to LPG exports or any change nor on our contract strategies.
Doug Irwin: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And my follow-up, maybe just on the macro environment. Just curious if we see crude to go into a steep contango here. How should we think about potential storage tailwinds across your system?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We have a lot of crude oil storage in -- across our system, and we would have into a contango market. We would have a great opportunity to be able to store that product in the front month to be able to sell it out forward. So yes, there would be -- on that aspect by itself, we would have some tailwinds with storage, if you went to a contango with our on-system storage.
Doug Irwin: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Theresa Chen from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. Well, I wanted to go back to your comments about protecting the balance sheet in the event of further macro deterioration. Would your CapEx plans in place for the near to medium term, how much can you flex down if things get worse?
Walter Hulse: Well, Theresa, I would say that we've lived at head scenario a couple of times over the last 10 years. Clearly, that was something that had to take place in 2020. And I think we demonstrated a very significant ability to flex our capital program. Clearly, your routine growth, which is often driven by producer activity will come off kind of naturally if activity slows, we won't be spending a portion. And that's about $1 billion of our annual capital that can be flexed. And then the longer term, larger projects. As in 2020, we actually put some of those on hold and then spend the money to do that properly so that as the market came back, we were able to restart those projects and meet our customer demand. We will look at across all of our projects, those that are critical to continuing to deliver on the plan will be executed in due course. So we look at everything today. We don't see it an environment where that's necessary. But we did want to highlight that we did it back in 2016. We did it in 2020. So if we see a macro outlook or global demand destruction. We're in a position to know how to manage the balance sheet and protect it as we've done in the past.
Theresa Chen: Thank you. And on the subject of synergies and the 2025 guidance, Sheridan, I know you gave a lot of very interesting color on why things are second half weighted and the different streams of income -- incremental earnings that will come to fruition. At this juncture, how much would you say is already underway now that we're through April? Or is there still a significant component that is still subject to execution either by one over by producers for the remainder of the year?
Sheridan Swords: What I would tell you is a substantial amount of the synergies we have in 2025 are underway in one form or the other. We're having to do some a little bit of capital projects, especially with some of the EnLink and Medallion. We need to connect the two systems together. They're being connected. That takes a little bit of time to do that. It can't happen overnight. And then some of the -- obviously, we've already counted some of the synergies that are being from the Medallion acquisition in 2023 that we have already said that it was going to take a little bit more capital build and it would be bringing them on in midpoint of 2026. And I mentioned those the ones down on the Gulf Coast, we're tying the NGL system into the refined product system. That's going to be done later second half of this year. That's a project we've been working on for a little over a year, that's going to have a pretty big impact and also tying in the NGL system in Mid-Continent. Those things are all underway. That's what we're going to get a lot of it going forward, and that's why we get confidence there's still -- obviously, we have other ones that we continue to find as we get the two systems together that we're adding to the list that we may also see some later coming on later this year. as we go forward. But me, we have a higher confidence in our synergies for 2025.
Pierce Norton: And Theresa, this is Pierce. So maybe that I would add to that is when we did the Magellan acquisition and even EnLink and Medallion, one of the things that's common to all three is the synergies are in our control. When we talked about batching, blending, bundling, those are all things that we have control of, and we're not waiting on a contract to be signed or buying to show up. It's mainly interconnects that we had to make. But it takes like Sheridan have said, takes time to make those interconnects and then we're continuing to do those throughout the year. But the majority of these things are definitely within our control.
Walter Hulse: Yes, and the thing that I would add to that, Theresa, is that we've only now operated fully controlling the EnLink system since February 1, effectively. As we've looked at some of our cost opportunities, I'll give you an example, property insurance, there was a scenario where we were able to add the EnLink business and Medallion business to our program and pretty much save close to 100% of the cost of those two entities were spending in the past. That all started on April 1. So you start to see those things roll in. And as we look at various other expenditures where we're able to consolidate, we picked those up at the point in time that those new contracts start. So that will start to fold in throughout the year as we move forward.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning everyone. I had a couple of questions on the Bakken. Obviously, the data showed some recovery in volumes, but you're not quite back to pre-wildfire level. So just wondering how you're seeing the rest of the year trending. And I recognize now that Bakken is a smaller piece of the overall pie, but how much Bakken growth do you need to hit your full year guidance?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. As we said before, we just need a small, low single-digit growth and meet our guidance and everything is pointing that that we will definitely be there if not exceed that number. It is looking good at this time as we go forward. A lot is going to tell us. We're seeing good -- and what gives us a lot of confidence is we're coming strong out of the winter. Even though it's April and a lot of places is full Spring. It's just early Spring in the Bakken. As we continue to go forward. So we get into May, also, we'll see how we anticipate even more will be coming out due to winter issues, and that will give us a great momentum into the rest of the year, and that's what gives us really our confidence of what our volume for the year is going to be it is every year. Every year, we kind of need to wait until we come out of winter and what it looks like going forward. And when we start getting in that, that's where we get our confidence. We're comfortable with where we're sitting.
Michael Blum: Okay. Thanks for that, Sheridan. And then as I think about ethane recovery in the Bakken, how sensitive is that to market pricing? So like if we see a prolonged kind of weakness, for example, would that have an impact? Or is it really just the ethane that's getting recovered there? Is it really just a heat rate concern on Northern Border, it's not really driven by pricing? Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Really, right now, what we're doing is more affected by pricing because we've had a price level that's in there that it says that we want to recover the ethane and be able to capture the natural gas spread in the Bakken to ethane in Mont Belvieu. If we would have a complete full rejection, you would probably end up getting into a heat rate on for some of that volume on Northern Border right now. But obviously, if there's a downturn on ethane gas prices in Mont Belvieu, we'll have a little bit of an impact on that. But then we can pull that volume back off, which pulls it off in the market what helps the market a little bit and put it into Northern Border than we had to. And that's why we like about that ethane play that we have up that we're very flexible when we bring it in and when we don't bring it in and what value we have. Now we have been able to, as we look forward, we've been able to walk some of that in already. So we already have some of that already pre-locked in. So even if we had some changes, we'd still be able to recover a portion of that volume, I think we needed to. But as you have heard today, they are -- as we think about China and that macro, you've already seen that trying to relax the tariffs on ethane going into their crackers over there. Because, frankly, they need the United States ethane. That's what it's been running on there. They're getting directly from our side. So I think we're going to continue to see the demand for ethane to side for the rest of the year.
Michael Blum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Salisbury from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, good morning. I just have one just kind of a follow-on to Michaels. NGL volumes seemed light across the board in the first quarter. So I really appreciated Sheridan's discussions around how it compared to your internal projections. And how things are picking up in April on the NGL volume front. I did just want to ask if there was more ethane rejection in the Mid-Con or Bakken or anything like that than you had sort of anticipated, which would potentially impact the rest of the year? Or if that is basically kind of what you had already forecast for the first quarter?
Sheridan Swords: Well, what I would say is it's what we had anticipated for the fourth quarter because when we gave you guidance at the end of February, we already had two months in the book. So we had a very good idea of what the first quarter was going to look like. Yes. So the amount of ethane rejection in the first quarter across our entire system is right in line with what we expected or what we put into our guidance because we knew what it was going to be. As we are -- obviously, we're seeing more ethane recovery now as we typically do in the summer months when gas prices go down. And we don't see as much the high price on gas prices related to the other commodities. And so ethane recovery across the board is up on our systems, and we anticipate that's going to be throughout the year. And we still have the same point of view on ethane that we had almost every year is that the Permian, for the most part is going to be in complete ethane recovered. Sometimes it changes, but this can be complete ethane recovery. The Mid-Continent is going to be in and out at different times. And then the Rockies has gone to notionally be out unless we want to bring some man to capture that ethane that the natural gas to ethane spread, which we have done throughout the year.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, great. That is all from me. Thank you, Sheridan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Manav Gupta: Hi guys, I actually just wanted to focus on Slide 5, a very interesting slide, but some of us are slightly visually challenged. So help us understand the slide a little better. Are you trying to imply that by combining these four companies, there is about additional $1.3 billion of incremental EBITDA realizable by 2027. Can you help us walk through this slide. There's a lot of very good information on here.
Walter Hulse: Yes, that's exactly the punch line there as you get out into 2027. What we wanted to do is go back and give a base. So if you look at the projections that were there, at the time of the acquisitions and then we layer the synergies and growth projects. And we wanted to put both of those in because a great example of that is the refined products pipeline expansion out to Denver. Is that a synergy? Or is that really a growth opportunity that presented itself as we brought these two companies together. Either way, it's going to be a great contributor as we look going forward. So we wanted to couple those together and show you how that will build over time. Because as Sheridan spent time you're talking today, we're just now getting in a position to get some of those Magellan synergies where we had to spend some capital to connect the system. And there will be some of those with EnLink and Medallion. Hopefully, they'll come in a little bit quicker because they're a little bit smaller in scale as to what needs to happen. But we wanted to give you a view of how we see those playing forward, so that as you think about a longer-term growth rate, you can understand what we think some of those opportunities are.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up here is it looks like the weather was working against you in 1Q. And I know it's difficult to quantify, but I'm just trying to understand the opportunity cost of the lost revenue or EBITDA if the weather was not a major headwind as it looks like it was in the first quarter?
Walter Hulse: Well, I think that clearly, if we hadn't had the weather, there would have been an opportunity for more EBITDA. But I would say that no matter what happens, you're always going to have weather in North Dakota in the first quarter. So we clearly plan for that, and that is part of our expectations when we do our forecasting, in the very few periods where we've had some warmer weather up there, so we surely have taken advantage of it and made some good money on those opportunities. But by and large, we're going to be impacted by weather every first quarter. And then we get a little bit of it back there in the fourth quarter as well. So we really look at how we come out of that in the spring and jump forward into the second and third quarter where we really get to see the uplift in the market activity.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Stanley from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good morning. So you've had a lot of confidence on the call on the 2025 outlook and good details on recovery this spring. Would you say even with Q1 that as of now, you're still tracking to the midpoint of the 2025 EBITDA guidance generally?
Walter Hulse: Yes. I would say that we were a firm guidance just as we gave it in February, was the same where we would end up. So we are in line, affirming financial guidance as it was given in February.
Keith Stanley: Okay. Great. I had another follow-up on Slide 5, and I want to just make sure I'm understanding the data point for 2027. So you're pointing to $870 million of synergies and growth uplifts in '26 and then $1.3 billion in '27. So that's over $400 million of year-over-year upside in 2027. And I think that's on top of growth in the stand-alone business outlooks as well. I just want to make sure I'm understanding that right, as far as the upside you see in '27.
Walter Hulse: Yes. I think that's a good highlight of where we start to see some of the stair step functions when we bring on new projects from a growth standpoint. And why we wanted to highlight that, that's both synergies, which may be a little bit more linear. And then when you add in growth projects, they tend to be lumpier stair step you up when you bring that on and can start to be what it so. Clearly, as we move from '26 to '27, we'll be bringing on some projects that are underway right now and enjoy the benefit of that '27 and forward.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from AJ O'Donnell from TPH. Please go ahead with your question.
AJ O'Donnell: Good morning everyone. I just wanted to go back to the Permian volume guidance. Thinking what the current asset footprint and 1.7 Bcf of capacity. Just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more about how you envision that volume kind of the cadence stepping up the rest of the year. How much of the volume growth do you think there could be from inefficiencies that you could capture on the system? Or is it just the volume growth entirely driven by new well connects?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. Yes, that volume growth is really going to be more driven by new well connections. I mean, we did not have any G&P presence in the Permian before we bought the EnLink system as we get in there. So what we're seeing now is just overall growth what's going forward, and I gave you some numbers of where we are today. So that's given us confidence of where we're going to end up. And then we also talked about we have in the Delaware, we have some quick expansion opportunities out there that are underway now that we could be able to -- we're putting in place, we'll be able to absorb some of that as we continue to go forward. But we are seeing the activity level in the Permian as I stated in my remarks that are going to fill our assets and a lot of it is going to be by the end of the year in these expansions.
AJ O'Donnell: Okay. Great. Then maybe if I just shift to refined products. I was wondering if you could spend a little bit of time talking about the blending business. Spreads between the butane and RBOB seem to be wider than they were relative to Q4. And I know that there's more that goes into that business, such as like logistical costs and differentials. I was hoping that maybe you could explain the Q1 results. And maybe if we're getting ourselves into a situation like we did in 2024 or like you did in 2024, where you kind of saw an unseasonal uptick in Q2 product margins?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We -- the same strategy that we had in 2024, the spring 2024 is the same strategy we have going on around that 2025 where we saw opportunities to sell store product and instead of selling in the current month that we've blended the product to go ahead and forward sell that in that month out forward into 2Q and beyond. And we will see some added benefit as we get into the second and third quarter from that strategy. I think that's your question.
AJ O'Donnell: Yes, that was. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sunil Sibal from Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Sunil Sibal: Yes, hi. Good morning folks and thanks on the color on the call. So I just wanted to start off by clarifying some comments, which was made in the prepared remarks with regard to the LPG export dock facilities. So are you indicating that the amount of volumes that you need to fill up your facilities is something that you're already moving on your systems. But I guess, with third-party export docks, did I get that right?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We produce enough propane now to more than fill that dock capacity. Now we are selling that that product into the open market today, whether it be an enterprise, whether it be a target, whether be it in energy transfer. And we know just by supply and demand balances that some of that product has to be going across their dock, but we are not selling into crops or dock, but when our dock comes up, we will take that product that we were selling into the open market that [indiscernible] was making it across somebody else's dock. That product will be shifted away from their docks and be put on our dock.
Sunil Sibal: Understood. Thanks for that. And then on the gas pipeline business, it seems like you had a pretty solid start, although you had some divestitures in that business. And then you also talked about few gas storage extension projects that are kicking in now. So I was curious when I look at how you performed in the first quarter versus your full-year guidance, is -- am I missing something that you seem to be on a pretty good track to exceed the full-year EBITDA guidance in that segment?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. I mean the natural gas pipeline segment has done really well in the first quarter, which typically we see it do well in the first quarter, obviously, with meeting demand and everything on the system. And also, we see good strength through the rest of the year. We mentioned that we're bringing on will come up next month or 4 Bcf of storage. That is coming online that 80% of its already subscribed that other 20% will be used for operational storage or we need to see an opportunity to do some parking loans out there as well that we've seen from time-to-time going forward. But you're right, natural gas pipelines are performing well. And then as we look forward, we are, as I mentioned in some active discussions with some demand, a lot of Louisiana. Some of those are on the industrial corridor, as we said before, that is a really hot area for us that we are on the last stage to get some demand signed up from industrials out there. So we -- it's our smallest segment, but it's going to have a good year.
Sunil Sibal: Thanks for that.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be ending today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Megan Patterson for any closing remarks.
Megan Patterson: Thank you, Jamie. Our prior period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in July and extends until we release earnings in early August. We'll provide details for the conference call at a later date. Our IR team is available throughout the day for any follow-up. Thank you all for joining, and have a good day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to ONEOK's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, White, and good morning, and welcome to ONEOK's fourth quarter year-end 2024 earnings call. After the markets closed yesterday, we issued news releases announcing our 2024 results and our 2025 guidance and 2026 outlook. Those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder for Q&A, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Executive Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Sheridan Swords, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also on the call today is Randy Lentz, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Randy joined us from Medallion Midstream, and we welcome him to the ONEOK team. Yesterday, we announced higher fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings driven by contributions from multiple strategic acquisitions, volume growth, and continued execution on the synergies identified in our refined products and crude oil businesses acquired in 2023. We also announced 2025 financial guidance, and they provided a 2026 growth outlook. For 2025, we expect strong earnings growth driven by our expanded operations completed projects and higher volumes. For our 2026 growth outlook, we expect greater than 15% earnings per share growth and adjusted EBITDA growth approaching 10%. And compared with our 2025 guidance midpoints. Walt and Sheridan will provide additional details on those guidance and the growth outlook shortly. Over the past two years, ONEOK has executed on our intentional on disciplined growth strategy, creating unique opportunities with our more regionally diversified product and service offerings and delivering value across our expanded footprint. We've transformed our company in multiple ways, making it even stronger, more resilient and better positioned to play a leading role in contributing to energy addition. I'll touch on a few of these key areas that we believe will drive our continued success and further enhance our strategic competitive advantage. First, we've significantly grown our integrated operations, both in terms of our product mix, demand pull versus supply push drivers and geographic diversity. We've added refined products in crude oil transportation and crude oil gathering to our integrated value chain and we've significantly extended and expanded our presence in the Permian Basin and Louisiana. Second, we've added significant operational scale through our now approximately 60,000 mile pipeline network enhancing our connectivity with key producers, basins and market centers. The scale and integrated connectivity further strengthen our resilience and position ONEOK for success across various market cycles. Third, we continue to prioritize organic growth opportunities by expanding and extending our now even larger asset base. Key projects have included NGL pipeline expansions in the Bakken and Permian Basins, additional NGL fractionation capacity in Mont Belvieu and the Mid-Continent refined products pipeline expansions into the Denver market and natural gas storage expansions in Oklahoma and Texas. Most recently, we announced an LPG export project joint venture with MPLX. With LPG exports added to our service mix, we will provide an integrated NGL wellhead-to-water solution for our customers enhancing our product offerings. Fourth, we continue to prioritize innovation, commercial development and customer service across our operations. Numerous additional project opportunities remain in very good stages of development. These unannounced projects span across regions and products, and they include synergy projects and traditional growth opportunities. Examples include projects to interconnect and optimize recently acquired assets, pipeline and facility expansions in key basins, additional natural gas infrastructure driven by continued demand for the AI-driven data centers and LNG demand and debottlenecking projects across our operations to accommodate growth are just to name a few. Finally, we remain committed to returning meaningful value to our investors. We've proven our ability to sustain and grow our long-standing dividend, invest in high-return growth projects and maintain financial flexibility, including the ability to begin executing on our share repurchase authorization. We've provided 11 consecutive years of adjusted EBITDA growth and our 2025 adjusted EBITDA guidance is well over double what it was just three years ago. All of these successes and extraordinary growth and the scale of ONEOK's transformation doesn't happen overnight, and it doesn't happen without the dedication of our employees. Their continued focus on safety, service and innovation has enabled this level of change to occur and will continue to drive additional meaningful growth and value across our operations. I'll now turn it over to Walt and Sheridan to provide their financial and commercial updates. Walt?
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. I'll start with a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year financial performance and then move on to our '25 guidance and 2026 outlook. 2024 results were in line with our guidance expectations that we increased in both the first and third quarters of 2024. Net income attributable to ONEOK totaled $923 million or $1.57 per share in the fourth quarter 2024 and totaled $3 billion or $5.17 per share for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA totaled nearly $2.2 billion in the fourth quarter 2024 and more than $6.7 billion for the full year. These results include $375 million of adjusted EBITDA and $73 million of transaction costs related to the EnLink and Medallion acquisitions that we began consolidating in October. As of December 31, we had more than $730 million in cash on hand, no commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement. Our fourth quarter 2024 annualized run rate net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 3.6x. We continue to demonstrate our ability to utilize various capital allocation levers in 2024 by returning nearly $2.5 billion of value to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased $172 million of stock in the fourth quarter and in January 2025, we increased our quarterly dividend by 4%. Now moving on to our guidance. As Pierce mentioned, in addition to yesterday's earnings announcement, we provided a detailed 2025 financial and volume guidance and a 2026 growth outlook. For 2025, we expect an 8% increase in earnings per share to a midpoint of $5.37 compared with 2024 when excluding onetime items in 2024, such as transactional related costs and divestitures. This EPS guidance does not include an assumption for share repurchases, but we remain committed to executing on our Board approved $2 billion share repurchase program over the course of these next few years. From an adjusted EBITDA perspective, we expect a 21% increase in adjusted EBITDA in 2025 to $8.225 billion, excluding approximately $50 million of transaction costs compared with 2024. Key drivers of our 2025 guidance include higher earnings driven by a full year of earnings from recent acquisitions, volume growth from increases in production and completed growth projects and fee-based earnings. Our 2025 financial guidance also includes approximately $250 million of incremental commercial and cost synergies related to our acquisitions of Magellan, Medallion and EnLink. This is additive to what we've already realized through the end of 2024. As it relates to capital expenditures, our guidance assumes a range of $2.8 billion to $3.2 billion which includes growth and maintenance capital. This range reflects the investments necessary to accommodate expected increases in production and invest in attractive return growth projects such as our recently announced LPG export dock. Our 2026 outlook of greater than 15% earnings per share growth and adjusted EBITDA growth approaching 10% and compared with the 2025 guidance midpoint is driven by expected volumes from increased production and recently completed synergy and growth projects. Key contributors include a full year of earnings from the Elk Creek and West Texas NGL pipeline expansions and synergy projects completed in 2025 and along with a partial year benefit from the completion of the Denver area refined products expansion and the connection of our Mont Belvieu assets to the Houston Ship Channel distribution assets. We also expect to realize additional synergies in 2026. I'll now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update.
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. We saw a strong year-over-year performance in 2024. The refined products and crude segment contributed its first full year of earnings, benefiting from higher average refined product tariff rates, blending and marketing opportunities, as well as higher earnings on our long-haul crude oil pipelines. Continued strength in Rocky Mountain volumes during the year continue to support earnings with NGL raw feed throughput volumes up 8% and natural gas volumes processed up 6% in the region. The Natural Gas Pipeline segment exceeded the high end of its 2024 financial guidance even excluding divestitures and acquisitions. The segment's outperformance continues to be driven by strong demand for our intrastate pipeline and storage services. Turning to 2025. And starting with the natural gas liquids segment, we expect higher year-over-year adjusted EBITDA and raw feed throughput volumes to be driven primarily by growth out of the Permian and Rocky Mountain regions. We have assumed high levels of ethane recovery continue in the Permian Basin and partial recovery in the Mid-Continent. We also expect to see continued opportunities to incentivize ethane recovery in the Rocky Mountain region. In the Permian Basin, we expect recently completed and connected third-party processing plants, new contracts and increasing volume from legacy EnLink plants to contribute to higher volumes feeding our West Texas NGL pipeline. As legacy EnLink contracts roll off in future years, significant incremental volume is expected to move to our Permian NGL system. Recently completed NGL growth projects will contribute to higher volumes than earnings in 2025 and including MB-6 and expansions of our Elk Creek and West Texas NGL pipelines in the Williston and Permian Basin. We also expect increasing contributions from the acquired Easton Energy assets as we complete connections to our Houston-based system in 2025, helping us to realize additional synergies. As Pierce mentioned earlier this month, we announced strategic joint venture projects to construct a 400,000 barrel per day LPG export terminal in Texas City, Texas, and a pipeline connecting ONEOK's Mont Belvieu storage facility to the new terminal. Our collaboration with MPLX on this project enables us to provide a new wellhead to water solution to customers across our entire system. The world scale dock has multiple strategic benefits over other currently operating facilities, including a premier open water location, brownfield economics, timing and cost benefits driven by the proximity to the existing Marathon refinery and infrastructure and strategic access to our NGL storage in Mont Belvieu. The project is expected to be completed in early 2028. In the refined products and crude segment, we expect continued growth in refined products margins and a significant increase in crude oil volumes driven by our added crude oil gathering infrastructure from both the Medallion and EnLink acquisitions. We expect to fill existing gathering capacity over time, which will feed and fill our long-haul crude oil pipelines connecting key supply areas with critical refining and marketing center. We also expect continued benefits from the ability to execute certain blending related commercial and cost synergies between the natural gas liquids and refined product businesses. We expect these types of synergies to ramp up as projects come online this year. Moving to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. We expect volume growth in all of our regions across our footprint in 2025. We guided to Rocky Mountain region volume growth up 8.5% at the midpoint compared to 2024 and an average of more than 1.7 Bcf per day in 2025. Williston Basin volumes continue to benefit from increasing efficiencies that have been well documented by our producer customers. strong gas-to-oil ratios and overall producer activity. Part of those efficiencies that we continue to benefit from is the drilling of longer laterals and higher well performance on traditional laterals without the need for as many well connects. In 2025, we expect 35% of our well connections to be with 3-mile laterals as opposed to traditional shorter lives. Through recent acquisitions, we've extended our gathering and processing assets into the strategic and growing Permian Basin and added assets in the Mid-Continent. In the Mid-Continent, we expect volume growth in addition to the full year impact of the acquisition with average annual volume of nearly 2.5 Bcf per day in 2025. Projects are already underway to connect and optimize assets. As Pierce mentioned, these synergies are captured in the 2026 outlet Walt provided. In the Permian Basin, we expect natural gas processing volumes to average approximately 1.6 Bcf per day at the midpoint. We are in the process of relocating a 150 million cubic feet per day legacy EnLink natural gas processing plant to the region from North Texas, which we expect to be completed in the first quarter of 2026. And we continue looking at expected infrastructure needs going forward. as existing customers and potential opportunities provide line of sight for strong growth in the coming years. In the Natural Gas Pipelines segment, our assets are well positioned to benefit from industrial demand growth driven by data centers, LNG exports and ammonia facilities. Our newly acquired assets in Louisiana provide direct connectivity to major LNG exporters and industrial customers. There are also approximately 30 potential power plant expansion projects across our footprint that could provide more than 4 Bcf per day of incremental demand if they move forward. Natural gas storage expansions continue to be an opportunity for us as well with key projects ongoing in Oklahoma and in Louisiana. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Sheridan, and thank you, Walt. We are proud of our strong performance over the past year. Through strategic acquisitions and organic initiatives, we've extended our reach and built a platform for future growth that leaves us poised for continued success. The potential before us is significant and we remain committed to delivering the value to our employees, shareholders, customers and communities. Before we close, I want to recognize our employees' efforts related to the recent severe cold across our footprint. As always, our teams demonstrated incredible commitment and dedication to maintaining safety and delivering reliable service regardless of the challenging conditions. This unwavering focus on safety and customer service is a testament to the character and resilience of our people. I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication throughout another year of significant change in growth. It is their commitment and passion that drive our success and make us stronger as an organization. Thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We're excited about the journey ahead and look forward to sharing our progress with you in the future. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And the first question will come from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: Would you be able to provide some additional details behind bridging the 2025 to 2026 guidance? Sounds like much of it is driven by project contribution, but are there other details and color around synergies or assumptions on volume and pricing can you share at this point?
Walt Hulse: Well, Theresa, the -- what we're really seeing is the benefit of the synergy capital that we've been spending primarily connecting the Easton assets, so that all of our assets down in Mont Belvieu and the Houston channel. Those should get completed here in 2025, and we'll get that full benefit into 2026. We'll start to see some of these other projects wrap up in later 2025 or early 2026 and contributing benefit. So, this last phase of capital investment is coming at a great time. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Pardon me, ladies and gentlemen, it appears we have lost connection to our speaker line. Please stand by while we reconnect. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the speakers are back. And Theresa, you may go ahead, I believe you were asking a question.
Theresa Chen: Yes. If we want to move on to the second question, I just wanted to unpack two components of your organic project backlog a little bit more. On the LPG side, can you speak more to the strategic benefits behind your export JV with MPLX and how exactly will ONEOK and MPLX be competitive versus the incumbent from export economics? And then secondly, within your refined product portfolio, what other capacity additions are there like the Denver pipeline expansion? And beyond the initial 35,000 barrels per day, how much can you actually send up that 16-inch line given the pretty significant cost of the project?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, Teresa, this is Sheridan. I'll start with the LPG dock. We are excited to collaborate with a great partner like MPLX on this strategic project for both companies. And our strategic rationale is really, you could say, location, location, location. The first location is, as I mentioned before, we have access to the open waters. We're within two hours of open waters at this location, significantly better than the other docks in the area. This location, because we're next to Marathon's refinery. It is a brownfield construction site, where we have a lot of other their infrastructure there. that greatly reduces the cost of this venture. And then obviously, the location to our -- the NGL system and storage where we easily can be able to get our products into that, into their [indiscernible] dock as we go there. And, we have been looking at this for a long time, we've been intentional and disciplined about going forward with this type of a project. I mean we've been evaluated for over eight years. And at this time, we're really comfortable with where this project sits today and how we can compete into the marketplace as well as it advances our -- as I mentioned, our wellhead to water strategy across our entire system. And with a project that actually we can grow into as this dock and pipeline are both expandable beyond the 400,000 barrels a day. So, that's really as we think about this dock and the strategic significance and how we can compete in the marketplace as we continue to go forward. As we talk about the Denver expansion as we get going forward, the Denver expansion, we put a 16-inch pipeline. And we've said that we have commitments up to 35,000 barrels a day. Obviously, a 16-inch pipeline can move a lot more volume than that. But as that area grows in demand or a supply that area is disruptive in any way, from refinery closures. We can capitally efficiently increase the capacity of that pipeline by adding more pumps all the way up to as much as 250,000 barrels a day, if so needed, depending on the demand.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America.
Jean Ann Salisbury: I guess just a follow-up on Theresa's question about the LPG export dock. It seems like LPG ports are getting overbuilt and spot rates could fall significantly. Can you just speak about your assumptions for uncontracted rates, whether you share that view and whether in your numbers, the uncontracted capacity as a meaningful contributor to the economics that you're projecting?
Sheridan Swords: Jean Ann, what I would tell you is, this is coming on in 2028, we think about LPG dock. And as we continue to look at the growth across our entire system, especially coming out of the Permian. We see a significant amount of LPGs be able to come on the market. And we already control a significant amount of that volume that is going across other docks today that we -- once the stock is up, we will be pointing to the stock. So, we don't share the view that docks are going to be overbuilt when we get out into the 2028 time frame. When this dock will be up, that we'll be able to compete very well with it. We have not assumed on our spot rate. We have assumed a typical market rate on any spot volume that we've included in our economics. So nothing that is what we are seeing in line with what we're seeing today.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. That's helpful. And then things are looking bullish for gas price over the next couple of years. Rig count in the Haynesville has been flattish, but maybe creeping up in the Mid-Con, from what you're hearing from customers, do you think that the gas strip is high enough that we could see material gas growth in the next year or two in the Mid-Con, which I don't think most are anticipating?
Sheridan Swords: Well, as we've been talking to our customers in the Mid-Continent and looking at rail rigs and everything else, we definitely are seeing increased activity in the Mid-Continent. And that's really one of the things that is driving our increasing our volume outlook as we look forward is the increased drilling activity we are seeing in conversations with our producers. So, I think you are seeing a little bit of an uptick from there seeing the gas -- from the gas price.
Pierce Norton: Theresa, this is Pierce. The only thing that I would add to that is the demand fell that we're seeing basically in the industry. I mean we just recently we -- but the industry brought on 16 Bcf a day of export capabilities coming on LNG. That's expected to expand to somewhere around 30 Bcf different projections out there. But yes, I could give you 6 Bcf a day. And then you still have coal plant conversions. So, all of that is going to kind of point to somewhere around plus 20%, maybe 25% growth in the demand for natural gas in the future. That comes with natural gas liquids. So, I think that's going to help with the prices as well.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Vrathan Reddy: This is Vrathan Reddy on for Jeremy. For the '25 CapEx guide, could you help us bridge spend on the three larger projects in your backlog versus those smaller capital opportunities such as well connects, well connections and synergy-related opportunities?
Walt Hulse: Trying to decide who was going to take that question. This is Walt. We have the three larger projects being the Medford frac, which is kind of in its heavy build stage at the moment as we move forward. The Denver pipeline, also kind of in that phase. The addition of the plant down in North Texas, which is a reasonably quick and concentrated spend during that period. We're wrapping up the Easton acquisition. So that's the kind of focus there in the '26. Clearly, as some of those projects come on, some of that capital intensity will fall away. We'll have the dock project kind of being ramping up in 26 and hit a stride as you get out in the next couple of years after that. But towards the back half of this year, we'll be a pretty good spend rate as well. So that's really the gist of it. A lot of the other capital we're spending around synergies and the like, they are very small, extremely high return projects that we've been working on to connect the refined products and the NGL system to really enhance the ability to move product around the system to be more efficient in blending activities and the like. So, those are coming to completion, and those are going to be additive in kind of singles and doubles across the way as we build out those synergies for '25 and '26.
Vrathan Reddy: Perfect. And then, the materials highlighted roughly 30 potential power plant expansion projects across your footprint, including the data centers. Just curious, if you can provide an update on commercial development and how that's progressed and just ONEOK's strategic positioning with EnLink in the portfolio now?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. This is Sheridan again. And what I would say, we -- obviously, all 30 are at different level stages that we're talking to, some are further along than others. We do think we have a very good competitive advantage when we look at a lot of these data centers and that is especially in our Oklahoma and Texas assets that we're sitting so close to supply that is really cuts down on the transportation costs as we go forward and with our integrated network to be able to the OWT system out of West Texas being able to draw from all different plants in that area at it's the same thing in Oklahoma. So, we're working on that. There are some -- as you would expect, some are progressing more then, others are progressing, not all of them will get done. We're -- of that 30%, that is, as Pierce mentioned, about 4 Bcf of demand that we're looking at, we kind of look across the United States is roughly about three, somewhere between 3 Bcf and 6 Bcf that we think will come into play. So, we're going to have a look at a majority of that volume and we're very confident we're going to get our fair share of the demand from data centers.
Operator: And the next question will come from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum: Well, I wanted to ask about 2026 CapEx. I realize you're not giving an estimate here. But just directionally, obviously, you have a big pickup in '25. Given the larger size and scale of the Company now, is this kind of a new run rate for the Company?
Walt Hulse: Michael, this is Walt. I think we definitely are seeing kind of a peak here in '25 as we wrap up Medford and the Denver project is in full swing. Will we, as a larger company, have a higher run rate, definitely. But I think that you will see it as some of those come off and some of the synergy capital that we've been spending completed that our baseline will come down over '26 and into '27. But clearly, it will be higher than it would have been prior to the EnLink and Medallion acquisitions. We definitely want to make sure that we continue to make sure that we have capacity available for our customers in the Permian and some of the new markets that we're entering.
Michael Blum: Okay. And then just wanted to ask a level set on synergies. Just wondering, if you can just sort of clarify for us where are synergies are tracking for, let's say, Magellan and EnLink and Medallion versus your original targets that you laid out? And then specifically, the $250 million that you called out, is that incremental to what you had originally laid out? Or you're just saying this is the number for 2025.
Walt Hulse: Yes. So, in 2024, we had said that originally that we would have $175 million of synergies. Throughout the year, we signaled that we would exceed that amount, and we clearly have. You can look at the results in RP&C for '24 versus what would have been a '23 range. And we've definitely seen a benefit from some of that to come home. And so, we did better than the $175 million as we headed into '25. We had said that there would be an additional $125 million is related to Magellan in 2025. And so, we're layering in another $125 million on top of that. Recognizing that we may have achieved some of those original planned out 2025 Magellan in 2024. So, I think it speaks to the increased opportunities that we've continued to see as the teams have gotten together to do those singles and doubles and really optimize the NGL and refined product systems to open up a lot of new opportunities.
Operator: And the next question will come from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: On your 2025 guide, can you help us understand what drives you towards the top end of the guide, especially for the natural gas liquids and refined products and crude segments? Like what could get you to $3.1 billion and $2.3 billion respectively in 2025 for those two segments?
Walt Hulse: I think that as you look at the business because some of it is the timing of when we bring in some of these synergies. As we are able to get certain assets connected, we are going to bring those bring those earnings home quicker. Clearly, there can be opportunities as our producers, if they see continued strength in commodity prices or gas prices here, they can help us out on that front. But I think that while we're not going to have to rely just on increased producer activity, I do think that we have the innovation of our team as they continue to look for opportunities to optimize those smaller synergies, there may only be a $10 million, $15 million add to EBITDA, but you do a bunch of them and they start to add up pretty quick.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up here is now that you're operating with Medallion and EnLink, are there any opportunities operationally that you are seeing, which you did not see earlier when you actually did the deal. So those are like kind of positive surprises. Can you talk a little bit about any positive surprises of these two deals?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. I would say as we continue, as we saw with Magellan, when we start getting our people together and the people that really run these assets and they start talking to each other and working together, the synergy opportunities almost start just kind of boiling out. When we went and bought and we looked at the money we think we can make before we bought it, we knew predominantly where they were going to come from. And we knew kind of what we thought was there, but we didn't -- as with Magellan, we didn't know the scale of what that could be when you really get the people operating those assets to continue to go forward. We're seeing a bunch of opportunities in the Mid-Continent for G&P for quick connects between our two systems up there where we can get gas to more efficient gas plants that produces more NGLs or our NGL system. We knew that was there, but how fast we can get there and how big that is, has been a really good supply. You get down into the Permian. You talked about, we've been able to very quickly -- we'll put ourselves into position to be able to market crude oil in that area, which helps us to put more crude oil right away on to our long-haul pipes. The speed that we were able to do that has been phenomenal. We've been really excited about that being able to go forward. And then a couple of things that we didn't even really consider was synergies between our EnLink crude oil system and our Medallion crude oil system have really been a positive mover for us that they found different ways to be able to connect those systems as we continue to go forward or even just simple things is we've had opportunities. We have crew trucks that were driving, an EnLink crew truck that was driven by a Medallion terminal that we've been able to lower our crude trucking cost just by bringing it to lower -- closer locations to the wellhead. So, we continue to see that. And as Walt mentioned, as we think about how do we get to the higher end of the 2025 guidance is, how fast we can put these together and how new ones continue to come on, which is what we saw as I mentioned before and what we saw with the Medallion -- with the Magellan acquisition is to get the teams together to find this.
Operator: Next question will come from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Wanted to follow up first on the 2026 EBITDA outlook and synergies. So, you said $250 million of incremental synergies this year. Is there a number you can provide for 2026? It sounds like a lot of the projects are coming on of incremental synergies versus this year?
Walt Hulse: Yes. We're not going to guide to a specific number. At this point in time, it's kind of baked into our outlook at this point. But what I would say is that further we get down the path with multiple acquisitions, some of supply chain type of synergies start to blend together. When we're buying for the four companies together as opposed to just legacy ONEOK, they're a little bit less easy to identify where we should point them to, whether they're Magellan synergies or Medallion synergies or EnLink. So, some of those kind of get grouped together, and we're just seeing a net benefit to the Company. So, at this point, in '26, we're going to just leave it at those synergies that we have identified today are baked into that number, and we'll continue to try to find more and refine that number as we get closer to when we provide actual guidance for '26. But that is our outlook today. with what we know so far.
Keith Stanley: Great. And maybe on the export facility, can you give a sense of expected returns on the project or contracts that are in place today. And then separately on exports, just how it affects your strategy and how you're thinking about organic growth or M&A, particularly in the Permian, once you have this facility in place?
Sheridan Swords: We'll start with the one at the end is our strategy across our whole system, not just in the Permian is to touch a barrel as many times as we can to be fully integrated that we can bring and that way, we feel we can bring the most value to our customers, to our producer customers. And this is just one more stop or one more leg in this integration that we think it's critical to be able to continue to be competitive in all the areas that we are across. We continue to see a lot of demand for the dock as we continue to go forward. Our returns are going to be in the mid-teens to high-teens on this project as we continue to go -- that's kind of what our economics are looking like right now. But it is an integrated -- it's more of our integrated play that we're trying to do is touch the barrel many times we can so we can offer a full suite of offerings to our producer customers and to be able to touch the barrels as many times as possible.
Pierce Norton: This is Pierce. I think you had a question about M&A, in particular, in the Permian. The way I would answer that is that we continue to be focused on the integration of the companies that we've bought so far, and we're focused on realizing those synergies across that footprint. Having said that, there's a couple of ways that things come on the market. One is strategic, which is usually public to public. And then the other one is through the private equity chain, there probably is going to be some of those things coming on the market in the future. We look at everything, but it will be best to be seen whether or not to transact or not. But we're going to be intentional and disciplined in the way that we approach all of our M&A future opportunities.
Operator: And the next question will come from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: I was going in and out, so I'm not sure if this was interest, but I wanted to start off on the Permian side of things. I believe you are processing capacity is around 1.7 Bcf per day there. Could you tell us what kind of utilization that is running at? And then the downstream of the processing plants approximately how much of the NGL volumes you control from the marketing point of view?
Sheridan Swords: What I would say on the 1.5 Bcf to 1.7 Bcf in the utilization of that. As we mentioned, we are moving a gas plant out of the North Texas down into the Permian Basin, and we wouldn't be doing that unless we were anticipating that the volume -- the capacity that we have in the Permian Basin today is going to be fully utilized as we continue to go forward. So that's how we think about volume going forward in 2025. As it relates to on the downstream side of that with utilization on NGL pipe, we talked about that we have plenty of capacity with the expansion of the West Texas NGL system that, that will be here in this year up to 740,000 barrels a day with a lot of capacity that wasn't spoken for because we didn't need that much to sanction that project as we continue to go forward on that. And what we're seeing in is all the new volume -- majority of the new volume that we are getting on the system and the majority of the volume that is on that system, we have the marketing rights we control it. There are some legacy contracts with Magellan that has a significant amount of volume that they have -- that we have the marketing rights to it, but we already had in place NGL contracts to other service providers. And when that volume rolls off contract, that will automatically come over to our system at that time.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Got it. And then on the stock buybacks. I think in your previous partner guidance -- sorry, can you hear me?
Walt Hulse: Yes, we can.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. So, I think your previous guidance on leverage was exiting 2025 at 3.9%. And obviously, with the new guidance, you're talking about 3.5x leverage in 2026. So, it seems like you're making good progress there. So, I was kind of curious how should we think about the cadence of the stock buyback program that you have?
Walt Hulse: Well, I mean, clearly, the -- we are mindful to make sure that we get our debt metrics in line with our goals, and we're looking at the business as we go forward. That said, we have the full intention of completing the $2 billion of buybacks over the course of the program that the Board set forward. We saw a situation there at year-end where we had the proceeds from the sale of assets to DTM, where we were sitting on a very large amount of cash. As I mentioned before, we -- even with those, we closed out the year with $773 million in cash on the balance sheet. So, we were opportunistic there to get started on that program. and we'll look at things during 2025. But clearly, I think that the bulk of the $2 billion will be back weighted as we get in the final two years as our metrics have hit our goals from a debt metric side.
Operator: The next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: I guess, just you've had a lot of these, I guess, my question just on per lot of the overall producers just give their new plan for 2025. And to me, they all some quite good or at least the same. I'm just wondering, based on what you've heard now from plans and what you guys have had with conversations do you still have sort of the same expectations for production in some of your key areas as you did last year?
Pierce Norton: Yes. Yes, we've had a lot of conversations with our producers and what they're seeing going forward. And I would probably say we are at or above where we thought we would be last year a lot with the -- let's take the Bakken, the consolidation that's up in the Bakken. We are bringing producers with different types of efficiency on the wellhead. There consolidating acreage so they can drill longer laterals, that's going to bring more volume into our system. We're seeing that also in the Mid-Continent, where a little bit, as we mentioned earlier today, gas prices are up a little bit more seeing people start to come in a little bit harder in the Mid-Continent, and all this is reflected into our guidance. But I would say we're at or above where we were thought we would be three, four months ago for sure.
Neal Dingmann: No, that's great to hear. And then just maybe just a quick follow-up on EnLink. I'm just wondering now -- fully under your control. I'm just wondering, are you all seeing additional opportunities to accelerate and maybe just how customer demand is looking there also.
Pierce Norton: Yes. I mean, we are, I think, especially in the Permian, we have a team out there that's highly focused on growing that Permian asset, and they're getting after it. We see a lot of opportunities. There's a lot of RFPs coming out right now that we are looking at, and we are excited about what we see out there, bring this new plan on, look what else we can do with our integrated footprint out there. So, with EnLink and thinking about G&P, very much excited there, then you get up into the Mid-Continent, we have a much wider expanse across that area, especially as you look out to the western side, where we see a lot of activity with the combination of the ONEOK EnLink assets and to be able to serve those producers out there. I think the team is pretty jazzed up to be able to continue to put these two things together to continue to grow this with all the activity we're seeing.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Pierce Norton, CEO, for any closing remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you. Before I wrap up today, I want to take a moment to recognize two individuals who have contributed significantly to ONEOK's success over the years. Chuck Kelley is retiring after 25 years of service. Most recently, he was our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines, but has also served in key leadership roles in energy services, corporate development and natural gas gathering and processing over the years. And Andrew Ziola, the Vice President of Investor Relations, who after 20 years of dedicated service, he's announced his retirement Andrew has been an important part of the organization through significant change in progress. Many of you have known and worked with Andrew for years, and his presidents will be -- certainly be missed. Both of these gentlemen have made contributions that will have a lasting impact on our company. Please join me in congratulating them on an outstanding career and in wishing them the very best in their next exciting chapter. I'm also pleased to announce that Megan Patterson, who many of you know and who you worked alongside Andrew for a number of years, we'll be stepping into Andrew's role. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Megan for closing remarks.
Megan Patterson: Thank you, Pierce. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extends held in release earnings in late April. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. The IR team will be available throughout the day today for any follow-ups. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ONEOK Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK's third quarter 2024 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder for Q&A, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Sheridan Swords, Executive Vice President, Commercial Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing. Yesterday, we announced the third quarter 2024 earnings and provided new consolidated guidance that includes contributions from EnLink and the pending Medallion acquisition. We also increased our full-year 2024 financial guidance on the stand-alone basis, for the second time this year. Our higher guidance expectations highlight ONEOK's ability to continue to deliver on synergy opportunities while also maintaining a strong fee-based earnings across our systems. Our stand-alone 2024 adjusted EBITDA guidance, which excludes contributions from EnLink and Medallion, is well over double ONEOK's adjusted EBITDA just five years ago. This extraordinary growth has been possible because of our employees' focus on excellence, service and innovation, our strategic assets and our intentional and disciplined approach to organic growth and acquisitions. It has been more than a year since we completed the acquisition of Magellan, and we continue to identify synergy opportunities related to the transaction exceeding our original expectations. In mid-October, we completed our acquisition of the controlling [indiscernible] EnLink Midstream. And today, I'm able to announce the expiration of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act waiting period related to the Medallion acquisition. We look forward to finalizing that acquisition in the coming days. The EnLink and Medallion acquisitions continued to build off the complementary assets of ONEOK, providing significant growth potential by establishing a fully integrated Permian Basin platform at scale that will drive new service offerings for our customers. Expanding and extending ONEOK's footprint in the Mid-Continent and North Texas, providing a new asset position in Louisiana connected with the key demand centers providing significant synergies through connections of complementary asset positions and finally, delivering immediate accretion in supporting our capital allocation strategy. These acquisitions mark another exciting milestone in our company's history, building on our proven track record of shareholder value creation. There is much to look forward to with these latest announcements, but there's a lot of momentum in ONEOK's current businesses. I'll turn it over to Walt and Sheridan to discuss our latest guidance, increases and give a commercial update. Walt?
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. I'll start with a brief overview of our third quarter financial performance. ONEOK's third quarter 2024 net income totaled $693 million or $1.18 per share which included $0.04 per share of transaction expenses. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.55 billion. The year-over-year increase was driven by continued strength in the Rocky Mountain region, increased transportation services in the Natural Gas Pipeline segment and a full quarter contribution from the refined products and crude segment. Moving on to our updated guidance. In addition to increasing stand-alone guidance, we announced 2024 consolidated financial guidance, which does include contributions from EnLink and the pending Medallion acquisition, but excludes transaction costs. We expect a consolidated net income midpoint of approximately $3 billion and an adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $6.625 billion. EnLink will be a consolidated subsidiary of ONEOK for GAAP financial reporting purposes, and we expect to report EnLink adjusted EBITDA within each of ONEOK's corresponding business segments beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024. On a stand-alone basis, we now expect a 2024 net income midpoint of $2.945 billion and adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $6.275 billion, which is $100 million higher than our guidance increase in April. These midpoints exclude contributions from EnLink and the pending Medallion acquisition as well as related transaction costs in order to provide an apples-to-apples comparison with our original 2024 guidance. We continue to expect to meet or exceed our synergy expectations in 2024 and continue to identify additional related opportunities. Tailwinds from these synergies, sustained strength in our fee-based earnings, contributions from our acquired Easton assets and outperformance in our natural gas pipeline segment all contributed to our increased guidance. We continue to expect our total stand-alone capital expenditures including growth and maintenance capital to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion in 2024. This remains consistent with our initial guidance and does not account for EnLink or Medallion capital expenditures. As we look ahead, our financial outlook remains strong. And as noted, when we announced the EnLink and Medallion transactions, we expect ONEOK's total combined EBITDA for 2025 to be comfortably above $8 billion, which is double ONEOK's EBITDA run rate prior to the Magellan acquisition just two years ago. Following the close of these transactions, ONEOK expects pro forma 2025 and year-end net debt-to-EBITDA of approximately 3.9x and expect leverage to trend towards our previously announced target of 3.5x in 2026 as systems are integrated and growth projects are placed in service. I'll now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update.
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. Beginning with the Natural Gas Liquids segment. Rocky Mountain volumes increased 7% year-over-year, driven by higher propane plus volume from solid production in the region, partially offset by less ethane recovery year-over-year. The Mid-Continent region also saw lower levels of ethane recovery during the third quarter as natural gas and ethane prices presented fewer economic opportunities for recovery. Permian Basin NGL volume benefited from increased short-term volume on our system in the third quarter of 2024. We expect short-term volume to be replaced with long-term committed volume as we near the completion of our West Texas NGL pipeline expansion. In the Permian Basin, the completion of two third-party processing plants that we had expected to contribute to third quarter volumes were delayed. We expect these plants to be completed and flowing volume in the fourth quarter. We expect a step-up in Permian Basin NGL volumes in 2025 from the ramp-up of these two new plants, additional plants coming online, new contracts and new volume from EnLink plants ramping up system. The West Texas NGL pipeline expansion and MB-6 fractionator are on track to be in service by the end of this year. On the West Texas NGL expansion, the full pipeline looping providing capacity of 500,000 barrels per day is expected by year-end, with remaining pump stations to be completed in mid-2025. The Elk Creek pipeline expansion remains on track for our first quarter 2025 completion. In Phase 1 of our Medford fractionator rebuild is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2026 adding 100,000 barrels per day of capacity, with Phase 2 expected in the first quarter of 2027, adding the final 110,000 barrels per day for a total capacity of 210,000 barrels per day. This was our first quarter since acquiring the Easton Energy NGL assets, and we are happy with how these pipelines are performing and integrating into our Gulf Coast and Houston area systems. The system's existing capacity from Mont Belvieu to the Houston Ship Channel is performing at a higher utilization rate with throughput increasing by nearly 30% since acquiring the assets. We continue to expect to complete connections from the legacy Eastern system to our Houston-based assets beginning in mid-2025 through year-end 2025 which will help us realize additional synergies by maximizing the available capacity. Moving on to the refined products and crude segment. Gasoline and jet fuel demand benefited from a robust peak driving season and refinery maintenance across our system drove long-haul volumes during the third quarter. Total refined products volumes at nearly 1.6 million barrels per day was a new record for the system. In July, all of our tariff adjustments went into effect providing a mid-single-digit tariff increase across our refined product system. With the start of blending season in September, we didn't see much of an impact in the third quarter, but has seen an increase in blending activity since then. ONEOK continues to benefit from the ability to execute certain blending related commercial synergies between the natural gas liquids and refined product businesses. We expect these types of synergies to continue to ramp up as low capital synergy projects come online in the coming quarters. As it relates to growth projects, we continue to expect the expansion of our refined products pipeline system from Kansas to the Greater Denver area and Denver International Airport to be completed in mid-2026. In July, we provided a record volume of jet fuel to the Denver airport, further highlighting the need for additional capacity to this key market. Crude oil volumes shipped on our wholly-owned assets increased 10% year-over-year due to committed shipper volume ramps on Longhorn and increased volume from third-party connections to the Houston distribution system. Our current volumes are a good base going forward. We remain excited about the pending Medallion acquisition and what that will mean for our long-haul crude pipeline. Minimal volume from Medallion Gathering is flowing on Longhorn today and a modest amount of bridge deck volume originates from these assets. So we believe there is a great deal of upside and synergy opportunity in bringing our systems together. Over time, we expect an opportunity to direct more Medallion barrels through our long-haul pipelines as existing capacity on these medallion assets fill up. Moving on to the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. Rocky Mountain region processing volumes had another record in the third quarter, averaging nearly 1.7 Bcf per day. Volumes would have likely been higher, but we experienced planned and unplanned outages late in the quarter. These carried over into early fourth quarter, but are now back online. Part of the unplanned outages resulted from North Dakota wildfires in early October, that caused volume disruptions for about one-week due to producer shut-ins, power outages and high winds that also delayed completion crews. Our employees were quick to respond to these events and volumes have returned to levels seen before the fires. There are currently 40 rigs in the Williston Basin with 21 on our dedicated acreage. We continue to see benefits from the drilling of longer laterals and higher well performance on traditional laterals. We've updated our 2024 well connects expectations to a range of 500 to 530 well connects to reflect the higher volumes we're getting from fewer wells. Increasing gas to oil ratios in the basins continue to contribute to natural gas and NGL production strength. GORs in the basin are near all-time highs and combined with longer laterals support volume growth without requiring increase in drilling activity. We are currently seeing 42 rigs in Oklahoma with seven operating on our acreage and four on EnLink's acreage. We have seen additional wells drilled in oilier NGL-rich areas even as some wells in gassier areas of region have been delayed into 2025. We continue to expect approximately 65 well connects on ONEOK's acreage and expect approximately 90 well connects on EnLink's acreage in the Mid-Continent region this year. In the Natural Gas Pipeline segment, we benefited from higher firm and interruptible transportation rates in the third quarter. Strong performance so far this year, driven by firm demand contracts and a continued high demand for natural gas storage has positioned the segment well to exceed expectations for 2024. We continue to address increased natural gas storage needs of our customers. Recently activating three Bcf of previously idled storage capacity in Texas, and we remain on track to complete our Oklahoma storage expansion project in the second quarter of 2025. Both projects have firm contracts extending beyond 2030. Additionally, we now have access to significant natural gas storage through the EnLink system and we'll look for opportunities to best utilize our assets together in the future. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Sheridan and Walt. Before we wrap up, I want to take a moment to express my gratitude to our employees that have been affected by severe weather events across our operations over the past quarter from the recent wildfires in North Dakota, to the preparations for hurricanes on the Gulf Coast. These challenges have not only tested our operations, but have also disrupted the lives of our employees and their families. I sincerely thank you for your dedication to keeping our assets running safely and resiliently. Beyond that, I deeply appreciate the commitment many of you have shown to your communities whether through volunteer fire departments, relief efforts are fundraising events. And your contributions go beyond our business. They make a meaningful difference in the lives of those around you. Thank you for embodying our values and for making such a significant impact both within our company and in the communities where we live and serve. As we close out 2024, we expect an exciting and busy end of the year as we close our pending acquisition of Medallion and work toward Phase II of the EnLink transaction. Our employees have proven their ability to successfully integrate assets, systems and teams and to achieve meaningful synergies. I'm confident that with the support of our new colleagues from EnLink and Medallion and our talent  our teams will once again build on our strong track record of creating value for our stakeholders. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Maybe going back to Sheridan's comments about your natural gas infrastructure business, many of your peers have expressed enthusiasm in related to the robust growth outlook for natural gas infrastructure given the backdrop of power demand for a variety of reasons, including incremental demand from data centers. As commercial discussions have progressed over the past months and quarters, can you talk about how your assets situated within this backdrop and how you can participate in this being?
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, this is Sheridan. Yes, I think our assets are very well positioned there. Right now, we are in discussions or have 23 different projects across our system based on demand for natural gas. And of those 23, 10 of them, we've had people specifically site demand centers that they're working after. So we think we're in a very good position with our assets going forward. And then if you layer on EnLink's assets and what they're seeing on theirs, I think we are in a very good position to be able to capture a fair share amount of this growth in natural gas demand for data centers.
Theresa Chen: Okay. Thank you, Sheridan earlier for giving us the data points on the Medallion potential synergies to your long-haul pipeline. I'm curious, the current Medallion volumes, are they flowing primarily to Corpus or to Houston already, i.e., if they can go on Longhorn incrementally in BridgeTex, would the assumption be that they would also be additive to your Houston distribution system especially in light of Lyondell, still planning to close that refinery in that area in 2025?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, Theresa, we  some volume from Medallion obviously, as I said, is moving on BridgeTex is much smaller on Longhorn. Other volume for Medallion is moving on to the Houston area. Of course, some are still moving down to Corpus area. We think that, that's part of the big synergies we see with Medallion is to bring that volume on to our long-haul pipes through our distribution system going forward. In terms of the overall macro economics that we're seeing between Corpus and Houston, where as the Corpus pipes have filled up, we're seeing much more demand for people wanting to get into the Houston area even with the Lyondell going down. We're seeing more volume across our Seabrook terminal. We've seen other volume being exported out of the Houston area. So we think we're very well positioned at this time to be able to market volume coming off the Medallions system into the Houston area.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good morning. Ethane demand for the U.S. looks pretty flat for the next few quarters until more export facilities come online. Can you talk about what you think drives the minimum possible recovery of ethane in the Bakken, whether it's a certain amount of the stream to flow on the NGL infrastructure or if it's like hitting residue gas Btu spec. And I guess, more importantly, like how far away we are from that floor?
Sheridan Swords: Sure. We think about  you're right, the overall ethane demand is kind of flat right now. A little bit will change as crackers  the utilization rates on the crackers and on turnarounds and if they're all running. But overall, what we think really is going to start driving where ethane comes out, as we said before, is going to be the gas price in the region because really, you're looking at what can ethane be recovered in the region for sale into a Mont Belvieu price or sold as a natural gas price in that region. We continue to think there's going to be opportunities in the Bakken especially during the summertime where you see more depressed natural gas in that region, we will be able to incentivize that ethane to come out as we have in the past. We've also been able to do some of that in the Oklahoma at times when we see depressed prices in Oklahoma. We see that continue to continue  we see that continuing into next year. One thing will help us a little bit with that Matterhorn coming on in the Permian. We've seen  we should see some increase in natural gas prices in the Permian area, which will make it easier to bring it out of the Bakken because you'll need higher prices ethane to bring it out of the Permian.
Jean Ann Salisbury: That makes sense. Thank you for that. And then as a follow-up, a lot of the kind of plateauing of Bakken GOR for the past few years has been caused by Bakken operators moving into higher oil cut areas from talking to your producers, do you feel that, that rate of change to the oil areas has kind of stabilized yet?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. I think overall, it's stabilized. I mean, I think with a lot of things going into the production, what's happening on production up there and GORs, we've cited that how longer laterals have an impact higher IP rates that are driven by producers having more efficient operations or more completions and different techniques. All  a lot of things that go into the growth in volume, the growth in GORs and not only just the oil plays that they're going  that they're into now. But we think where they are now is where they're going to stay for a period of time.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Maybe could you just stay on the volume discussion in the Bakken I'm trying to square your comments that you made in the prepared remarks about volumes and GOR trends with some of the recent basin level data we're looking at, which seems to show crude volumes declining a bit the last few months, gas production kind of flattening out. So I wonder if you could just talk about what you're seeing across your footprint relative to the overall basin?
Sheridan Swords: We could still see that our customers are drilling at a level that they have been for a period of time. Obviously, we've had  the wildfires did have an impact in October for everybody as a lot of producers had to shut in wells to make sure we didn't have any issues with wells catching on fire. Also some of the unplanned outages on the natural gas processing side in the third quarter had a little impact on crude production. So I think there's a little bit of add normally on infrastructure up there at this time. But as we've got through that, we've seen volumes kind of move back to where we expect them to be at this time. So I think that's a little bit of noise you're seeing in some of the volume data that you're looking at.
Michael Blum: Okay. Thanks, Sheridan. And then I wanted to ask about this over $8 billion guidance  EBITDA guidance for 2025. If I just simply annualize the Q4 results, pro forma for a full year  a full quarter contribution for EnLink and Medallion, we're getting something around $8.3 billion EBITDA run rate. And that's before any full-year contributions from West Texas, Elk Creek, et cetera. So I just want to see if we're missing something there or is that over $8 billion kind of a conservative estimate? Thanks.
Walter Hulse: Well, Michael, I think we put the adder in there as that we were comfortably over $8 billion. So I can't argue with your math at all.
Michael Blum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Brendan Reddy with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brendan Reddy: Hey. Good morning. For the stand-alone adjusted EBITDA rate, I was wondering if you could maybe just parse through how much of that is attributable to the legacy asset sales that you guys had last quarter and the Easton NGL asset acquisition versus base business strength, which you guys talked a bit about in the prepared remarks?
Walter Hulse: I'm sorry, could you repeat that, please?
Brendan Reddy: Just curious if you could parse through how much of the stand-alone adjusted EBITDA guidance raise was the legacy asset sale that you guys had last quarter, Easton NGL acquisition and base business strength?
Walter Hulse: Well, the asset sale was actually caught up in the first guidance uplift. So as we moved into this $100 million increase, it's really against strength across all of our businesses, which we listed out in my remarks. So we're just seeing good momentum across all the businesses as we head into 2025.
Brendan Reddy: Got it. And on the Bakken, we've hit a couple of different times. But on the lateral length, it looks like that was lowered a bit for the 2024 guidance. Curious if you could walk through any drivers there that we haven't hit already?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. It just kind of depends on who's drilling the wells and what their acreage looks like and what they're trying to go forward. And so as we talk to them, there's been  some of them have delayed some of that may push out a little bit into 2025. So we made a little bit more in 2025. I will say the other thing we're also seeing lateral lengths and this kind of gets a little bit shadowed by the lateral lengths as we are seeing their completion techniques and the advancement in that and efficiencies of that really starting to shine through, and we're really starting to see really good volumes coming out of all the wells that are being completed.
Brendan Reddy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. I was hoping that maybe I could ask another question around the $8 billion 2025 EBITDA guide, specifically just curious to maybe some of the base assumptions around that, such as how you're thinking about for next year commodity prices or overall production along with your CapEx? And also maybe wondering, I guess, maybe you all are somewhat indifferent on these macro prices and volumes, given just the specific company upside you see post all your accretive deals?
Walter Hulse: Well, first of all, I want to just clarify that we didn't give 2025 guidance. We kind of gave you a directional outlook of where we see things going. And we will provide a whole lot more clarity around all of the different variables that you laid out there. In February, when we give our full 2025 guidance. But until we get there, we're going to leave it at the remarks we've made today.
Neal Dingmann: Okay. That's well taken. And then just a quick follow-up. My question is on ethane. I'm just wondering, could you specifically remind me, I guess the volatility that you all continue to see with the product, and I assume the weak natural gas prices will  such as we've seen in Waha, will continue to be the driver behind the recovery decisions?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. That's very true. The price of natural gas is going to drive, be the main driver behind our recovery. But that price of natural gas, you got to look at it for the regions. You've got to go all the way what's going to be  what's the price of natural gas in the Bakken, whats the price of natural gas is in the Mid-Continent, what the price of natural gas is in the Permian.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. I'll leave it there. Thank you all.
Operator: Your next question will come from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Hi. Good morning. First, I wanted to check in and see if the EnLink Conflicts Committee has determined the vote requirement yet to approve a sale of the public interest? And then are there any other procedural steps that are needed prior to ONEOK being in a position to offer to buy the remaining stake.
Walter Hulse: We haven't disclosed our intention to pursue the acquisition of all the outstanding public units of EnLink in a tax retransaction that would provide a meaningful dividend increase to all of the EnLink unit holders. And when we have further information to disclose around that, we will, when it's appropriate. But I would say that we have cleared HSR review for both Phase I and Phase II. So there are no more procedural types of things that we need to get through.
Keith Stanley: Got it. Thanks. Second one, I'm just curious on the $2 billion buyback plan through 2027 and given where leverage is, how you're thinking about capacity for buybacks next year specifically? And then kind of thinking back just more big picture, how are you viewing buybacks in the context of you just acquired GIP stake and EnLink and Medallion in what was a very equity friendly way as it was fully debt financed. Just curious if that impacts how you think about buybacks?
Walter Hulse: Well, I'm glad you pointed out that because I would  I could make the argument that we just did a $3.3 billion buyback by using that cash. But that said, we still have the same capital allocation strategy that we announced in January. The EnLink and Medallion transactions are roughly about 20% accretive from a free cash flow standpoint. So we will continue to have even more cash flow as we go forward to think about buybacks. We're going to let that leverage come down in line where we intended to before we change any of our predictions around buybacks, but we have not  at this point, we don't believe there's any reason to change the target on the $2 billion buyback that we've already gone out there, even though we did do a pretty big buyback with GIP as well.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Guys, my first question is, it's been almost a year now that you have been operating these Magellan assets. And generally, when the year has passed, there is always some upsides, the assets performed better than expectations in certain areas. So if you could highlight that, which is allowing you to raise the synergy and also if there is any area where you probably had to do a little more work than you initially thought to capture those synergies?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. This is Sheridan. Yes, as you said, we've been very pleased with how the synergies have come in and especially when we look into 2025, as I said in my remarks, we're going to start to see the small capital projects that we put in place in 2024, completed and see the earnings start growing from that. And those are where I think we were probably the most surprised going into this is some of the small acquisitions. I mean small capital project that we could do and the returns that we could get on that. So we're coming into a time that we're pretty excited about how we're going to see the businesses go together. I think the other area is just inefficiencies across any part of our system is we've got the two  when we get the two business groups together and got the people down in the business that really know how things are working, and they are really became innovative and how we can reduce cost to get butane to the right locations, how we can use other assets to move volume better through our systems. How we can connect the two systems together to take trucks off the road, moving butane to move them onto pipelines. How we think about projects to upsize pipelines going into the Denver International Airport. So I think there's a lot of things that we've been very excited about. I really haven't seen too much where we think that it was a lot harder than we thought it was going to be mainly I've been surprised that all the additional synergies that the two teams getting together have come up with and excited to see them really start to come together in 2025 and beyond.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up is exactly like you have seen over with Magellan. And you talked about some moving Medallion volumes on your systems. Have you also identified some growth projects stand-alone at the Medallion level which will allow you to grow the EBITDA from the assets which you're about to acquire?
Sheridan Swords: We haven't necessarily had the specific growth projects on Medallion that we put in there. We know there's going to be some. What I will tell you is we learned through Magellan as we have certain buckets that we're going to get synergies in there, but we know there's going to be even more than that once we start looking under the hood, and we start getting the teams together and really have them working together and figure out other ways to be creative that we'll find some of those low-hanging fruit, low capital projects that we hadn't thought of when we put it in the buckets when we went in through the acquisition.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question will come from AJ O'Donnell with TPH. Please go ahead.
AJ O'Donnell: Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just wondering if I could go to the updated consolidated financial guidance. Curious if you guys would be able to provide some comments as to the breakdown of the contributions. The increase is about $350 million to the midpoint of the stand-alone guide I'm just curious how those parts come together and if there are any early synergies from the deal that are included in that number.
Walter Hulse: Yes. No, I think that you can just look at the public data that we've seen out there, we clearly gave you our stand-alone guidance. So I think if you use EnLink, the Medallion will fall out as the piece that is there. As hard as we try to grab synergies in the first two months is that's a pretty aggressive challenge. So I think right now, it's pretty much just additive from the businesses as they come in, and we start to get the teams really ginned up to work together. So stay tuned on the synergies as we go into 2025.
AJ O'Donnell: Okay. Thanks. Then one more quick one. I realize the EnLink assets are pretty fresh. But now that they're under your control, just curious if you guys plan to continue with EnLink's growth capital backlog, particularly any of their growth projects around the Louisiana area?
Walter Hulse: Clearly, we're going to work with the team there to look at all of the projects and I think really look at what other opportunities we might be able to accelerate and look to really meet our customers' demand across all of their businesses. So we have not taken anything that was planned off the table, and we're going to spend time now to really look at those and prioritize where we see the growth opportunities.
Pierce Norton: And this is Pierce. The only thing I would add to that is we do believe that probably the majority of the growth will be related to the natural gas side of the business because the size of the pipes and because of the capacities. We've mentioned AI before, a lot of industrial corridors down there as things expand in those areas. So we feel very positive about the intrastate and the natural gas side of the business down there.
AJ O'Donnell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everybody. And thanks for the time. So first of all, just sticking to the consolidation theme. I was curious at the time of Magellan acquisition, I think the range for synergies was given was around 200 to 400 plus, one-year out, where do you think you are in that range as of now?
Walter Hulse: I think we might have our Medallion and our Magellan  if we're talking about one year out, you are really referring to the Magellan synergies at that point?
Sunil Sibal: Yes. So definitely to the Magellan synergies.
Walter Hulse: Okay. Yes. We do that all the time. We get the two of them mixed up as we talk about. I think we're right on track, if not ahead of schedule a little bit as it related to the synergies that we've outlined as part of our specific guidance. At the second quarter, we said that we were very comfortable that we would meet or exceed synergies. And I think we feel the same way today as we head into 2025 on the Magellan side. The teams, as Sheridan said, are working incredibly well together, and we're just finding more and more opportunities. And a lot of those were low-capital type of things that we've just been working on now and we'll start to see the benefits in 2025 and 2026. So we couldn't be more pleased with where we stand as it relates to the Magellan integration and how those synergies have come to the fold so far.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I realize you're pretty early in terms of EnLink and Medallion. But I was curious if you have any thoughts on further consolidation opportunities in this space?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. I think when we think about what we see in front of us, I mean if you look at the maps and tell where we've been looking, we think that the Mid-Continent on the G&P side, there's a lot of opportunities there. EnLink gives us a little bit more coverage, especially on the western part of the state. We have some more  using the two systems together, I think we're going to be more efficient, moving gas around. Obviously, we look down into the Permian. We've already talked about being able to feed and fill our assets with both EnLink and Medallion beating our long-haul pipes as we continue to go forward, we think being bringing a integrated value chain to the table that's going to make both EnLink and Medallion even more competitive on getting additional new volume in that area. And then as Pierce just mentioned, Louisiana, we think there's a lot of opportunities in Louisiana. And as Louisiana is a big demand center, both industrial and for AI out there.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: The last question for today will come from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. So just real quickly, things have shifted a little bit since you announced these latest deals a couple of months ago. Could you see any notable acquisition upside in terms of overall economics from a notable relaxation of drilling and/or LNG permitting regs. And through your latest acquisitions just enhance your long-term interest and ultimately getting into liquids exports.
Sheridan Swords: Well, Craig, this is Sheridan. What I would say as we look at Louisiana, obviously, there's a lot of LNG exports out of there. And with our pipe infrastructure there, we think that we have the ability with the larger diameter pipes that Pierce talked about to be able to pull volume through our system to be able to feed that LNG, the existing ones and new ones there. There's still ones that being talked about out there. And if there is a relaxation in the regs, I think you'll see even more come on to the Louisiana shore. So we like the position that EnLink puts us in there to be able to kind of be that last mile into some of these LNG facilities.
Craig Shere: Thanks. Any other thoughts about exports?
Sheridan Swords: As we continue to think a new  as energy continues to grow in the United States, it's going to be exported. And so we continue to look at where our position is there and evaluate where our needs are. And at the right time if we think we need to expand our abilities on exports, we will do it.
Craig Shere: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Andrew Ziola for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Well, thank you all for joining us. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter and year-end starts when we close our books early next year and extends until we release earnings in late February. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 02:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ONEOK Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instrctions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, and welcome to ONEOK's second quarter 2024 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder for Q&A, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call is Walt Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Sheridan Swords, Executive Vice President, Commercial Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing. Also available to answer your questions today are Chuck Kelley, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines; and Kevin Burdick, who is the Executive Vice President and Chief Enterprise Services Officer. Yesterday, we announced the second quarter 2024 earnings and affirmed our full-year 2024 financial guidance, with record Rocky Mountain region volumes, continued progress on acquisition-related synergies and solid demand on our products and services drove our strong second quarter performance and provide momentum into the second half of 2024. Increasing volumes across our gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and the demand for our natural gas pipeline services, combined with the strategic opportunities in our refined products and crude oil segments continue to provide confidence in our long-term growth and highly attractive returns across our business. We continue to identify opportunities to expand and to extend our systems with recent announcements tied specifically to the commercial opportunities and synergy-driven growth in our natural gas liquids and refined products and crude segments. In June, we completed our acquisition of a system of NGL pipelines from Easton Energy. This acquisition was unique and that it made sense for ONEOK even before the acquisition of Magellan because of the ability to capture value downstream of our Mont Belvieu fractionation assets. Now adding the legacy Magellan assets, and the value creation and return potential is even greater. In addition to acquisitions, we continue to see substantial organic growth opportunities. In July, we announced the expansion of our refined products pipeline to the Greater Denver area. This project will provide additional needed capacity for various transportation fuels, including aviation and sustainable aviation fuel to support increasing demand from the significant future expansion of the Denver International Airport. Also in July, we received our first shipment of sustainable aviation fuel at our Galena Park Marina terminal in Houston, facilitating growth with sustainable fuels in this market. These opportunities are all in addition to our previously announced NGL-related growth projects, including our MB-6 fractionation and expansions of our Elk Creek and West Texas NGL pipelines. Sheridan will provide a more detailed explanation of those projects and timing and more to that shortly. Long-term volume commitments, strong operating performance and a proven track record of supporting our customers with reliable capacity gives us the confidence in our future growth. And we remain committed to investing alongside our customers. Less than a year after the Magellan acquisition, we're already seeing significant synergies and discovering new growth opportunities that wouldn't have been possible for either company on its own. Our integrated assets are proving their value and our potential for additional growth remains. With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOK's second quarter 2024 net income totaled $780 million or $1.33 per share, representing an earnings per share increase of 28% compared with the second quarter of 2023 and a 22% compared with the prior quarter. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.6 billion. Results were driven primarily by higher NGL and natural gas processing volumes in the Rocky Mountain region, increased transportation services in the natural gas pipeline segment, the contributions from the refined products and crude segment. The sale of nonstrategic gathering and processing assets in Kansas contributed to a pretax net benefit of approximately $50 million during the quarter. We expect the full-year net benefit from the sale to be approximately $40 million when considering the earnings of the assets would have provided through the remainder of the year. As Pierce mentioned, we affirmed our 2024 financial guidance after increasing it with our first quarter earnings announcement. That increased guidance range included an expected adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $6.175 billion, with the high end at $6.325 billion. We continue to expect to meet or exceed our midpoint of $175 million in cost and commercial synergies in 2024 and expect additional annual synergies to meet or exceed $125 million in 2025. As of June 30, we had no borrowings outstanding under our $2.5 billion credit agreement. During the quarter, we extended the maturity of our revolving credit facility to June of 2028. In addition, our run rate net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 3.36x at the end of the second quarter, in line with our long-term leverage target of 3.5x. We have an approximately $480 million maturity due in September, which we expect to pay with cash, strengthening our balance sheet even further. This will position us well to continue returning value to our investors through a strategic and balanced capital allocation approach. Our approach remains and all of the above strategy, utilizing a combination of high-return capital projects, dividend growth, debt reduction and share repurchases. I'll now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update.
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. Beginning with the natural gas liquids segment. Volume growth from the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions of 17% and 16%, respectively, compared with the first quarter 2024 drove higher earnings in the second quarter. Rocky Mountain region growth was primarily from increased propane plus volume, with higher incentivized ethane also contributing. The Mid-Continent saw more ethane recovery compared with the first quarter, as well as contributions from overall NGL growth sequentially. In the Permian Basin, we had higher volumes committed short term in the second quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024 than in the second quarter 2024. We since recontracted much of that capacity with the volumes committed for longer terms. We continue to see opportunities to recover ethane across our system. Favorable ethane economics will continue to depend on natural gas values and ethane demand at petrochemical facilities. Dynamics through the remainder of the year could provide a tailwind to our modest ethane recovery assumptions and guidance. We've made significant construction progress on our capital growth projects, and now expect the West Texas NGL pipeline expansion and our MB-6 fractionator to be in service by the end of 2024. Our previous in-service estimates were the first quarter 2025 for both projects. On the West Texas NGL expansion, the full pipeline looping providing a capacity of 500,000 barrels per day is expected by year-end, with a few remaining pump stations to be completed to get to the full capacity of 740,000 barrels per day. The Elk Creek pipeline expansion remains on track for the first quarter 2025 completion. Additionally, today, with our expanding need for fractionation capacity, we are announcing a project to rebuild our 210,000 barrels per day NGL fractionator in Medford, Oklahoma. The project is expected to cost approximately $385 million and be completed in two phases, with the first expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2026 and the second phase in the first quarter of 2027. Rebuilding at Medford provides a number of strategic benefits. It is the lowest cost per barrel expansion option for ONEOK to help address the expected increase in NGL production. Its location in the Mid-Continent will further increase the reliability and resiliency of ONEOK's fractionation capabilities and will allow our integrated system to accommodate volume growth from the Permian, Bakken and Mid-Continent. The Medford fractionator will also produce additional butane and natural gasoline for incremental refined products and delivering blending opportunities in the Mid-Continent. As Pierce mentioned, we recently completed a strategic acquisition of NGL assets from Easton Energy in the Houston area. These assets will provide connectivity between our NGL and refined product systems and with key customers in the area. The acquisition came with associated earnings from existing volumes, and we expect to fill the additional capacity of this system, providing a very attractive return on the project through committed volumes we control. In addition to tariff earnings on the system, we also expect the acquisition to accelerate our commercial synergy opportunities primarily related to blending. The close proximity of our NGL and refined products terminals to major refiners in the Houston area and now improved connectivity presents considerable opportunities to capture value downstream of our fractionation assets. We expect to complete connections from the legacy Houston asset to our Houston-based assets beginning in mid-2025 through the year-end 2025. Moving on to the refined products and crude segment. Gasoline and jet demand was strong in the second quarter, supported by the beginning of a robust summer travel season. As it relates to marketing and optimization, we were able to optimize our assets through forward sales to capture higher margins on our liquids blending activity. As Pierce mentioned, we recently announced the expansion of our refined products pipeline system from Kansas to the greater Denver area, including an additional direct connection with the Denver International Airport. Total system capacity will increase by 35,000 barrels per day, with low-cost expansion opportunities available as demand continues to grow in these markets. Following a successful open season, the additional capacity is fully subscribed. The project is expected to cost approximately $480 million and be completed in mid-2026. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Rocky Mountain region processing volumes increased 10% year-over-year, averaging a record of more than 1.6 Bcf per day during the quarter. There are currently 40 rigs in the Williston Basin with more than 20 on our dedicated acreage. As we look to the remainder of the year, we are reaffirming our volume guidance due to the benefits we're seeing from the drilling of longer laterals and higher well performance on traditional laterals without the need for as many well connects. In the Mid-Continent region, we are currently seeing 35 rigs in Oklahoma, with six operating on our acreage. With current commodity prices, we expect producers to continue concentrating activity in the oilier and NGL-rich region -- areas in the region. And as natural gas prices strengthen towards the remainder of the year, we could see rig activity increase in the gassier regions. In the natural gas pipelines segment, we benefited from higher firm and interruptible transportation rates in the second quarter. The demand for natural gas storage remains high. Progress continues to be made on our current expansion projects in Texas and Oklahoma, which we both have -- which both have firm contracts extending beyond 2030. In the second quarter, we completed 2 Bcf of the Texas project and expect the remaining 1 Bcf to be in service next month. Our Oklahoma project is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2025. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Sheridan and Walt, for those updates. Before we conclude, I'd like to express my deep appreciation to our Houston-based employees for their incredible dedication through Hurricane Beryl and its aftermath. Despite challenging weather conditions and persistent power outages, they remain committed to ensuring the safe and reliable operations of our assets in the area. Many also faced impacts to their own homes, yet they continue to demonstrate resilience and professionalism. So I want to thank you personally for your dedication and the efforts that you showed during this aftermath of this event. ONEOK employees have consistently demonstrated dedication to responsible operations and doing things in the right way. As our business has grown, we have continued our commitment to our company-wide sustainability program and practices. This dedication has been recognized with the MSCI AAA rating and being named as one of America's Greatest Workplaces in 2024 by Newsweek. As we close our prepared remarks, we published our 16th Corporate Sustainability Group Report last week, highlighting our safety, environmental and governance programs. This report details our efforts and progress in these crucial areas as we continue to deliver the energy the world needs while innovating for the future. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Spiro Dounis with Citi.
Spiro Dounis: First one, maybe just to start with the guidance. Walt, if you just go back over some of your comments and guide for the year, you maintain the range, but I think in some of your comments there, you seem to mainly make reference to the midpoint and high end that if I combine that with Sheridan's comments around ethane being a tailwind in the back half of the year, seems to suggest like coming below the midpoint is getting a little bit more remote here. So one, am I kind of reading through some of those comments correctly? And if you think about that second half of the year, what needs to go right here to kind of beat the midpoint?
Pierce Norton: So Spiro, this is Pierce. Walt mentioned in his comments that we did raise guidance in the first quarter during that analyst call. Personally, I like, the team likes where we are and where we're trending to. And it does give us a lot of confidence in the back half of the year. So we're going to take a look at this guidance again as we come to you guys with some additional information in the third quarter. So that's the way I'd answer your question.
Spiro Dounis: No problem, we'll be patient on that one. Second one, maybe just going to double-ish. Of course, one of your peers has announced the conversion to an NGL pipeline up in the Bakken, where you've sort of enjoyed a lot of the market share there. So curious how you're assessing the risk to your Bakken position at this point? And is there a scenario where you actually see some of these volumes flow on OPPL and maybe into a ONEOK frac?
Sheridan Swords: Well, Spiro, this is Sheridan. What I would say is we were aware of this pipeline is to be considered as an alternative for NGL takeaway out of the region. And don't expect a material impact on our business. We have long-term contracts in the basin with a very small amount of NGLs in the Williston are up for contract renewal in the next 5 years. The average life on our contracts in the Williston Basin today is over 9 years. We think we provide a superior service, both with dual pipeline offerings, redundancy and reliability to our customers. And a seamless service from the Bakken to market centers in Conway and Mont Belvieu on one system with the overall best value through our integrated system. As we talk about volumes moving on -- could volumes move on OPPL, currently today, OPPL is on is full and on allocation. We control over 70% of that allocation. And I think if you think about volume coming on to OPPL, people must be assuming that when we complete the Elk Creek pipeline, we will move volume off of OPPL and that is not a foregone conclusion.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: This is Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Just wanted to pick up with synergies, if I could. Following the Easton acquisition, wondering if you could provide a bit more color on what you see this unlocking specifically for your platform, especially post Magellan acquisition? Just wondering if you could provide a bit more color on what could be accomplished.
Sheridan Swords: Sure, Jeremy. This is Sheridan. When you go back -- the Easton acquisition, we had our eyes on the Easton acquisition for a period of time because we saw that as a way to continue to move our product downstream of our frac directly through pipelines to end users. In fact, a lot of the product today that's on Easton comes from our fractionation complex in Mont Belvieu. But with the Magellan acquisition came up, what we saw was an opportunity to buy Easton to create a more capital efficient and faster way to connect our NGL and refined products systems, thus accelerating our commercial synergies through this acquisition instead of doing new builds which would take longer. So really, we're going to capture the synergies that we thought before. We're just going to capture it at a lower capital cost and faster.
Jeremy Tonet: And then just moving along, I guess, with producer activity, as you see it right now, wonder if you could provide a bit more color on how things are shaking out, particularly given Bakken well connects year-to-date versus your guide. Just wondering any thoughts you could share there.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I would just say that on the volume side, we still are -- reaffirmed our guidance on volume. What we are seeing is, as we have talked earlier about, longer laterals. And so the wells are producing more and more efficient. And so we see that we don't need as many well connects to reach our volume guidance that we have in there, and that's been a pleasant surprise this year. We knew we'd see some of it, but it's even more a pleasant surprise. So even you see that our well connects seem to be a little bit down. We're still very confident in our volumes in the remainder of this year and going into 2025.
Operator: The next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: I'd love to get your thoughts on the strength in the refined products and crude segment. Just puts and takes on what's driving that? Is it largely seasonal? Are you realizing the synergies ahead of schedule? And as we look to the second half of the year and kind of touching on the broader discussion of where you're going to land within your guidance, within this segment, as we see downtime in the Chicago area and the product margins as well as regional product spreads spike as a result, would it reasonable to think that would increase your earnings in the segment above what you typically budget year in and year out?
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, this is Sheridan. I think if you start off, it's kind of all of the above. We are seeing our synergy capture coming in very nicely and very strong, and that will accelerate through the remainder of the year. So we are very confident, as we said, that we will be it the cost and commercial synergies at or above the $175 million that we have outlined. We are seeing a little bit of seasonality, a little bit more volume in the summer months. But remember, as we get into the back half, the third quarter will -- our blending activity will ramp up. So we will see a growth in that time as well. And the issues we have in Chicago are creating a little bit of tailwinds for us right now. But we always anticipate we will see some refinery turnarounds throughout the year. So we're -- we feel very comfortable where we're sitting at today on both our synergies and where the refined products and crude segment is going to end the year at.
Theresa Chen: And then on your expansion project into Denver, can you help us think through the economics related to that expansion? And if there are additional opportunities as you assess the landscape within the segment to expand your infrastructure based on committed volumes to additional inland premium markets?
Sheridan Swords: Well, let's say, Theresa, on the expansion, this is a 5x multiple project on -- on 35,000 barrels a day. Obviously, we laid a 16-inch -- we're laying a 16-inch line into Denver, and that's why we say we have very cheap expansion capability on that pipeline as we anticipate volume to continue to grow. And if volume continued -- I mean if demand continues to grow and we need more volume on that pipeline system, we will go out for a subsequent open season.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank.
Tristan Richardson: Could you talk a little bit about ethane across the basin, seemingly strong recovery in the Mid-Con and in the Rockies? But this is ethane trending better than maybe you were thinking at the beginning of the year? And then just how you see the second half looking?
Sheridan Swords: Tristan, this is Sheridan. Ethane is going to be volatile. It's going to be up and down, as we said, it's going to be dependent on natural gas prices. That's why we've always put just a very modest amount of ethane recovery into our guidance as we look forward. Right now, we are seeing the Permian is in full recovery. The Mid-Continent at this time is in rejection. We do have -- have already locked in some incentivized ethane through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. So we see that going, and we'll just have to watch and see how the ethane market evolves as it changes. We do see that the petrochemicals are having a very wide spread -- ethane and ethylene, it's very wide right now. So they're wanting to run at high utilization rates. And so we anticipate that we will see some recovery in the ethane markets as we finish the remainder of the year.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it, Sheridan. And then maybe, Walt, curious you haven't offered anything on '25 CapEx yet. But just given that you've pulled some projects forward, and you've said in the past, you really expect a downtrend in '25 versus '24 CapEx. Curious if we should see that maybe amplified with some of the projects pulled forward into '24?
Walter Hulse: Well, Tristan, we were going to be finishing up those projects in '25. So clearly, the capital that was associated with the tag-in of those projects is going to move forward into '24, and that will be a positive for our CapEx in '25. We've added the Denver project spread over a couple of years that isn't really a material increase to our capital. So I think the trends we've talked about in the past continue to be true. And we're getting to that point, we're going to enjoy the operating leverage we have built into our system. And as we fill that demand, we're going to see that drop to the bottom line.
Operator: Next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: Several of your producer customers in the Bakken have announced mergers, Conoco and Marathon, Devon and Grayson Mill. Any thoughts on what you think that could mean for Bakken production and your business over time?
Sheridan Swords: Keith, this is Sheridan. One thing I'd tell you is, all those producers, all those on both sides of the acquisition up in the Bakken, we have very good relationships with them, not only in the Bakken, but also in other areas as well. And we think that they will -- as we've talked to them a little bit, we think that it's not going to have an impact on what's going on up there. They're going to continue their cadence of they do as drilling. There may be even some upsizing to the right as they go to the more better areas or more in the core areas and drill those a little bit faster. So we are feeling very good about the consolidation that's happened up there going into the hands of strength, and they will want to be producing up there for the long period of time.
Keith Stanley: And I wanted to follow up just on the Denver project. So I mean, the whole Magellan business has historically been viewed as a lower growth, kind of high return on capital business. But the Denver project is pretty material when you think about it. Are there other material opportunities across refined products besides Denver that you could pursue other areas of the system that are getting tight on capacity, you're seeing more of a demand inflection?
Sheridan Swords: We continue to look for those areas as well. We think there are some other opportunities. We continue to -- one is we can continue to think El Paso showed some strength as well as we have completed our expansion into El Paso, and it is running -- running full. We've actually had an open season on a little smaller expansion on there that was fully subscribed. So we're already seeing a little bit more growth in that area. And we're encouraged about that continuing to grow. And then our teams are continuing to look for different areas, synergies or growth that we can expand our system as well. So we are excited about the growth in the refined products and system that we think we will see it at a higher rate than has been typically seen in that business.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Wondering if you have any updates on potential AI data center-related projects on the -- in the gas pipeline segment?
Charles Kelley: Michael, this is Chuck. Yes, since we last spoke last quarter, as I mentioned then, we had 15 projects, potential projects across our footprint. Of those, there were 3 that specifically stated AI. Since then, we've -- our number is up about to 17 on the potential power plants, and of which 5 are AI demand specifically. Approximately across our footprint, these 5 are right in the neighborhood of a Bcf per day. So again, early stages, but more to come.
Michael Blum: And then just -- I was looking for an update on Saguaro. Any recent conversations and what's kind of the latest thinking there on timing of FID if that's going to happen?
Charles Kelley: Yes. I would just remind everyone, this really is a commercially strong project with world-class customers, and it makes great commercial sense. I mean you've got Permian supplies. LNG demand pull is competitively advantaged to the Asian markets. So MPL is working on the project financing to make their final investment decision. And at this time, we do not anticipate any material capital spend on our behalf here in 2024.
Operator: And the next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS.
Manav Gupta: My first question is, can you talk a little bit about ethane? Can you also talk about any butane blending opportunities in your system at this point of time?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, Manav, this is Sheridan. And we -- I mean, obviously, we have opportunities as we continue to integrate the refined products and NGL systems together that we are -- have the opportunity to take our butane and put it into our refined products instead of having to buy from a third party. So just from a sourcing and logistics savings, we're seeing that opportunity. And also, we continue to find ways to blend more butane into our refined products across our system by more automation and understanding, directing volumes through our system. So we are very pleased with where we're sitting on our blending strategy at this time. And obviously, we have found some projects too that takes some capital that will be more into next year. We'll see Easton being one of them, but we'll see greater blending opportunities next year as we put some of these capital projects, small capital projects in service.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up is you kind of mentioned earlier or hinted to it that '25 CapEx obviously now would be lower than '24. So your growth projects are kicking in and the CapEx is lower. So the free cash flow next year would be higher. I'm just trying to understand if there is a preliminary plan and how should we think about those uses of the extra cash that is going to come out in 2025?
Walter Hulse: Well, as we stated before, back in January, the Board did give us an authorization to buy up to $2 billion worth of stock. We remain committed to our level of capital allocation. Our first goal is always to find high-growth projects that are extremely accretive to our shareholders. Then we want to maintain that balance sheet. We've clearly demonstrated that we have a very strong dividend that we've maintained through some very difficult times over time and continue to grow. And then if we have excess cash, that does provide the opportunity for stock repurchases. We fully expect to complete that $2 billion program over the time frame -- time program that we had announced. And we haven't bought any today, as we mentioned on the first quarter call, because we do have this maturity coming up in September that we were going to focus our free cash flow on through that, and we will just allocate as appropriate as we get out in the coming quarters.
Operator: And the next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist.
Neal Dingmann: I just want to approach the data center question from a different angle, not really on new projects. And this might be early, but has the downward market activity in the last month change the conversation side of this at all? I would assume they're not changing their demand forecast in real time, but have there been any maybe pauses in conversations or do some parties want to take a step back? Or is everything kind of steady as she goes?
Charles Kelley: I'm sorry, Neal, could you repeat the first part of that question? You said something about the past...
Neal Dingmann: Yes. Just the downward activity in the market over the past month, has that impacted the conversations at all? Or is everyone still looking so long term that maybe downward activity over the last month is just kind of a blip?
Charles Kelley: No. As a matter of fact, it hasn't impacted the discussions at all. As a matter of fact, we see even more activity here this month and then in the next several months. So the markets are looking long term. And when you're looking at having to add facilities to serve these markets, that takes time. That's understood both by the power generators and the commissions that they answer to. So no impacts at this time.
Neal Dingmann: And then the second one, on Slide 10, you do a really good job of showing Williston Basin GORs and kind of how flaring has tailed off and maybe that relationship is related. But do you see that continuing? Is this more of an inventory just drifting with a higher GOR? Or -- or is there any other kind of plateaued on that trend?
Charles Kelley: I would say on the GOR question, we know that as wells age, the GOR goes up. So a little bit the movement in the GOR we see is more based on drilling activity as -- if you drill in an area that starts at a lower GOR, it may pull the overall GOR down for a little bit. But those wells, even wells have started lower will continue to grow. So we -- overall, we see the GORs increasing in -- as a general trend, increasing in the bottom.
Operator: And the next question comes from Neil Mehta with Bank of America.
Neil Mehta: I wanted to touch on the share repurchase. I think the leverage level over the last 12 months has been 3.36x, which you pointed out. Are you looking to buy back shares after the September debt maturity? Or are there other factors or criteria which you're waiting for to start executing on that $2 million program?
Walter Hulse: I think the plan is to allocate the capital as appropriate from the third quarter through the remainder of the program. So it's over several years. And we expect that to be executed in each of those years going forward. But it will obviously ebb and flow as we have opportunities to spend capital on high-growth projects in a particular quarter, then it will be allocated there. And other quarters, that will go in other directions. So -- but we are committed to completing the program over the time period that we have said, and I think on track with our plans with this maturity coming up in September.
Neil Mehta: My second question relates to the Medford rebuild. Could you talk about the decision to move forward with that? My understanding was that with the Magellan merger, you're able to batch NGLs up the refined pipes, so there was an ability to maybe replicate Medford with Mont Belvieu sending volumes up to Conway and then also with the Easton acquisition. So maybe you can kind of educate me on that, on the -- where I'm wrong or what's not connecting and how Medford benefits ONEOK?
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think the first thing on Medford benefits ONEOK is if you just do the math on 210,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity for $385 million, that is a very low cost per barrel capacity for fractionation. The second thing is what you're alluding to is could we take all our raw feed all the way down to Mont Belvieu and fractionate it and then turn around and take certain products and ship them all the way back up to the mid-continent and deliver them into the Mid-Continent. That is -- could be a possibility. This is a much more efficient way to do that, to have all those volumes not have to make that travel. And consume that variable cost will fractionate them in the Mid-Continent, be able to put them back into the Mid-Continent as we need it, but still have the ability to move them down into the Gulf Coast. The third thing it also does is by not having to move all that raw feed down all the way down to Mont Belvieu to fractionally bring it up, we are actually creating capacity on our Arbuckle system to be able to source even more raw feed into our -- into the Mont Belvieu system. So we're moving that volume off of the Arbuckle system, fractionating it in net burden and putting on the Sterling system. So it's a much better way to balance our system as we go forward. So our system was really designed to have Medford where it is, and it runs more efficiently that way. So we're pretty excited about bringing this facility back up.
Operator: And the next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Bros.
Craig Shere: Congratulations on the strong performance. I just have one question. It's obvious that you're finding ways to more than nickel and dime at very high return, stable contracting growth that is beyond what was originally guided with the MMP acquisition. But -- and this kind of relates to some of the questions that have already been asked. But it seems that apart from contracted stable, very high return growth that your asymmetric optimization opportunities between Y-grade or purely NGL transport with increased lending opportunities with the Easton acquisition and more that in any given year, I mean, it's not going to go down, but you have increasing asymmetric upside in a given year. Am I thinking about that wrong?
Sheridan Swords: No, Craig, I think you are thinking about that correct. Especially as we continue to put into place some of these low capital projects that I had mentioned about earlier, we are going to increase our blending opportunities, both with our blending our refined products, blending butane into gasoline that we do. But also with the Easton acquisition, we have customers at our terminals now that are also blending NGLs into their facilities. And this is going to really allow us to supply that -- those volumes into those locations and create a bundled service in there. We're looking at the whole value chain that we'll be able to attract even more volume into our terminals on the Gulf Coast down there. So yes, I think you are seeing that we will continue to grow this, and this is an area that we saw when we bought the Magellan acquisition and has been -- we've been very pleased with how it's playing out.
Pierce Norton: This is Pierce. I want to add one thing to what Sheridan says as a big picture comment is, as this company has gotten more diversified, it is harder to point to one thing that maybe that will drive our numbers down, which is I think what you're kind of alluding to is that there's not maybe as much downside as maybe we've had in the past. So I think that's one comment I would make to your question.
Craig Shere: And in Sheridan's point, it's not just the optimization I mentioned but increasing bundled opportunities, which would seem to be even more stable long-term returns that get the icing on the cake potential with the optimization that all of it's happening at once as you take these expansion and attractive bolt-on opportunities.
Operator: The next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global.
Sunil Sibal: I'm not sure if I missed this, but could you talk a little bit about the economics on the Medford project? How should we think about returns on that project?
Sheridan Swords: Well, on the -- incrementally on the Medford project, we are already -- even with MB-6 coming up online here at the end of this year, we still have need -- contracted need for more fractionation capacity. So what we took a look at is where was the cheapest fractionation capacity we could get and where is the best fit into our system. And also with the idea of bringing that much on with what we have contracted already today, we have a very nice project, and we do this a lot. We have a very nice project with a lot of upside on this capacity. And that's why we're going back at Medford that we will be able to grow into this as we continue to see volume grow across our systems, be able to have that fractionation capacity online to be able to timely meet our customers' demands as they continue to grow their system as well. So basically, we're saying we're putting in -- we're once again, putting in a very low-cost option that allows us to compete in all basins across our footprint.
Sunil Sibal: And then on the Bakken processing, it seems like a lot of commentary we hear is gas to oil ratios getting higher. And it seems like your processing system is running close to 85%, 90% capacity, but at least it was in Q2. How should we think about opportunities in terms of processing there in that region?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, we continue our -- I think I understand your question. I mean, our facilities up in the Bakken are running at a pretty good utilization, but we still have -- we're running at about 1.6 Bcf today. We have 1.9 Bcf capacity. So we still basically have a plan to be able to grow into or be able to handle turnarounds on our system as well. We will continue to monitor production growth at that time. And at the right time, we'd need to, we'll put more capacity in that region as well to make sure we can be able to service our customers out there that they have a very reliable alternative to move the -- both the gas and the NGLs to make sure they can produce their crude oil. Because that's really what they're after. They're after the production of their crude oil, and they just need to make sure they have a very reliable and resilient outlet for their gas and NGLs.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for any closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in October and extends until we release earnings in late October. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ONEOK First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Megan, and welcome to ONEOK's first quarter 2024 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions.
 Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings.
 [Operator Instructions]
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce? 
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.
 On today's call, is Walt Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Sheridan Swords, Executive Vice President, Commercial Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing. Also available to answer your questions are Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines; and Kevin Burdick, our Executive Vice President and Chief Enterprise Services Officer.
 Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2024 earnings and increased our full year 2024 financial guidance. Solid results during the first quarter were supported by higher year-over-year volumes in the Rocky Mountain region and contributions from the Refined Products and Crude segment. The efforts of our employees were highlighted once again as we were able to effectively manage through the winter weather during the quarter. Heating degree days were actually higher than normal in January, but it was the temporary acute cold and excessive wind that caused a deviation from normal operations. Volumes have rebounded across our systems, and we are continuing to see volume trends higher, providing additional confidence in our expectations for the remainder of the year. Our increase to 2024 financial guidance was driven by 2 primary key factors: first, favorable industrial fundamentals across our systems, which is supply and demand, that are contributing to volume growth and providing significant momentum for the remainder of 2024 and into 2025. And second, the continued confidence in our ability to realize meaningful commercial and cost synergies. We remain focused on the integration efforts following the acquisition of Magellan last year, and our management team has spent the past several months meeting with employees and visiting assets across all of our operations. Our employees see the value of our combined businesses and are excited about the opportunities ahead. Through collaboration between business segments and the innovation of our employees, we are on pace to exceed our 2024 synergy goals, while most importantly, putting safety first. We also see growth across our systems from producer productivity, favorable commodity prices and continued demand for our products and services or as we previously mentioned, favorable industrial fundamentals. One potential significant source of future natural gas demand is expected to increase in power generation required to serve AI-driven data centers. ONEOK like other natural gas pipeline operators will play a role. We have already had conversations with several of our large electric power generation customers and power developers, who anticipate the need for additional natural gas transportation to address this future AI data center-related power demand. As the need for future power generation increases, domestic natural gas demand is projected to increase. This is going to affect the entire midstream value chain, and ONEOK is positioned to play a meaningful role. Today, we serve numerous natural gas-fired power plants across our system, and many of those customers are looking to expand, some related to AI and others to address general power demand. We also continue to see supportive demand and fundamentals for the NGLs and refined products across our system. Ethane remains a highly preferred feedstock for the petrochemical facilities, NGL export strengths continue, and a seasonal refined product demand for travel and agriculture is picking up. We remain focused on expanding and extending our systems in ways that align with our customers and the market's needs. ONEOK now larger in scale, will continue to support our efforts to help address domestic and international energy demand, contribute to the energy security of our nation and maintain our critical role in the long-term energy transformation.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt. 
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. As Pierce mentioned, we increased our 2024 financial guidance expectations. We increased our 2024 net income midpoint to $2.88 billion and increased our adjusted EBITDA midpoint by $75 million to $6.175 billion. This new guidance also brings up the low end of our original range, reflecting the strong fundamentals across our businesses. We remain confident in our synergy expectations. Our updated guidance still assumes we will meet or exceed our midpoint of $175 million in cost and commercial synergies in 2024. We continue to expect that additional annual synergies will meet or exceed $125 million in 2025. Additionally, our total 2024 capital expenditure guidance remains unchanged at $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion.
 Now for a brief overview of our first quarter financial performance. ONEOK's first quarter 2024 net income totaled $639 million or $1.09 per share, and adjusted EBITDA for the period totaled $1.44 billion. Results were driven primarily by higher NGL and natural gas processing volumes in the Rocky Mountain region, increased transportation services in the natural gas pipeline segment and contributions from the refined products and crude segment. We saw higher consolidated operating costs in the quarter, primarily related to the timing of planned maintenance turnarounds, higher property insurance premiums and operational growth. Of note, this was the first quarter the refined products and crude segment was allocated its full share of corporate costs. 
 Therefore, compared with the fourth quarter 2023, we saw an increase in operating costs for that segment and a decrease in operating costs for the other business segments as they received a lower allocation of corporate costs. As of March 31, we had no borrowings outstanding under our $2.5 billion credit agreement and our run rate net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 3.8x. As it relates to capital allocation, we remain focused on delivering long-term value for our stakeholders through a balanced combination of high-return capital projects, dividend growth, debt reduction and share repurchases. 
 As previously discussed, we continue to see share repurchases as an important part of our capital allocation strategy and remain committed to utilizing our $2 billion share repurchase program over the next 4 years. We have significantly delevered our business in recent years, while still completing high-return capital growth projects and successfully closing a transformational acquisition. We are well positioned to continue returning value to investors through a strategic and balanced capital allocation approach.
 I'll now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update. 
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. Beginning with the natural gas liquids segment. First quarter NGL volumes increased 12% in the Rocky Mountain region year-over-year, including the effect of the mid-January winter weather. Volumes fully recovered in February and have been continuing to accelerate. April volumes averaged more than 400,000 barrels a day from the region, driven by record propane plus volumes on our system and modest ethane recovery levels. 
 The Elk Creek pipeline expansion remains on track for an early first quarter 2025 completion, increasing ONEOK's total NGL capacity from the basin to 575,000 barrels per day, enabling continued volume growth and providing needed NGL takeaway capacity. Mid-Continent region NGL volumes reflect the effects of first quarter winter weather in a full quarter without the low-margin volumes from the contract expiring in November of 2023. We expect to continue replacing the expired contracts volume with barrels at market-based rates ramping through 2024.
 Y-grade gas to crude ratios remain, making ethane the most preferred feedstock of the petrochemical industry, and ethane exports remain highly utilized. These dynamics could provide tailwinds for ethane recovery throughout the remainder of the year. Our current guidance includes modest incentivized ethane recovery in the Rocky Mountain region.
 Moving on to the Refined Products and Crude segment. We continue to see healthy business fundamentals and consistent performance. First quarter refined product volumes increased compared to the first quarter of 2023. From a liquids blending perspective, volume and margins were in line with our expectations for the quarter. With gasoline and diesel demand typically lower in the first quarter, we expect volumes to ramp in the coming months as we see a pull from agriculture activity and summer driving demand. Refined product volumes will also benefit from our pipeline expansion to El Paso, which is now fully complete. The majority of the 30,000 barrels per day expansion is contracted under firm long-term agreements.
 Moving on to the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. Rocky Mountain region processing volumes increased 9% year-over-year, including the effect of winter weather during the quarter. By the end of January, volumes had recovered to levels achieved prior to the extreme cold. Since then, our process volumes have continued to increase, averaging nearly 1.6 Bcf per day in April. There are currently 38 rigs in the Williston Basin with 20 on our dedicated acreage. We expect additional rigs to return as we are now into spring and for the trend of drilling longer laterals to continue. 
 Stable rig activity and longer laterals coupled with continued strength in our gas to oil ratios and additional producer efficiencies provide a compelling backdrop for significant Rocky Mountain region volume growth in 2024. In the Mid-Continent region, we were currently seeing more than 40 rigs in Oklahoma with 6 operating on our acreage. With current gas prices, we expect producers to continue concentrating activity in the oilier and NGL-rich areas in the region.
 In the Natural Gas Pipelines segment, we benefited from higher equity natural gas sales and increased firm and interruptible transportation in the first quarter. Natural gas storage continues to be in high demand. Our current expansion projects, including reactivating 3 Bcf of previously idled storage in Texas and further expanding our injection capabilities in Oklahoma, enabling us to market an additional 4 Bcf of working capacity. The Texas project will be fully in service in the third quarter of 2024, and the Oklahoma expansion will be completed in the second quarter of 2025. Both projects have firm contracts extending beyond 2030.
 Pierce, that concludes my remarks. 
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Walt and Sheridan. As you have heard, strength across our businesses is indicating a solid 2024 and already providing momentum into 2025. Before we take questions, I want to once again acknowledge our employees for your continued dedication and exceptional performance in the first quarter. Specifically, I'd like to recognize those of you who responded to the winter weather across our operations in January and our employees in Texas and Oklahoma, who were personally affected or [indiscernible] to the Texas panhandle Smokehouse Creek fire in late February and early March. Our focus on reliable and responsible operations and on supporting our communities is particularly highlighted during the events like these. I'm proud to work with individuals and teams who demonstrate a service mentality by being ready and willing to rise to the challenge. We're looking forward to the rest of 2024 and beyond.
 And with that, operator, we are now ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with the guidance increase, if I could, I want to dig into the component pieces there. When you're talking about volumes, it seemed like they rebounded in stronger. Just wondering if you could break down where across the system that is, if that's really the Bakken or other parts of the portfolio, you're seeing better-than-expected strength. And at the same time, you talked about the synergy realization maybe being better than expected or more confidence. And just wondering if you could dig in a little bit more detail on what the component drivers to that are as well? 
Sheridan Swords: Jeremy, this is Sheridan Swords. The first thing we think about volume across our system is a lot of it is coming out of Bakken. We're seeing a strong volume as we come out of winter and with the rigs that we have running, we see that increasing strongly throughout the year. So that gives us a lot of confidence on our volume expectation drains and we'll be more on the higher end of that. We also, in our refined product segment, we're also seeing good volume into the El Paso market as our expansion was completed and came online. 
 And for May, that expansion is already on allocation. So we feel that, that complete expansion and continue to see that go through the remainder of the year. So those are 2 areas where we're really seeing volume increase. As we think about synergies, synergies we've got in this company together and people working together, we are finding more and more synergies out there that we can execute on, and we will continue to see that growth through the remainder of the year, which give us even more momentum as we move into the 2025 time line. The other thing that we have going on is in the first quarter, we also had 2 large planned turnarounds, one in the refined products crude segment at our Corpus Christi terminal and the other one in our NGL segment at the MB-1 fractionator. This was a onetime event that really pushed up our operating cost in the first quarter that we won't see for the remainder of the year. So those are a lot of the things that give us confidence on raising our guidance. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then pivoting in your remarks, I think you touched on the potential for data centers to be a tailwind for the business over time, and just want to unpack that a little bit more. Do you see that as kind of a general thing that helps natural gas demand overall, or do you see the potential, I guess, for data centers materializing proximate to your footprint where in Oklahoma, West Texas, what have you, where there could be more, I guess, direct opportunities? 
Pierce Norton: So Jeremy, this is Pierce. So I think it's kind of all of the above. There's -- we -- if you go back the last 20 years, electrical generation load between things that were added as far as devices that you have to charge versus the efficiencies that we got from LED pipes and those kind of things, pretty much offset one another. So it's been really flat for the last 20 years. Kind of for the first time in a couple of decades, we're seeing a lot of momentum for needing more energy for these data centers. And a natural quick solution to that is natural gas. So we do see that, that's going to increase natural demand here specifically over the next half decade here and probably even more. 
 When you look at it, it's yet to be seen which area is actually developed more, which means that you put a data center next to where electricity is already there, and they've got enough capacity to generate the load, or you switch over to putting a data center close to, say, a pipeline where you can literally generate the electricity from a natural gas-fired generation facility, this located right beside the AI data center. So yet to be seen exactly how that comes. We've seen some interest in different areas of our system. And it's something that we're going to continue to focus on and to see just what the pace of that is going to be. But I think it's kind of all of the above. 
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. So on that last point, you're in current conversations with potential customers that could be proximate to your assets, I just want to make sure I have that right. 
Pierce Norton: Yes, we are. And whether or not it's proximate to our assets, we serve quite a few utilities. So we've had a lot of calls from utilities as well. It's yet to be seen exactly what kind of infrastructure is going to be needed in both cases. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Citi. 
Spiro Dounis: I wanted to go back to the synergies quickly, if we could. Sheridan, it sounds like in some of your comments there, you're saying you're sort of finding even more as time goes by. And I was wondering if you could tie that back to your prior targets when you talked about $400 million of synergies with upside to $800 million. I think a lot of that was sort of probability-weighted. So I'm curious, are you sort of getting closer to that $800 million number? If you could maybe just provide some examples of where you've been most surprised? 
Sheridan Swords: Yes. Spiro, we are getting more confident in moving up the ladder as we see more opportunities come out there. And we're kind of seeing it all across parts of our business. We're seeing it from as how we optimize our storage, we're seeing it how we are combining the 2 assets to make logistics savings better, we're seeing it as we tie the systems together, how we can demand pull NGLs in the refined products. So we're seeing it across all aspects of our business that we've talked about. 
Spiro Dounis: Great. That's helpful color. Oh, sorry. 
Kevin Burdick: Spiro, this is Kevin. The other thing I'd just add in there is we pull in all these opportunities that Sheridan talked about, not only there, but also we continue to identify opportunities on the G&A side as well from a cost reduction standpoint. When we pull all that in, we prioritize them. We understand what the value is, the timing, any cost, and then we get people assigned to them. And I think it's that transparency and accountability internally that help us get the confidence of what we're looking at and those numbers continue to improve. Spiro, this is -- the only thing is it's a comment of you get what you measure, and we are measuring our synergies. 
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Got it. Helpful. Second question, maybe just turning to CapEx, maybe for you, Walt. Some of your peers have started to provide this sort of normalized CapEx figure that allows them to keep growing with the basin. I guess I'm just curious maybe how we should think about that for ONEOK, especially as we head into 2025 in the first quarter, you've got 3 major projects coming online. It would seem like that CapEx [indiscernible] coming down. So just curious how you guys think about what normal looks like on the CapEx side? 
Walter Hulse: Spiro, I'm not going to go down the 2025 guidance route yet. But I think it's fair to say you've identified directly that we've got 3 decent-sized projects that will all roll off early in 2025. So as we look at CapEx going forward, we have much more manageable, lower capital, very high return opportunities that are presenting themselves. So I think it's fair to say that we would see that trend down. And if you were to look longer term for a kind of sustainable CapEx level, it probably is lower than where we are for 2024. 
Operator: Next question comes from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank. 
Tristan Richardson: Maybe just a minor one on the guidance increase. Should we think of the small Saddlehorn acquisition as part of that increase in expectations for the year? And if so, maybe kind of what proportion of the guidance increase could we attribute to the acquisition? 
Sheridan Swords: Yes, we did put a little bit of the Saddlehorn increase into our guidance, that was part of it. But it's a small portion. You could see we probably increased and that we'll get from Saddlehorn by about 1/3. 
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it. 
Walter Hulse: We've known that was coming for a little bit of time. So it's not like that, that was the primary driver of the expansion. It's across -- it's really seeing strength across our entire business. And of course, a little more Saddlehorn doesn't hurt. 
Tristan Richardson: Helpful context. We appreciate it. And then maybe just more of a housekeeping one. How should we think about maybe the corporate cost allocation? You guys noted a $33 million change within refined products crude. Should we think of all of that is attributable to moving the corporate costs around? Or maybe is there a way to think about for the full year '24, maybe what percent of total corporate costs get allocated to the segment just as we think about refined products and crude modeling? 
Walter Hulse: I would look over a couple of quarters to see a trend there as we do that. We're -- this was the first quarter that we allocated corporate costs to that. So surely, we took a look at it, but there could be some other corporate costs in the first quarter that might skew a little bit. So I would look over the next couple of quarters to get a trend, but it will proportionately carry its fair share kind of based on EBITDA contribution. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. 
Michael Blum: I wanted to go back to the AI data center discussion a little bit. When you look at your gas pipeline network, how much room is there to expand capacity via compression versus having to actually build new pipe? And then if you were to increase gas pipeline capacity to serve higher power load growth, are there any upstream benefits that you'd also see? 
Charles Kelley: Michael, this is Chuck. As far as capacity adds that we could look at along our footprint. As Pierce mentioned a couple of times here today, we are in conversations with existing customers on our pipes connected to little more than -- I think the number is 40 gas-fired generation facilities today. We're working -- there's about 15 potential projects on our systems today. Not all of those will come to fruition, but the conversations are ongoing and of the 15, we're seeing probably 3 or 4 of those folks saying the demand is derived from the data center. 
 So we are looking at several projects that would add [indiscernible] looping as well as some compression depending where we are on which of our systems, whether it's the interstate up in the upper Midwest in Oklahoma, not necessarily looping but rather some compression projects. So it's kind of an all of the above capacity additions. And I don't recall the second part of your question. 
Michael Blum: Second part was about any upstream benefits. 
Charles Kelley: Upstream. 
Pierce Norton: So Michael, what I would say there is it's going to be a little bit of a longer answer here. But you came at it from the question of what's the capacity of an existing line, and you put more demand on it, and what does that look like. I'll just paint a scenario, which don't take anything from my comments that we're far along in this. But if you were to put a data center in North Dakota, it's a cold weather area. It's very advantageous for data centers, and you connected it, say, to the tailgate of one of the plant. 
 Then you're taking load 24 hours a day, and that's loaded, it frees up on transportation of gas that goes elsewhere out of that basin. We do have space to do that, but that's one way to kind of tamper down maybe a future expansion out of the North Dakota area on the transmission lines, whether or not that WBI, whether or not that be Northern Border, or actually some other generated facility for natural gas electric power generation. So that's just one example of the way I could see that it's kind of a long way of answering your question, but that's what I would see a benefit to the gathering and processing business. 
Michael Blum: Okay. Perfect. And then just wanted to go back on Saddlehorn for a second. I realize it's a small acquisition in the grand scheme of things, but I wonder if you can just talk in terms of strategic rationale for that asset to why you want to own more of it? And just also from a capital allocation perspective, and why that makes sense? 
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. I think the first thing on why we won't own it. We operate that pipeline. It's coming out of an area that we see growth in crude. In fact, the last couple of months, Saddlehorn has been fully allocated. And the third is, as this was kind of instigated by [indiscernible] that has a lot of connectivity up in the area, and they're seeing a benefit as well, which gives us more confidence that this is a good asset to own more of. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. 
Theresa Chen: In terms of the synergy outlook, just near term, looking at the upcoming maintenance in Wink to Webster, is there a room from a crude oil marketing activity perspective across your assets for additional synergies to capture what would likely be a temporary and volatile [indiscernible] backdrop and using the excess capacity you have on a BridgeTex or maybe Longhorn to small extent. I realize that this does not neatly fit within your 4 categories of synergy buckets, but given that you are a significant market of commodities in general, could this be a source of additional upside? 
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, this is Sheridan. Yes, we do see -- we've always, from the beginning, saw opportunity in marketing crude oil to bring volume to our system. Specifically, right now, as we think about what's going on in the next 2 months, with the [indiscernible] differential kind of blowing out, we're naturally seeing more volume come to BridgeTex. 
 That volume is up quite a bit. And it's part of the reason we're even more confident that's going to continue and confidence in increasing our guidance as we go forward. And with some of the maintenance that is coming up on certain pipelines, we haven't factored that in yet, but that gives us even more confidence that we'll see some strong volumes, crude coming out of the Permian on our system. Marketing will add to that, but that will probably be a little bit more longer term as we get later on the year. 
Theresa Chen: Got it. And going back to the AI theme, this has come up so much in recent weeks and months, but related to natural gas transmission and storage assets. And I'm just wondering if you have any early indications or thoughts on just quantitatively, what this could mean as far as the size of the EBITDA opportunity for ONEOK? 
Walter Hulse: Well, first of all, I think you've got to look at the size that we currently are making $6.175 billion in EBITDA. And I think you've got to look to see what kind of pace it's at. I think it's really just too early to tell. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. 
Sunil Sibal: So I just wanted to understand a little bit on the growth prospects. When you think about beyond the projects, which are kind of get completed in the first half of 2025, so I was curious how would you put your growth opportunity beyond that in the 4 business buckets that you have, and then on the same line, how have your hurdle rates changed, if any, in the current environment versus the environment we had a couple of years back in terms of interest rates, et cetera? 
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan, again. On growth projects, we are continuing to, on the synergy side, continuing to see low capital/high multiple type growth projects that we are baking in as we continue to go forward. They're coming all the time. We get more and more of them, but they're kind of factored into our overall capital plan already. [indiscernible] that we would capture this. But we continue to get more excited about that growth that we see different growth projects as it relates to synergies and bringing them together. 
Michael Blum: Okay. 
Charles Kelley: I think as you were asking, I think what you're asking about the interest rates. We aren't a company that relies heavily on short-term debt. All of our debt has termed out. And we have cash called the last 3 bonds that we had matured. And we've said that we expect that, that will probably be the case later this year that we would go down that path. So occasionally, we're in and out of the CP market to cover month-to-month type of things. But our business is generating cash flow to be self-contained, and so we don't see any real impact from higher rates going forward. 
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Understood. And then one kind of operational one for me. It seems like in Permian, NGL volumes were a little bit weak sequentially. And I was curious [indiscernible] toward the end of weather issues there. And then in terms [indiscernible] expansion, if you could update us on the contracting there? 
Sheridan Swords: Yes, on the Permian [indiscernible] sequential in the Permian is really weather. We had the impact of weather out there. And one thing we noticed in the Permian, they're not used to weather. And any time they get any kind of weather, it takes them a little bit more to get back up and going. So we saw some weather impact the first quarter and it was a big reason for the volume decrease. As we think about contracting going forward on our West Texas pipeline expansion, it is going as we had planned. We continue to contract more volume on that. 
 We are right where we think we need to be as we continue to go forward. We are going to continue to leverage that into the future for more plant connects and to feed or transportation and fractionation business. As we have said earlier, we already have contracted 2 plants that will be coming on this year. We have another one that's expanding. And recently, we've actually signed up some more people as well to bring more volume onto the system. So like I said, we are very comfortable where we are with the contracting on that system today on that expansion. And the expansion is on time, on budget, coming up in the first quarter of 2025. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Bank of America. 
Neil Mehta: I had a couple of questions on the guidance increase. So first, it seemed like the [indiscernible] rate was $1.21 an Mcf, which was a little bit higher than the high end of the range of $1.15 to $1.20, which is the guidance. Is that something that we should roll forward? Or is that something that occurred with maybe [indiscernible] in the first quarter. And then second on that part, should we expect kind of a linear increase in volumes in the Bakken? Or should we expect another weather downturn in 4Q in terms of your budgeting? 
Sheridan Swords: Neil, this is Sheridan. The first thing on your increase on the earnings on the fee rate. A lot of that is driven by our inflationary escalators that are coming in. And to a lesser extent, volume coming from certain customers that may have a different fee structure in there. And yes, we do think that will continue going forward, that fee rate. On the volume cadence coming out of the Bakken, it can be a little bit lumpy as we bring on compressor units and everything else. 
 We'll sometimes will have some big volume coming in. We do always budget for winter weather in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. But as you saw in '23, the fourth quarter did not have any weather and all the weather showed up in the first quarter. But we spread it out over the 2 quarters in a budgeting standpoint, but we know it doesn't all show up evenly across those quarters. It usually concentrates in 1 quarter or the other. 
Neil Mehta: Got it. And then I wanted to clarify on the AI theme. I know this is still very early innings. But curious, I wanted to follow back up on kind of the opportunity you see there in North Dakota with the advantageous weather temperatures, et cetera. Are you seeing opportunities from the wellhead to move lines to CCGTs or more so from CCGTs to data centers? And is this kind of geographically concentrated with your opportunities within your NGL footprint in the Bakken? Or are you seeing things outside of the Bakken and perhaps the Permian and Mid-Con as well? 
Walter Hulse: Well, first of all, you're not going to take it out of the well hit because the GPM or the gallons per thousand of liquids that's associated with that gas is just too high to tie it in back there. So you're going to need to get downstream of a plant. And I would also tell you that that's a theoretical scenario at this point, and that's something that we'll be exploring in the future with multiple different players. It could happen in any one of our basins. It's just that it's a little more advantageous where you can locate one of these things where you get some really good kind of lower natural gas prices. 
 And you got a lot of natural gas supply and the weather actually is colder, you have more kind of heating degree days. So therefore, it lessens the cooling load that you're meeting on these AI facilities. So the thing I would probably say again about AI, more to come. We'll have more updates on these in the coming quarters. But again, I don't think it's necessarily going to be material in the short term. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. 
Keith Stanley: First, just a follow-up to Neil's question, but on the Rocky's NGL bundled rate, that was up nicely to $0.30 in Q1. What drove that higher? And is that a good run rate for the balance of the year? 
Sheridan Swords: What drove that -- Keith, this is Sheridan. What drove that rate is less incentivized ethane that came out, so that rate is going to depend a lot on how much incentivized ethane we come out because obviously, we're bringing that out at a lower rate. But that $0.28 to $0.30 is going to be -- maybe even a little higher than that, depending if we get volume continue to ramp up and we have to manage capacity on Elk Creek through backing out of ethane for C3+, you could see it go a little bit higher there, but it's going to be in that range. 
Keith Stanley: Okay. Great. Second question just on going back to Saddlehorn, but are you optimistic that you could find other bolt-on type opportunities like that over the course of the next year, or was that more of a one-off with Western's process? I noticed you didn't list acquisitions as part of the capital allocation priorities in your remarks? 
Pierce Norton: So this is Pierce. What I would tell you is we're always looking for opportunities to expand our footprint out there. That's one of the things that we look at. As far as M&A goes, we continue to be focused and actually very pleased with the integration as it's related to Magellan. So at this time, our -- that is our organization's primary focus is on the integration of what we just acquired last year. I'd say that future M&A will be the same as it always has been here at ONEOK. We're going to be intentional and disciplined about what we look at. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Dingmann with Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for the time. My first question, just looking at your NGL [indiscernible] throughput on the raw volumes there. I'm just wondering, it looks like the range is a little wider in this run. Could you discuss some drivers behind that and how this is shaping up sort of year-to-date so far? 
Sheridan Swords: Neil, could you repeat that question one more time? 
Neal Dingmann: Just looking at the -- I'm looking specifically at Slide 8 around that NGL [indiscernible] throughput volumes and just sort of looking on expectations behind '24. And it's not terribly Y, but just wondering what would cause that to trend towards the higher side and how that's looking sort of year-to-date? 
Unknown Executive: On our raw NGL volumes. One of the big things on the raw feed NGL volumes that's going to make it go up is ethane recovery. And we've come out and said that we're going to have -- naturally the rockies is going to be in rejection, but we're going to have opportunities to incentivize that. And I also said we're going to manage our capacity in our pipeline at Elk Creek until we get the expansion on, is up more to the high end of its capacity. Then you have the Mid-Continent, where we have said that's going to be kind of in and out of ethane recovery. So is that more -- we have the opportunity to -- as prices spreads stay wide like they kind of are today, we'll see more ethane throughout the year come out, which will drive that up, your raw fleet throughput up. 
 And then out of the Permian, we've always said that's going to be in full ethane recovery from here on now. So the biggest one is going to be ethane recovery. Obviously, we are seeing we've talked about volume in the Bakken that looks really, really good. We're also seeing plentiful of rigs in the Mid-Continent drilling in different areas in some of the oil-rich areas, some very high GPM areas, that as we go through this year, we're cautiously optimistic that we're going to see really good growth there as well. So those are some of the areas we see could push it to the high end, but definitely ethane recoveries, the biggest swing here in 2024. 
Neal Dingmann: Very helpful. And then just a second question on your natural gas pipeline earnings, I'm just wondering, part I saw of the sequential increase was driven by that earnings was driven by the higher natural gas sales volumes previously held in inventory. I'm just wondering, is that something you anticipate to continue to see potential upside from these incremental volumes in inventory? I mean is there -- is that more to come, or what should we think about with other volumes around associated around that? 
Charles Kelley: Yes, Neil, this is Chuck. Seasonality, obviously, the prices are higher in Q1. So when we set up our Bridge Town  each calendar year, we look at our portfolio of equity gas and choose where we're going to -- what months we're going to sell that in and try and optimize our value there. So that was part of our plan going into Q1. Obviously, you've seen gas prices fall here in Q2, so you've got seasonality at work. So we'll just be -- throughout the summer, we see electric generation pick up, and we'll see prices spike, we may sell into some of that. And then again, we may still into be seasonal back to the winter months next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
 Sheridan, back to that $0.20 to $0.30 Williston NGL bundled rates question and this issue of incented ethane recovery. Are you seeing the spread of ethane discounts required to incent recovery less than historical to the degree that we ramp up ethane. Do you see that having relative to history, less of an impact? 
Sheridan Swords: Craig, what I'd say right now is we -- in the incentivized ethane that we've done so far this year, it has been at or maybe a little bit above what we've done, what you'd say more as a run rate in the past. A lot depends on not just the price of ethane, which we have good demand for ethane on the Gulf Coast, but also what the price of natural gas is in the Bakken. And so you got to look at the spread between those 2. But so far, we have been very pleased with what we've been able to incentivized ethane in it. 
Craig Shere: Got you. And just to finish off, do you see prospects for ethane being tailwinds year-over-year even into 2025? And separately around the Conway to Mont Belvieu basis spreads, that seems to have contracted last couple of quarters. Do you see that stuck in the doldrums for a while? 
Sheridan Swords: Well, I take the last one. On the Conway to Belvieu spread. That has -- actually, we have had opportunities. If you look at the average through the month, it may be [indiscernible] we've had some opportunities to lock in some fairly good spreads. And our system is set up that we can lock in by component Conway to Belvieu or Belvieu to Conway. We can lock both of those in as we go forward. We've been happy where the spreads have been at this time. Obviously, we'd always like them to be a little bit wider, but we've been able to take advantage of them. 
 They're not going to get as wide as we saw in a long time ago where they were double digits, not going to get there because there's still plenty of capacity to move product in between the 2 basins. But I think they're going to be at an acceptable range that we are going to be able to meet what our expectations are in our guidance or even exceed it. 
Craig Shere: And I'm sorry, what did you say about thoughts about ethane into next year? 
Sheridan Swords: I think as we go into next year, what you're doing is you -- we're continuing to have the ability to recover more ethane as production continues to grow in all basins. You will -- we're kind of waiting for the incremental ethane exports coming online that we'll see some coming on next year and '25 in the year after that. And so [indiscernible] are running. And right now, with this Y crude-to-gas ratio that you're seeing on a global scale that puts the United States ethane, petrochemical ethane crackers at a huge advantage that we're going to see them continue to try to run as hard as they can. 
 So I think you'll see the strength [indiscernible] will be running harder, but you will see a little bit more ethane coming out due to more production. We still, as we get going to how we set up our system, we still see that the Bakken is going to be an area that we will be able to incentivize ethane out at a nice rate to be able to bring it into the stack wherever that stack even if we have more volume coming out of the Mid-Continent or the Permian, we still think we can fit the Bakken in there at a nice rate. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for any closing remarks. 
Andrew Ziola: All right. Well, thank you, everyone. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in July and extends until we release earnings in early August. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you again, and have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ONEOK Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Drew and welcome to ONEOKs fourth quarter and year end 2023 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder for Q&A, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, I will turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. On todays call is Walt Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Sheridan Swords, who is our Executive Vice President, Commercial Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing. Also available to answer your questions are Chuck Kelley, our Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines and Kevin Burdick, who is the Executive Vice President of Chief Enterprise Services. Record volumes, strong financial performance and the closing of the Magellan acquisition solidified 2023 as a year of significant growth and transformation for ONEOK. Momentum from our operations in 2023 is setting the stage for additional growth in 2024. With our earnings release yesterday, we reported double-digit NGL and natural gas processing volume growth year-over-year and continued fee-based earnings growth in all three of our legacy business segments. We also provided 2024 guidance along with some insight into 2025 and beyond, including an expectation for double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in 2024. Walt will provide more detail on our guidance, which is underscored by solid business fundamentals, demand for the products that we deliver, and a full year of earnings contribution from our refined products and crude oil segments and the initial realization of acquisition-related synergies. Before I turn the call over to Walt, I want to share a few data points that help sum up the exceptional growth ONEOK has experienced in recent years. While our business continues to transform and to look to the future, its still important to reflect on what has already been accomplished. Ill share just a handful of highlights, but there are many more. First, 2023 marked ONEOKs 10th consecutive year of adjusted EBITDA growth throughout various commodity cycles. Over the same time period, we have increased dividends paid to $3.82 per share from $1.48 per share, a more than 150% increase. And in January, the Board approved another increase. Our volumes out of the Rocky Mountain region have set numerous records. Over the last 5 years alone, NGL volumes from the region have grown at a more than 20% annual growth rate and natural gas processing volumes have grown at a 10% annual growth rate. We have continued to expand our asset portfolio, increasing our extensive pipeline network to more than 50,000 miles from approximately 30,000 miles in 2013 and adding nearly 2 Bcf per day of natural gas processing capacity and 3 fractionators. And finally, through all of this growth, both internally and by acquisition, weve continued to prioritize safety and our sustainability and ESG-related performance, consistently ranking towards the top of our industry peer group, including a AAA rating from MSCI. We have achieved a great deal in recent years. And over the course of our companys history and now with a more diversified portfolio of assets, we are even better positioned to make the most of future opportunities. With that, Ill turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. Before I get to guidance, Ill start with a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. ONEOKs fourth quarter and full year 2023 net income totaled $688 million and $2.7 billion respectively. Adjusted EBITDA totaled more than $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter 2023 and more than $5.2 billion for the full year. While there were a number of unique items contributing to the significant year-over-year increase in results such as the Medford settlement and the Magellan acquisition, the strong performance from our legacy business segments continued. Even excluding these unique one-time items, ONEOKs adjusted EBITDA would have increased more than 15% year-over-year. As of December 31, we had no borrowings outstanding under our $2.5 billion credit facility and had more than $335 million of cash on hand. In 2023, ONEOK extinguished $1.3 billion of long-term debt, contributing to a fourth quarter 2023 run rate net debt-to-EBITDA ratio in line with our previously discussed target of 3.5x. In January, we increased our quarterly dividend 3.7% to $0.99 per share or $3.96 per share on an annualized basis. Going forward, ONEOK expects to target an annual dividend growth rate ranging between 3% to 4%. We also announced a $2 billion share repurchase authorization, which we target to largely use over the next 4 years. This program is complementary to the dividend growth rate when thinking about shareholder return in the future. Over the next 4 years, ONEOKs combination of dividends and share repurchases is expected to trend towards a target of approximately 75% to 85% of forecasted cash flow from operations after identified capital expenditures. Our commitment to maintaining our financial flexibility and taking advantage of attractive return, capital growth opportunities that complement our now larger and more diverse operating footprint continues to be the highest priority in our capital allocation strategy. This commitment will continue to create value for our investors and support ONEOKs position as one of the midstream leaders of return on invested capital. Now moving on to 2024 guidance. We provided a net income midpoint of more than $2.8 billion, an EPS midpoint of $4.88 per diluted share and an adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $6.1 billion. We also include in guidance related to the synergies we expect to realize over the next couple of years. This guidance reflects higher earnings from all business segments, excluding the Medford insurance settlement and a full year contribution of the refined products and crude segment. Sheridan will provide more detail on each of the operating segments in a moment. As for synergies, weve assumed a midpoint of $175 million of total realized annual cost and initial commercial synergies in 2024, followed by an additional $125 million in 2025. We expect additional synergies in 2026 and beyond as capital expenditure projects to connect our NGL to the refined products and crude businesses are completed. As it relates to capital expenditures, weve assumed a total of $1.85 billion, which includes growth and maintenance capital. This guidance reflects the investment necessary to keep up with the expected levels of producer activity and attractive return growth projects, including the MB-6 Fractionator and expansions of our West Texas NGL and Elk Creek NGL pipelines, all expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2025. Once these projects are completed in early 2025, we expect to be on a trend of decreasing capital expenditures over the near to medium-term. Our expected 2024 capital guidance does not include the Saguaro Connector project or any other projects that have not yet reached financial investment decision. Ill now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update.
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. We saw strong year-over-year volume growth in 2023 with natural gas processing volumes up 14% and NGL volumes up 10% compared with 2022. Rocky Mountain region volumes were particularly strong with double-digit growth in both NGL and natural gas processing volumes year-over-year. Higher producer activity levels, increased well connects, and continued strong gas-to-oil ratios drove record fourth quarter volumes totaling nearly 400,000 barrels per day of NGLs and nearly 1.6 Bcf per day of processed volume. Mid-Continent process volume increased 15% year-over-year and Permian Basin NGL increased 19% year-over-year, both benefiting from solid producer activity throughout the year in those regions. Well connects across our operations increased more than 50% compared with 2022. We continue to see the benefit of those connections throughout 2024 as volumes ramp. Our Natural Gas Pipeline segment significantly exceeded its 2023 financial guidance range on higher earnings from long-term storage services and higher rates from negotiated fee-based contracts. Our Refined Products and Crude segment adjusted EBITDA totaled more than $420 million in the segments first full quarter of operations since the acquisition of Magellan. This segments performance was driven by midyear tariff increases, longer haul refined product shipments and steady crude oil transportation volumes. Our optimization and marketing activities, which includes liquids blending also benefited from strong margins and volumes. Turning to 2024. Key drivers for our higher 2024 guidance includes stable producer activity and continued production efficiency improvements, providing strong natural gas and NGL volumes across our systems. Solid refined products demand, continued strength in fee-based earnings and rates and our first full year of annualized synergies. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, we expect higher year-over-year adjusted EBITDA and raw feed throughput volumes should be driven primarily by growth out of the Rocky Mountain region. Despite lower assumptions for incentivized ethane recovery in 2024 and a low margin contract expiration from Overland Pass pipeline in November of 2023, we still expect higher year-over-year NGL volumes. The expired contracts volume is being replaced with higher rate barrels ramping through 2024. Healthy demand for ethane from the petrochemical industry and wide gas-to-oil ratios are setting up a positive backdrop for NGL markets in 2024. On our system, weve assumed high levels of ethane recovery continue in the Permian Basin in 2024 and partial recovery in the Mid-Continent. We also expect to see continued opportunities to incentivize ethane recovery in the Rocky Mountain region. As Walt mentioned, weve officially moving forward with the expanding the Elk Creek pipeline to 435,000 barrels per day, increasing our total NGL capacity out of the Rocky Mountain region to 575,000 barrels per day. This additional capacity will support future growth and increased ethane recovery. Moving on to the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. We expect volume growth in the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions driven by higher-than-anticipated well connections in 2023 and consistent producer activity levels expected in 2024. In the Rocky Mountain region, we expect processing volumes to grow 9% at the midpoint compared with 2023 and an average more than 1.6 Bcf per day in 2024. This outlook includes the impact from the weather we experienced so far this year, including well freeze-offs in mid-January when the wind chills dropped below negative 60 degrees. By the end of January, volumes had recovered to levels achieved prior to the extreme cold. Strong producer activity levels in 2023 and the continued trend of high gas-to-oil ratios drove several months of record North Dakota natural gas production with the latest record of 3.52 Bcf per day set in December. Producer activity has carried over into 2024. Even through the winter months, as we enter March, there are 36 rigs in the Williston Basin with 20 on our dedicated acreage. Through detailed planning sessions with our customers, we expect additional rigs to return as we move into spring. Additionally, we continue to see a trend at producers drilling longer laterals in the basin, 3 miles in length or more as opposed to the historical 2-mile laterals. These longer laterals continue to drive improved production efficiencies and result in fewer well connections needed to grow gathered volumes. As detailed in our earnings presentation, we expect 3-mile laterals to account for approximately 30% of the wells drilled on our acreage in 2024 compared with only 7% 2 years ago. In the Mid-Continent region, we are currently seeing approximately 45 rigs in Oklahoma with 6 operating on our acreage. We expect processing volumes to grow approximately 3% at our guidance midpoint compared with 2023 and average approximately 770 million cubic feet per day in 2024. Rig activity across the basin will continue to drive additional NGLs to our system. In the Natural Gas Pipelines segment, we continue to expect strong demand for natural gas storage and transportation services in 2024. At the end of 2023, more than 75% of our natural gas storage capacity was contracted under long-term agreements, and our pipeline transportation capacity was nearly 96% contracted. We expect similar levels in 2024. From a natural gas storage perspective, we continue to focus on expansion projects. We are currently working on a project to reactivate 3 Bcf of previously idled storage in Texas and are further expanding our injection capabilities in Oklahoma. In February 2024, the FERC approved the Saguaro Connector Pipelines presidential permit, and we expect the final investment decision on the pipeline by midyear 2024. Moving on to the Refined Products and Crude segment. We continue to expect healthy business fundamentals and the segments more than 85% fee-based earnings to drive consistent performance. Well see the full year effect of higher refined products tariff rates, driven by the midyear 2023 increase of 11.5%. And we expect additional mid-single-digit increases in July 2024. We also expect an increase in refined products volumes, including a benefit from the completion of our expansion to El Paso. Additional benefits are expected from higher volumes and margins related to liquids blending in 2024, driven by favorable market conditions and synergy-related opportunities. Walt discussed commercial synergies earlier, which we expect primarily to show up in our Refined Products and Crude segments earnings. Pierce that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Sheridan and Walt. I started this call by saying that 2023 was a year of significant growth and transformation. None of this would have been possible without our dedicated employees, with many of those employees actually listening to this call today. So I want to make sure that I thank them publicly for all that they did in 2023. With us now 5 months post closing of the acquisition, our employees have continued to focus on our integration efforts and prioritize the reliable operations of our assets in the high quality of service expected at ONEOK. Everything we have accomplished this past year means nothing if we dont do it safely and responsibly. From an environmental perspective, weve made significant progress toward our greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, achieving reductions that equate to approximately 50% of our total 2030 reduction target. And from a safety perspective, we brought together two companies with leading safety cultures and performance. And combined, we will continue to focus on the safety and health of our employees in the communities that we operate. Weve created an operational platform that provides increased scale, scope and diversification. Its a platform which is already providing opportunities and enabling us to generate exceptional value for our stakeholders. Looking ahead, ONEOK is well positioned in 2024 for another year of significant growth and opportunity. With that, operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Brian Reynolds with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Reynolds: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Maybe to start off on synergies on Slide 10. Weve seen the risk-weighted synergies increase to roughly $400 million from the original expectation of $100 million. So perhaps just a two-part question. First part is, can you provide some concrete commercial examples of whats driving that upward revision? Just anything specific? And then second, based that these risk-adjusted synergies are up roughly $300 million, could you perhaps update us on the initial like $200 million to $800 million synergy range that you provided last quarter? It seems like theres a little bit of upside to that range at this point. Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Well, youre right, we do see some upside to our synergies be going forward, as we say in the $700 million. And really, a lot of it is going to be driven by being able to bring our refined product and crude oil and NGL systems together, which we have multiple opportunities in many different areas of our systems. And really, as we continue through 24 and 25, the thought is going to be, as we said before, in prioritization of which ones were going to work and we can bring forward. We started 24 wells to be driven by, weve reached a substantial amount of our cost saving synergies already through 23, and well see a full year of that in 24.
Kevin Burdick: Brian, this is Kevin Burdick. The other thing, just on the  if you think about the cost savings, we have realized the vast majority of those already. So well see the full impact in 24. A couple of examples to that would be our organizational design and restructuring activities are complete. So that will be factored in. Another example, public company costs have been eliminated for the Magellan Company. So thats another example as well as many others. So the cost savings side will play a big role in 2024 as well.
Brian Reynolds: Great, thanks. Appreciate that. Maybe to switch to just the updated return on capital framework. You outlined a 3% to 4% dividend growth, but kind of updated it with the updated payout ratio of 75% to 80% with buybacks and dividends. So looking at the model, it seems like its pretty clear on 2024 that you can kind of come to that conclusion. But when I look at 25 and 26, leverage trends below 3.5x, you should have some excess cash based on existing projects that are FID at this point with potentially Saguaro going into that bucket. So as we look in 25 or 26, can you maybe update us on how we should think about the return of capital framework. Could we see maybe an increase of buybacks? Or how should we think about maybe interest in M&A or maybe other projects that may come to fruition in 25 and 26, maybe keep kind of that return on capital framework unchanged.
Walt Hulse: Sure. Well, I want to start out by, again, continuing to point out that during 2023, we were able to extinguish over $1.3 billion of debt, including paying off maturities as they came due and making some open market repurchases in the debt market. So we obviously are continuing to produce significant amounts of free cash flow. As we go into 2024, I think youre correct that we expect to begin our share repurchase program. We do expect that to ramp over the 4-year period as were still getting through our debt-to-EBITDA metrics that weve gone out with the goal of that 3.5x. So we will expect that to ramp over time. But we do have an intention to begin that program here in 2024. So I think were set up to make those forward capital returns to our shareholders while still retaining in that additional 25%  15% to 25% of unallocated cash flow, meaningful free cash flow for high-return capital projects that we have not yet identified.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Makes sense. Super helpful. Enjoy the rest of the morning.
Pierce Norton: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Neel Mitra with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning. I was wondering what youre assuming for any third-party frac costs in 2024 and the timing of MB-6 and how that would impact those costs?
Sheridan Swords: Well, in MB-6, as we said in our prepared remarks and in our earnings release, come up in the first quarter of 2025, and its 125,000 barrel a day frac. So it will have a significant impact to our third-party frac costs. Our third-party frac costs in 2024 will be about $30 million a quarter, so I think, of what weve estimated on that piece. So well be needing third-party frac costs through the remainder of that, which most of weve already contracted.
Neel Mitra: Got it. And then the second question, specifically on the butane blending synergies. I think legacy Magellan landed about 2% of butane into the gasoline stream but because youre able to type a lot of the butane and the gasoline together, it seems like you can expand that opportunity. Can you give us a sense of the total opportunity there in terms of how much of butane you can blend into the gasoline as a percentage basis or how much you can expand that operations from the legacy Magellan operations?
Sheridan Swords: For commercial reasons, we wont get into too much of it, but butane blending is driven by regulations of RVP into the gasoline. So there is a limit. But other than that, we dont want to get too much into it due to commercial sensitivities on what were doing.
Neel Mitra: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Hi, good morning, everybody. And thanks for the clarity. So I wanted to start off on the consolidation theme. It seems like thats kind of picking up even more, both on the upstream side and some on the midstream side. So I was kind of curious, as you think about that as a growth revenue, should we be thinking about any major guardrails in terms of the assets or corporations that you look at?
Pierce Norton: Sunil, this is Pierce. The really question kind of falls in the bucket of mergers and acquisitions, I think  I just want to reemphasize that our primary focus is to continue to be integrating the Magellan acquisition and executing on the synergies and opportunities that we see to create the maximum value for our shareholders. So were going to be  were going to continue to be intentional and disciplined in our approach to M&A. But Id also say that we have  and we will continue to look at other mergers and acquisitions in the context of how do they strengthen our competitive position.
Sunil Sibal: Okay, thanks for that. And then I think in your prepared comments, you mentioned that the growth CapEx is likely to come down in 2025 and forward years. I was kind of curious if you could help us think through the growth CapEx needs at combined ONEOK now. And is there a good way to think about growth CapEx or total CapEx needed to maintain volumes and then to further on grow volumes?
Pierce Norton: So Ill kind of take a high-level cut at that, and then Ill ask either Walt or Sheridan to chime in on this. But one thing that I dont know if you picked up on, but Walt just mentioned that we actually have some excess cash of about 20% to 25%. So there is money out there for these high-return projects that we either or potentially working on or even not identified at this point. So as far as the specifics go, Ill kind of turn it over to Walt and Sheridan.
Walt Hulse: Well, I think as we mentioned here in 2024, weve identified a midpoint of $1.85 billion. We have some pretty large projects in there with the MB-6 being the largest and then the completion of the West Texas LPG expansion and then the completion of the Bakken expansion, which we want to make sure is done here in early 2025. Once those projects are done, we dont have any other large identified projects that weve FID for the market. So you can kind of peel those away as theyve come into 2025. Our routine growth type of expenditures will continue and we will find more opportunities that probably just going to be more bite-sized and ones that we can do out of free cash flow and will be ones that are really facilitating and accelerating the synergies that were looking to achieve in 25 and 26.
Sunil Sibal: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So question on Saguaro, if you FID Saguaro in mid-24, first of all, would that change the 24 CapEx number much or would most of that fall into the 25 and 26? And would that change your expectation that 25 CapEx would come down?
Pierce Norton: Im going to let Walt kind of take the CapEx question, but theres a couple of things that I want to make sure that I note on this call that it pertains to Saguaro, Michael. And one is I want to really thank all those employees who worked on getting the permit approved in this process. And as we look at Saguaro, it is the most economic route for LNG to reach the markets or at least multiple markets. And thats actually been indicated by the strong commercial interest and the backing by the major players there. And heres where I want to really kind of make this clear that we said all along that our commitment to this project will involve procuring the presidential permit, which as we noted in our script, that is complete, the building of the U.S. portion of the pipe, getting across the border with the pipe and then the operation of the U.S. pipe. And as far as our financial involvement, thats going to be commensurate with the value that it brings to our shareholders versus the risk we see in the project. Ill kind of let Walt fill in some of the details there.
Walt Hulse: Yes, Michael, given the timing, theres not  if it gets FID midyear, the capital associated with that would not be a material change to 2024. And in 2025 and beyond, I dont think youll see anything that would change my comment before about seeing a reduction over the 2024 level of CapEx as we go forward. Projects takes a couple of years to construct and well fit right in within our capital program.
Michael Blum: Great. Thanks for that. And then just wanted to ask on the Elk Creek expansion you announced. Maybe you could just help us understand a little bit what the ramp in volumes could look like? Should we expect this to be highly utilized at startup, like maybe [indiscernible] or will this be kind of more of a gradual ramp? Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Well, Michael, as we think about the Elk Creek expansion, weve always said that were not going to run out of capacity coming out of the Bakken. And thats why we want to make sure this pipeline comes up in the first quarter of 2025. So we are expecting volume increases and well need that as we move into 2025. And then there is a lot of things affected on the ramp up. One is how much incentivized ethane we have coming out of there. And if we  and the other one is the continuing growth in the basin as weve seen gas to oil ratios continue to grow and drilling activity that were seeing right now is conducive to increase overall volumes in the basin. So I think we will see quite a bit of growth as we move into 2025 on this pipeline with those two backdrops.
Michael Blum: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vrathan Reddy with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Vrathan Reddy: Good morning. I appreciate the color you guys provided on producer efficiency in the slides and even in the prepared remarks, it seems like a pretty significant step up there in the share of 3-mile laterals in 24. So just kind of thinking if we should be thinking about the increase in 3-mile laterals, reducing the required CapEx to maintain current volumes at this point? Or any other thoughts you could frame up there would be greatly appreciated.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. This is Sheridan. Absolutely with more efficiency and then growing 3-mile laterals, so, each well is going to have more production on that. So we are going to see a drop off from our previous cadence on capital that we need to spend in the area to maintain volume. And also remember that in the Bakken, we are guiding a little bit over 1.6 Bcf of throughput, and we have 1.9 Bcf of processing capacity up there. So we have a lot of working leverage to grow in that area. So we will see our capital come down.
Vrathan Reddy: Great. And then for the second one, I wanted to hit on Northern Border. And just any thoughts you guys could share on how you see dynamics playing out there throughout the year. Mainly, if we could see any relief on the pipeline once volume starts flowing on Coastal GasLink to service LNG Canada?
Chuck Kelley: Well, Vrathan, this is Chuck. As far as Northern Border goes, the volumes that we see coming down there today, I dont think will be appreciably impacted but the Canadian volumes diverted to LNG Canada. Theres a stronghold of about 400 million a day thats held by long-term producers that will continue to flow down Northern Border. So the pipe will remain full headed toward Ventura in Chicago. And theres been some relief in our G&P business, working a deal with WBI to move some guests down to Cheyenne Hub and thats been a nice relief and youve probably seen some information about Bison Express which should be coming on in Q2 of 2026 that will offer upwards of another, call it, 400 million a day of relief. So I think the pipe is positioned well for the next couple of years.
Vrathan Reddy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Citi. Please go ahead.
Spiro Dounis: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. Maybe just go back to a follow-up to Michaels question, but really kind of focused on the three major projects youve got coming online in the first quarter of 25. As up to about $1.4 billion of capital kind of starting up that quarter, just curious if you can give us a sense for what the initial return multiple was on those projects and how to think about the EBITDA ramp for all three over 25.
Sheridan Swords: Well, Ill take the first part of that. As we look at each one of those projects, and we think about the ramp-up, MB-6 is going to come up full. We will  because were having third-party frac capacity today. So its going to be at a very high operating rate. So its going to be a very nice multiple we have on that. As weve said with the West Texas expansion that we are contracting and continue to contract more volume on that to have an acceptable return with a significant amount of upside going forward. So were continuing to drive that projects multiple down as we grow on that. The Elk Creek expansion is probably going to be the lowest one on that as we dont need a whole lot of volume to be able to have a very low multiple. And if we would get to the point that we are at a high utilization rate, that multiple will be well below 1.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks very much, Sheridan. And maybe going back to the synergies, it sounds like for 2026 plus, youre going to have to develop some new infrastructure to achieve those synergies. Just curious, can you give us a sense for or what that looks like? Are these storage tanks? Are these connections within the systems, just a sense of what youre building out there.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. I think its going to be all that kind of stuff. Its going to be small  relatively small capital. Theres going to be some connections here, some tanks here, depending all up and down our system. So it  some of that will come before 26. But as we continue to look forward to that, well be achieving most of it as we head into the 26 timeframe.
Spiro Dounis: Great. I will leave it there. Thanks for the time. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Just a follow-up on the discussion about Northern Border earlier, my understanding from looking at the scrapes is that Canada is actually already at the sort of 300 MMcfd to 400 MMcfd that they have directly contracted. Do you think we have had a limit here on Bakken gas takeaway until the rest of Bison comes on in 2026? And how do you think it plays out?
Chuck Kelley: Jean, this is Chuck. I stand by what I have said. I really think the 400 million a day will continue to come down northern border from the legacy Canadian producers. So, the growth coming out of the Bakken will be absorbed through Bison Express and the WBI expansion.
Pierce Norton: So, Jean Ann, this is Pierce. Based on what I have seen, I mean I actually look at this as well. There is capacity today. So, there is no restrictions today. And if you look at the fact that there is going to be some natural gas-fired generation facilities that are going to be built in the North Dakota area and you also look at the Bison Express and then you also look at WBI, we are not seeing anything in  anywhere in the near future if there is going to be any kind of restrictions on gas takeaway.
Walt Hulse: Yes. And while we think that there is plenty of takeaway, do remember that we always have the lever if we need to, that we can extract more ethane and put it on the NGL pipe to create capacity for natural gas.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thank you. Thats exactly what I was looking for. And then kind of a follow-up on some of the ethane outlooks that Sheridan was talking about earlier. I think there is not a ton of new ethane demand domestically or exports for a few years from now, but associated gas will likely still grow. And your outlook, does that have the risk of increasing rejection in the Bakken or Mid-Con over the next couple of years? And could that be a drag on EBITDA?
Sheridan Swords: Potentially, I think when we get out in 2025, we will see a little bit more of ethane export capability coming online. A lot really depends on how hard the pet chems are running on utilization is a big impact on. And then as we think about ethane rejection and recovery across our footprint, a lot depends on what the natural gas price in that area is. We feel that we have a very good opportunity to continue to bring incentivized ethane out of the Bakken just from our fully integrated NGL system and G&P system as well. Mid-Continent maybe where we see a little bit of swing, could be a little bit more swing in ethane recovery, but those were at much lower rates than we see coming out of the Bakken. But I think the big thing is going to be is how hard the pet chems are, the utilization rate. And we are seeing as we move into 2024, they are operating at pretty high levels.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thats helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to start and follow-up on Saguaro and so if Mexico-Pacific declares FID, how are you thinking about DOE risks for that project? I think they need an extension of their in-service deadline for non-FTA exports. How do you mitigate that risk around that issue as it relates to your project and your contracts?
Chuck Kelley: Keith, this is Chuck. Yes, as you state, MPL received back in 2019 for the first two trains, the OE export approval. And they have adequate time to go ahead and start this project post-FID where that approval is for both FTA and non-FTA countries. So, I feel pretty good, obviously, about trains one and two, this pause that we are seeing right now impacts their second requested approval, which would be for train three. And as you know, we dont know exactly how this is going to play out the balance of the year. So, trains one and two post-FID, we feel good about those volumes as we sit here today.
Keith Stanley: Okay. Thank you. And the second question, just any updated thoughts on potential to enter the LPG export business and how you are weighing the potential to use Magellan sites or other facilities versus I think there is a greenfield option that you are in the early stages of looking at to at Sabine Pass. Just any updated thoughts there?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. On the LPG exports, I think we are the same spotter what we can share publicly, where we have been for a period of time as you are right, we continue to look at all alternatives that we have. We have a greenfield site. Trying to understand if there is some synergies there from a physical standpoint from the Magellan assets, if we could put something on their sites. So, we continue to do that. But right now, as I have said, we see the LPG export as we think something that could enhance our integration, but its not something we absolutely need as we continue to be able to move our barrels through the market today that has the export capabilities at other facilities.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Was there a follow-up to that Mr. Stanley?
Keith Stanley: No, thats all. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. On the refined products side, with the significant swings in Mid-Con versus Gulf Coast product prices, thus far into the year, Mid-con being heavily discounted earlier in the year, then product price is certainly rising after the widening outage. Has this created opportunities for you to use the Sterling system to ship product software when the ARPA was there towards the beginning of the first quarter and also opportunities for more long-haul movements of refined products from the Gulf Coast to Mid-Con on the legacy Magellan assets and incremental earnings as a result?
Sheridan Swords: What I would say is, right now, we are not going to comment specifically on refined products, movements on any specific pipeline. What I can tell is NGL pipelines have moved refined products here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. We do see with that movement in the two pricing mechanisms between the Gulf and the group. We have seen opportunity for longer haul tariffs on our refined products system.
Theresa Chen: Okay. And Sheridan, going back to the butane blending synergies and your comment about the RVP requirements, so butane blending getting to come out of the gasoline pool in that mid-April timeframe. And just given the comments from some of the downstream customers that have the lack of octane in the gasoline pool after that switch happens, does this lend to some opportunities for your isobutane volumes as a feedstock for alkylate, or said differently, does the acquired Magellan refined products assets and your exposure to gasoline flows now more than before, can that create some uplift for the even heavier components of your NGL barrels.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. There could be some potential as we look at for the natural gasoline component of the barrel, some blending into the unleaded pool that we have looked at. As in terms of isobutane specifically going into alkylate, we have been servicing those alkylate units for quite a long time in the legacy NGL business. And typically, as you know, alkylate is a very high priced and usually, they run those pretty strong. The big difference in those alkylate unit is whether or not they are going to run some refinery grade propylene through that unit or are they going to stay or how their RGBs, refiner grade butane runs through that as well. So, if we see more propylene run through an alkylate unit, we will see a little bit more isobutane being used. But typically, they run pretty steady.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Tristan Richardson: Hi. Good morning guys. Just maybe a question on the WesTex expansion, you have talked a while now about the optionality that you have once the final team is complete. And just maybe just a little bit about timing and progress on the decision of what service to put the legacy pipe into your crude refined product or NGLs? And then how readily and quickly you can make that transition?
Sheridan Swords: Well, right now, we  it is an option. We havent decided to exercise that option. We continue to see good on the NGL side. So, there is a good possibility we want to keep it in NGL service to continue to be able to service our downstream assets in the Mont Belvieu area. If we would decide to shift it to some other product, the big thing is going to have to be determined on which way we run it. Obviously, if we want to run it from Mont Belvieu out to West Texas, it will take us a little bit more time because we will have to do a little bit of work on header systems on that side. If we want another product moving from West Texas in to Mont Belvieu, into the Houston area, it would be quicker because the pumps are already set up going that direction. But as of this moment right now, we are probably leaning more towards the natural gas liquids side of it or the raw feed side of it as we continue to see good growth coming out of the Permian.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it, Sheridan. And then maybe for Walt, just curious, you talked about this in a couple of questions here. But as thinking about the three major projects coming off in 25 and what that implies for future CapEx and certainly what that implies for future free cash flow. Can you talk about  as we think about 25 and 26, what gets you to maybe the higher end or the lower end of that capital return as a percent, that 75% to 85%?
Walt Hulse: Well, clearly, with what we have identified today from a CapEx standpoint, as I have said before, that we would expect that capital return to ramp throughout that period. I think that we will be producing a meaningful amount of free cash flow. Obviously, it will increase when our CapEx number goes down. So, we will still stay in that 75% to 85% availability after CapEx, its just going to be a bigger number. So, it will give us more opportunity for shareholder return.
Pierce Norton: Tristan, this is Pierce. Kind of embedded in your question there is the implication of kind of what drives our EBITDA to the higher end versus the lower end, I think thats probably worth mentioning there. But filling more of our existing capacity across these assets is going to clearly make that movement up. And we have already mentioned that we want to make sure that we get this pipe in by first quarter 2025 out of the Bakken. And then also to continue to prioritize and execute on those additional  those connectivities between our NGL refined products and crude oil systems across our footprint. And then third, its those quicker than forecasted recognition of synergies. And of course, the downside would be things that might impact the volume, which is the weather and the user activity. All of those kind of go into how far above or below the midpoint that we might be that impacts what you and Walt just talked about.
Tristan Richardson: Peirce, appreciate it. Thank you all very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for the time. My first question is on NGL specifically, just wondering where are you all seeing notable demand pure NGL from the Permian NGL service. Is it mostly in key Midland or Delaware areas? I am just wondering if there are specific areas that we should be looking at there? And then are you all taking market share from Permian contracts rolling off, other pipes or this is more basic expansion?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. When we look at the Midland and Delaware, its more  as we look about growth to our system, its more based on the customers out there and who we are seeing and the ones we have aligned, and we have some that are more Midland-specific, some that are more Delaware-specific. So, that really depends on who is kind of drilling more or bringing volume to us at that time. We  in terms of contracts roll off, we have seen a little bit of that. What we have seen a little bit is some taking kind rides coming to us from different customers as we go forward. But overall, we see an opportunity in both of those basins to be able to source NGLs into our system going forward. A lot depends  really, a lot depends on the customer.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, that makes sense. Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on, like that Slide 10 that shows the synergy opportunities. I am just wondering on the batching upside that you laid out here on this slide, just wondered timing-wise, how quickly, I am just wondering are you thinking, and are there key areas that you would anticipate seeing the majority of that batching upside?
Sheridan Swords: Well, on that batching, I think we are really going to see a lot of it throughout our system. Some of it is already happening today. Some of it will happen throughout 2024. Those are opportunities that we see where we already have some connectivity between the system and then that will continue to grow through 25 and 26 as we continue to bring these assets together. But we see that opportunity in the central system, we see that opportunity on the Gulf Coast. We see that opportunity even as much as on the lines out of West Texas.
Neal Dingmann: Thank you for the upside.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere: Good morning Thanks for taking the question. On CapEx opportunities, could you opine on the possibility of meeting another frac by 2026? And does the MMP acquisition increase prospects for accretively rebuilding and/or repurposing legacy Medford frac site?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. Yes, I dont think the MMP effects, really affects Medford at all what we have there. As we think about increased frac capacity and our needs there, really what we are looking at right now is bottlenecks throughout our system where we can get very low-cost expansions through our existing fracs. And we continue to look at Medford and what type of capacity we could get out of Medford at a very low cost by only bringing portions of that back up. The whole facility wasnt as damaged by the fire in certain parts. So, we think there is an opportunity to have a little bit less capacity there at a very low dollar per barrel of capacity. So, thats where we see our next really growth in fractionation capacity coming from, and we really dont see the MMP acquisition have a big impact to that.
Craig Shere: Great. And last question, on synergies, it sounds like you expect almost the full $100 million or so in G&A benefits in 2024 which would suggest that you might be being conservative on the commercial side. Is that a fair assessment?
Kevin Burdick: Craig, its Kevin. Like we said, I mean we feel  obviously, we feel really good about our progress we have made on the cost savings side. I think just kind of naturally, many of those synergies come quicker than the commercial. We continue to prioritize those. We did add kind of 100 plus to the upside for the cost savings side. So, we will continue to work those. But we are just trying to send the message that, particularly in 24, there is a good chunk of the synergies that are going to be cost savings.
Craig Shere: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the last question comes from Zack Van Everen with TPH. Please go ahead.
Zack Van Everen: Hey guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just going back up to the Rockies growth, you noted 9% year-over-year in 2024, but it looks like NGL growth is a bit lower than that for the year. Is the majority of that the contract rolls on Overland, or are you expecting just less overall ethane recovery, just trying to kind of put those two numbers together.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. The  on the NGL growth, we are expecting less or we have put in our guidance less incentivized ethane coming out of the Bakken. We definitely think there could be some upside there, so that has an impact. And then the contract that we will no longer be getting volume off of Overland Pass is a very low margin, very kind of high-volume contract that has an impact. We havent been expecting that contract or we knew we were not going to be moving forward to renewing that contract when it came up. So, this is something thats been in our plan for a period of time. So, thats whats kind of driving a little bit of the difference when you look at growth on G&P versus the growth on NGLs.
Zack Van Everen: Got it. That makes sense. And then shifting over to the rate adjustments in July, you noted mid-single digits. Just looking at the FERC regulated calculation trending towards 1.5% kind of hints that higher-market based adjustments. Curious if you had any pushback from the customers on that or just how that conversations going overall?
Sheridan Swords: We havent decided what we are going to do on market-based rate adjustments, but we do look at it very extensive at each one of our locations and do extensive look at the market and whats appropriate in those locations. And thats why we have kind of just given a mid-single digit rate is what we think it will be. But we have not yet determined exactly what we are going to do. But we do have varied conversation with customers, understand the marketplace, and extend the dynamics that are there before we make those adjustments.
Zack Van Everen: Okay. Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for any closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Alright. Well, perfect timing, everybody. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in April and extends until we release earnings in late April. We will provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all very much and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the ONEOK Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please note, todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Rocco and welcome to ONEOKs third quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. On todays call is Walt Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; Sheridan Swords, Executive Vice President, Commercial liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, which includes our commercial responsibility for our NGL business, refined products and crude businesses. Also available to answer your questions are Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Commercial of Natural Gas Pipelines; and Kevin Burdick, who has assumed the newly created position of Executive Vice President, Chief Enterprise Services Officer, with responsibilities for cybersecurity, information technology, enterprise optimization, innovation, and integration activities. This position will be vital as we continue to integrate systems, technologies and workforces following the acquisition of Magellan. Kevin is uniquely qualified for his experience in integration processes, information technology, commercial and corporate operations to lead the company as we continue to identify, prioritize and realize the value of the synergies as one company. We completed the acquisition just over a month ago. And since then, we have been fully focused on integration activities, maintaining the reliable and responsible operations, our customers and stakeholders expect from us. And at the same time, exploring optimization and integrated opportunities by engaging the combined commercial, operational and engineering teams. What has become evident at this point, based on the number of commercial synergies and opportunities is the importance of prioritization, the value of combining our companies, the potential commercial synergies and the opportunities going forward are significant, more to come on this in the coming months. But after September 25 and getting full access to both companies, I can say that the collaboration of our employees is already presenting additional possibilities. ONEOKs increased scale, scope and diversified operations are already enabling us to create exceptional value for our stakeholders. We have added primarily fee-based earnings and expect a significant free cash flow through the new refined products and crude businesses and expected tax synergies, which combined with ONEOKs legacy operations, is setting up a strong finish to 2023 and a solid foundation for 2024 performance. Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2023 earnings and increased our full year 2023 financial guidance on a pre-acquisition basis for the second time this year. We also provided new consolidated guidance that includes the impact of the Magellan acquisition. Walt will provide more detail in our guidance a little bit later, which is underscored by our strong volumes across our systems and favorable market conditions continuing to drive confidence in our expectations. We saw double-digit growth in NGL and natural gas processing volumes in the third quarter and continue to see robust producer activity across our operations with North Dakota natural gas production reaching a new all-time high in August. The industry landscape is healthy, and now with a more diversified portfolio of assets, we are even better positioned to make the most of opportunities across our operations. So with that, I will turn the call over to Walt for the financial performance and a guidance update.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. Ill start with a brief overview of our third quarter financial performance. ONEOKs third quarter 2023 net income totaled $454 million or $0.99 per share. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled more than $1 billion, an 11% increase year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA would have exceeded $1.1 billion for the third quarter 2023, excluding $123 million of transaction costs, $35 million of third-party fractionation costs and partial earnings from the Refined Products and Crude segment. Refined Products and Crude segment earnings totaled $40 million of adjusted EBITDA from the 6 days following the close of the Magellan acquisition, which includes a $9 million mark-to-market gain on commodity derivative positions settling in the fourth quarter 2023. It is worth noting those 6 days of earnings arent necessarily an indicator of full third quarter segment earnings in part due to the uptick in our seasonal butane blending business. As of September 30, we had no borrowings outstanding under our $2.5 billion credit agreement and had more than $280 million of cash on hand. As we look ahead, we expect fourth quarter 2023 net debt to adjusted EBITDA, excluding transaction costs, to be approximately 3.7x on an annualized run-rate basis. Moving on to our increased guidance. On a pre-acquisition basis, we now expect 2023 net income midpoint of $2.61 billion and adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $4.8 billion, which is $125 million higher than our last guidance increase in August. These midpoints are specific to legacy ONEOK operations and exclude impacts from the Magellan acquisition in order to provide a more accurate comparison with our original 2023 guidance. Since that original guidance announcement in February, we have increased our adjusted EBITDA midpoint by $225 million. Our higher guidance expectations are driven by volume strength across our operations, higher average fee rates, lower than expected third-party NGL fractionation costs and sustained strength in our natural gas pipeline segment. Moving on to our newly announced 2023 consolidated financial guidance, which includes impacts from the Magellan acquisition. We expect a consolidated net income midpoint of $2.6 billion and adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $5.1 billion. Consolidated guidance includes earnings from the Refined Products and Crude segment following the close of the acquisition on September 25 and also includes $175 million of transaction costs. Earnings assumptions for the refined products and crude segment also include an approximately $40 million unfavorable earnings impact in 2023 related to commodity inventory balances being valued higher at the time of the acquisition than pre-acquisition value. As these inventories are sold, we will recognize a smaller margin than would have been recognized at the pre-acquisition value of the inventory. An additional $10 million unfavorable impact is expected in 2024 related to the same inventory valuation adjustment. The Refined Products and Crude segment is expected to perform in line with its previously increased expectations, which reflects solid segment fundamentals despite the impact of the inventory valuation. We continue to expect total capital expenditures, including growth and maintenance capital and excluding legacy Magellan CapEx of approximately $1.575 billion in 2023. This includes assumptions for continued strong producer activity and initial activities related to the expansion of Elk Creek pipeline and fully looping the West Texas NGL pipeline. As we look ahead, our financial outlook remains strong. When we announced the acquisition in May, we expected total combined adjusted EBITDA to approach $6 billion in 2024, supported by stable and growing volumes across our operations. As we stand today, our confidence in that outlook has only increased further, and we believe there is a potential to exceed those expectations. Ill now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update.
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. Lets start with our natural gas liquids segment. Third quarter 2023 NGL volumes increased 11% year-over-year with all regions where ONEOK operates seeing increases compared with the third quarter 2022. Compared with the second quarter of 2023 both Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent NGL raw feed throughput increased 5%, driven by continued strong production activity in these basins, resulting in higher propane plus volumes and slightly higher ethane recovery levels. Rocky Mountain region volumes averaged more than 400,000 barrels per day in September. The continued growth in volume from the Rocky Mountain region provides momentum into 2024 and further supports why we have started initial long lead time activities for an Elk Creek pipeline expansion. We continue to maintain our ethane recovery assumptions for the remainder of the year, with the Permian in near full recovery, the Mid-Continent in partial recovery and opportunity to incent recovery in the Williston. In the natural gas gathering and processing segment, third quarter processed volumes averaged more than 2.3 billion cubic feet per day, a 12% increase year-over-year. As Pierce mentioned, North Dakota gas volumes have reached record production levels of more than 3.3 billion cubic feet per day in August. Our Rocky Mountain region process volumes averaged more than 1.5 billion cubic feet per day during the third quarter and reached more than 1.6 Bcf per day in September. Weve connected 450 wells in the region for the  through the first 9 months of the year compared with approximately 245 connections during the same period last year, a more than 80% increase. We have also increased our well connect guidance for 2023 due to the strong pace of completions and now expect to connect 525 to 575 wells compared with our previous guidance of 475 to 525 wells. Currently, there are approximately 37 rigs and approximately 15 completion crews operating in the basin with 20 rigs and approximately half of the completion crews on our dedicated acreage, which remains more than enough activity to grow production. In the Mid-Continent region, third quarter process volumes increased 10% year-over-year and increased 3% compared with the second quarter of 2023. We continue to see producers focus on higher crude producing areas and currently have 3 rigs on our dedicated acreage in the region. We have connected 46 wells in the region through the first 9 months of the year compared with 40 in the same period last year. We expect to be at the high end of our Mid-Continent well connect guidance of 45 to 55 wells in 2023. Moving on to the Refined Products and Crude segment, we only have 6 days of operation from this new segment in the third quarter due to the timing of the acquisition closing, but the segment continues to perform in line with expectations that were already increased earlier this year. Healthy business fundamentals continue to drive consistent performance, and were currently seeing strong seasonal butane blending margins. Looking ahead, we see a growing list of opportunities, which will continue to drive growth in this segment through synergies. The more time we spend with the assets and with the legacy Magellan employees, were seeing even more opportunities. In the Natural Gas Pipelines segment, strong year-to-date results continue to benefit from demand from natural gas storage and transportation services. And we saw increased demand for interruptible services during the third quarter as extreme heat in Texas drove increased electric generation demand and pricing. Were seeing opportunities for additional expansion in Oklahoma and Texas, with additional storage expansion in Oklahoma and Texas and demand for long-term storage capacity remaining strong. We continue to work toward FID in the Saguaro Connector pipeline and expect to receive the presidential permit before the end of the fourth quarter. There has been significant interest from producers in the Permian Basin relative to shipping gas west to the potential LNG export facility and reported support from multi-large, well-known customers anchoring the export project. Pierce, this concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Sheridan and Walt, for adding color to what was a very strong quarter. With only 2 months much left in 2023, theres still time for progress to be made and a lot to be excited about. Since closing, Ive had the privilege of visiting many of our field and office locations, and well continue to visit additional sites. Im energized by the enthusiasm and the collaboration that Ive already seen between both the legacy ONEOK employees and the Magellan employees. I can say with certainty that we have incredible teams in place. Thank you to all of our employees for what you are doing to continue our high level of service through safe and reliable operations. And thank you to our investors for your support and trust in our vision for the future of ONEOK. Our future is bright and the long-term value of bringing our companies together will play out in the years ahead. With that, operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Todays first question comes from Brian Reynolds with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Reynolds: Hi, good morning everyone. Maybe to start off on synergies, I know that youve only had 4 weeks into the pro forma ONEOK and thus larger growth CapEx projects will likely take some time to commercialize and talk about. So curious if you can just talk about some of the smaller low-hanging fruit synergies that you have seen over the last few weeks, particularly around just commercial discussions around batching, blending and bundling. Have you seen some initial commercial success and when can we see some realizations there? Thanks.
Pierce Norton: So Ill start off and then Im going to kick it over to Kevin on this. I am going to kind of start with part of your question is kind of what have you seen immediately with some of the kind of the smaller things. As you know, after closing, we do have immediate synergies that have been realized basically from day 1, which are board costs, credit facility renewals, cyber insurance, audit fees and then the executive organizational design that was put in place. So all of those kind of things added up to some immediate savings that will be annualized primarily in next year. Im going to turn it over to Kevin to kind of talk a little bit more about the process, both on the small things and the large things.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Brian, as we think about kind of how we went through the process and how were tracking, if you go back to really the announcement back in May, we immediately started kind of documenting all the synergy opportunities through the integration planning work we were doing. Once we got closed, then we had access to a lot more information, a lot more data. We continue to refine those estimates of existing opportunities, and we found new ones as well as the company has got to talk more closely. At this point, weve got around 250 different opportunities that weve identified. And now were going through and prioritizing those based on value, time to achieve, is there capital required, things like that, in many cases, like Pierce mentioned, some of it have been captured. Several others are being worked right now as we speak. And then others still, weve got teams in place that are identifying, developing plans to go capture. I think the key is for each of these opportunities, we have owners identified that are held accountable for the results. And weve got tracking mechanisms in place that were tracking status, whats been captured, how that relates to the forecast and our estimates as we go forward. So thats kind of a general kind of overview of the process as it relates to some of the commercial synergies you asked about, yes, some of those may be a little longer lead time. But Sheridan and his team, have teams in place that are working these high-priority items that are  that have the opportunity to drive the most value. And then Ill just kind of close the question with all this will be factored in as we think about our guidance and go out with 24 guidance probably in February of next year. This will all be factored in and will be included in that guidance as we move forward.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks. Appreciate all that. Maybe to pivot just towards the forward growth CapEx outlook relative to the initial S-4, it seems like ONEOK has pulled forward some CapEx related to West Texas LPG and Elk Creek expansion. And it seems like Saguaro is trending towards more of a JV type relationship, which could defer capital further. So perhaps could you just update us on kind of a forward CapEx outlook maybe for 24 and beyond? Just given some of these recent trends? And does it imply that ONEOK could be trading closer to a 10% free cash flow yield if CapEx trends lower? Thanks.
Walt Hulse: Well, Brian, we arent going to give you 2024 CapEx guidance today. I think that all of the material projects have been disclosed at this point. And as we look towards 2024 and the opportunities that we have, we see quite a bit of opportunity without any significant material capital projects that were ready to announce. So we think were set up very well for 2024, but we will give you the guidance in February to firm that number up.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Fair enough. I will leave it there. Have a great rest of your morning.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Pierce Norton: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just maybe one to pick up on the last question a little bit and fully appreciate not giving 24 guidance today, but just trying to get a state of affairs as it stands right now. And I think I wanted to be kind of clear, I guess, on the guidance. And if Im looking at this the right way, if whats implied for remainder of the year for fourth quarter, just over $1.4 billion, but then on a normalized basis, you back out most of that $50 million inventory adjustment and then there is a $40 million or so of transaction costs. So it seems like the run rate for the business might be close to $1.5 billion looking at 4Q. Now granted there is seasonality that can impact that at different points throughout the year, but then you also have $200 million of synergies from Magellan that should be realized and you have an increasing GOR and there is other projects set to come on over time in 24. Im just wondering, moving pieces wise, is that encapsulate what we should be thinking about? Is that a good base to work off of or any other color on these pieces would be helpful?
Walt Hulse: Well, Jeremy, I think youve done a good job of summarizing some of the moving parts there. And those  at this point, I would say, are all moving in a favorable direction. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned that on a run rate basis after you take out the merger expenses and the like, that we expect to be approximately at 3.7x debt to EBITDA in the fourth quarter, which is ahead of the expectations that we had when we announced the transaction. So thats obviously showing that weve got favorable free cash flow materializing, and thats going to give us even more flexibility as it relates to capital allocation as we go into 2024. And we will update you all on that as we get into the 2024 season.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats very helpful. And I guess I wouldnt be a Wall Street analyst, if I wasnt asking now that the ink is dry on the Magellan agreement, anything you can share on what youre working on now going forward?
Pierce Norton: Well, Jeremy, this is Pierce. We do the same thing weve always done, which is we continue to look at different things out there. And like Walt said, with the capital allocation strategy that we have, its just a lot more flexible going forward post Magellan and especially with our debt-to-EBITDA metrics coming down quicker than what we expected. So its probably about as much color as I can get right now.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. I will leave it there, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask on the West Texas NGL pipeline expansion. In the slide, you mentioned optionality to use the legacy system for NGLs refined products or crude. Im wondering if you could just expand on that? Is there any way to get a sense of how you think that will kind of split over time?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. I think what were talking about there is that, as we explained before, the legacy system that we bought from Chevron, weve been looping that system from West Texas all the way into the Fort Worth area where we tie into the Arbuckle II pipeline. When that loop is completed, which is in our West Texas project, we can segregate out the legacy system, the system we bought from Chevron and use it for a different product. And that is one of the things were looking at in synergies, and we will continue to evaluate as we go forward. But that gives us an opportunity to be able to move more product back into the Permian, whether that be refined products, where it gives us opportunity to move crude out of the Permian into the Gulf Coast or leave it in NGL service. Thats probably more of a longer-term type synergy that we have right now as we continue to look at that. But we do think that is an opportunity going forward to be able to leverage our three liquid pipeline streams in that pipeline, what we use it for.
Michael Blum: Okay. Got it. Thanks for that. And then just one question on the Bakken. So it seems like the Bison Express pipeline project is moving ahead. So I wanted to just get your thoughts on that project. Does this reduce ethane recoveries volumes for you? Or ultimately should we think of this as sort of a tailwind because ultimately, it opens up the potential for more natural gas production in the basin, which obviously would lead to more associated NGL production?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, I think what this project does is make sure that we have enough natural gas takeaway out of the basin, we wouldnt want that to be a constraint on the producers up there well, I do not think it has a big impact on our incentivized ethane program that weve had going on there because today, there is enough natural gas production coming out of the basin. So I think its going to allow the producers to continue to grow and have a surety of natural gas takeaway without hurting our ethane recovery benefits that we have today.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Spiro Dounis with Citi. Please go ahead.
Spiro Dounis: Thanks, operator. First question just maybe on the export opportunity. I dont think that was a synergy necessarily when you announced the deal, but something you mayve been better positioned to do post Magellan. Just curious where that stands now and then expanding into exports is kind of high on the priority list of things to do post close?
Pierce Norton: Spiro, this is Pierce. And Ill let Sheridan kind of fill in some of the details here. But weve said all along that what Magellan brings to us is the expertise to operate docs and to build docks and to just really understand the dynamics of marketing across docs. We dont expect to necessarily turn any of those docs into anything other than what they are currently doing. But we do believe that global demand will continue to grow both in crude and both in probably refined products and liquefied petroleum gas and propane. So were going to continue to look at that. And as the market dictates and as we learn more, and if we get some customers that either on the producing side or the takeaway side that wants to take space across stock, then were going to continue to look at that. So Sheridan, you got anything to add?
Sheridan Swords: The only thing I would add to that, Pierce, is that with the addition of the Magellan employees, we have much more confidence in both our engineering and operation capability since that is what they bring to the table since they are already operating marine docs and built marine docks.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Thats great color. Thanks for that, guys. Second question just going for the Bakken. I guess were hearing increased talk of peers, maybe looking to develop LNG infrastructure in the region, too. Youve obviously got a pretty good stronghold there. But just curious how youre assessing the risk of kind of new competition in the basin going forward?
Sheridan Swords: What I  this is Sheridan again. What I would say on competition coming in the basin is what weve said for many times is that on the G&P side, we have 60% of the market share, and that feeds our NGL pipeline. So we very  feel very secure about that volume. And then on the third-party NGL customers, we have long-term contracts with them, and that also gives us a surety that we will be able to maintain our volume coming out of the Bakken and be able to capture the growth going forward.
Spiro Dounis: Great. Thats all I have today, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, good morning, guys. Appreciate the comments on what youre seeing so far early in the merger. Just curious, like weve replaced the concentric circle with a telescope, but in that telescope, you talked about mid to high-single-digit dividend growth. Curious about capital allocation now that the merger is closed and thinking about balancing project opportunities with allocating free cash for repurchases and dividend growth to be competitive with peers.
Walt Hulse: Yes, well, Tristan, as I just mentioned, our debt metrics are coming in line even quicker than we had expected. We continue  we think that direction will continue. And thats going to give us significantly greater flexibility as we move forward to think about capital allocation. Its going to give us plenty of capital to take advantage of high-return projects as they become available and think about ways of returning value to shareholders. And were going to lay that out as we get into 24 as we see forward where our debt metrics are headed and we will give you more clarity as we get into February.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it, Walt. And then maybe, Sheridan, where do you see sort of this GOR theme, particularly in the Bakken going long-term, particularly as producers consolidate  operator consolidation drives producer efficiency, but just where  whats the end game or in terms of where do we top out from a GOR perspective long-term?
Sheridan Swords: Tristan, thats a good question. And weve had that talk to our producers about that as well. And they dont know where the top end of it is. What we do know is as wells continue to age, the GOR continues to grow up  grow. Now we do see some up and down in the GOR overall for the basin because as new rigs come on, depending on where they come on, they may have a starting point of a lower or higher GOR. So overall, it makes it move around. But every well up there as it continues to decline, the GORs continue to rise. And so that gives us a lot of confidence that even in a flat crude environment, which crude is growing right now, but in a flat crude environment, we are still going to see some pretty good growth in the gas volume in the basin.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, good morning. You referenced contracting in the Permian on nine plants to kind of underpin West Texas LPG and the looping. Can you give any more detail on the duration of those contracts even qualitatively? As Im sure youre aware, we seem to be heading towards severe Permian NGL pipe overbuild in 2025. So having long-term contracts seems important.
Sheridan Swords: I would say that we have long-term contracts. Thats the people that we have contracted with both now and for the LPG expansion or the NGL expansion are long-term contracts. So we feel comfortable that we have the volume behind to be  to have a very favorable return on that project and with a lot of upside as we continue to grow. We think its a very cost-effective way to do it, that we can be able to compete going forward even as new pipelines come online.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thanks, thats helpful. And you may have said this before, but can you remind us roughly what portion of the liquids pipelines for the combined company do you think you can generally take the full PPI indexation on?
Sheridan Swords: On the liquids pipelines, on the NGL pipeline, a lot of it is more driven by individual contracts as we do as not as much on the tariff itself. And then there is a larger portion of that on our new refined product system that contain that  but about 70% of our tariffs on the refined product system are at market rate that we can move as we want to. And so 30% would be more on a FERC tariff rate.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Harry Mateer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Harry Mateer: Hi, good morning. Walt, you mentioned the 3.7x annualized run rate leverage number for 4Q ex transaction costs, I guess following up on Jeremys question a bit. Just curious how much seasonality is in that number? And can you just confirm your goal still to bring leverage to the 3.5x level that you previously laid out? And it sounds like more quickly than you previously thought?
Walt Hulse: Well, Harry, were pretty positive on 24 and where things are headed. So I think that we expect to continue to make progress on our leverage metrics as we go throughout 2024. We have said aspirationally all along, that 3.5% is a good spot to be. We dont care if we go below it a little bit. Thats fine. If we have got significant earnings and it drives our debt-to-EBITDA below 3.5%, thats a good problem to have. So, we are very pleased with the trajectory of that credit metric and have no reason to think its going to change any direction.
Harry Mateer: Okay. Thanks. And then my follow-up is when you think about that target, how do you go about the balance between EBITDA growth and debt reduction? And maybe put differently, should we think about ONEOK being in the bond market refinancing? You have some small maturities next year, do you think its more likely that free cash flow will take care of that and maybe that puts ONEOK out of the bond market for a while as things currently stand?
Walt Hulse: Well, I am not going to say we will or we wont be in the bond market, but I would just say that the last several maturities that we have had, we have called for cash. We are generating a lot of cash. So, I think we have got the flexibility to manage our debt portfolio in a very comfortable manner. But we are going to keep our flexibility. If it makes sense for us to go to the credit markets for a reason, we may or may not do that. But you can see what we have done in the last several. And given the size, we are probably going to maintain that flexibility.
Harry Mateer: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks for the time. My first question is just around the synergy ops that you talked about on Slide 8. Specifically, I dont know if you all could comment yet, maybe its too early, but I am just wondering if you could comment on how quickly you all are thinking about the potential for start realizing some of that batching upside, which looks quite interesting.
Kevin Burdick: I mean just in general, as we look at the synergies, obviously, they are going to  there is going to be a variety of scenarios that play out. Some will get very quickly, potentially by the end of the year. There may be others that are going to take some capital and some effort to put things in the pipeline in the ground or other activities like that, that may span out of ways. So, it will be a blend. But I think again, the focus here is that our confidence level in achieving these things continues to grow as we get more information.
Neal Dingmann: That makes sense. And then  go ahead, I am sorry.
Pierce Norton: Well, I said  this is Pierce. What I am going to tell you is that to kind of tag it on to what Kevin is saying is that we are confident that these opportunities are there. Its just a matter of the timing of when they come in, and we will let you know that as we give our guidance from year-to-year.
Neal Dingmann: Okay. Thanks for that add. And then just  you touched on this a little bit earlier, but my second question is just on Rockies and Mid-Con activity. It seemed like last quarter was solid. You talked about a number of connects there, especially in the Rocky. So, I am just wondering are you currently seeing sort of similar type activities, just any color you could add there. Thank you.
Sheridan Swords: Neal, this is Sheridan. Yes, we still are seeing good activity in the Bakken. We have increased our well count activity, and thats to show you what we are seeing. And we think thats going to continue or know thats going to continue into 2024 in the Bakken. So, we are very excited about that. And thats why we continue moving on long lead time items with the Elk Creek expansion. And then the Mid-Continent, as we said multiple times, has really been surprising us to the upside that more producer activity out there, especially with oil-driven rigs that is producing high GPM or high liquid content gas, thats really  not only producing more gas in the region, but also more liquids for the NGL pipeline. So, we continue to see growth being very  we are very optimistic about growth going through the fourth quarter and into 2024.
Neal Dingmann: Thank you. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi. I wanted to ask related to the line of commentary around the synergies. Can you just help us think about how much commercial synergies are in that $450 million to $470 million 2023 refined products and crude EBITDA guidance for the year. And specifically, are there incremental butane blending opportunities during this winter and 4Q outside of what MMP had locked in during this past summer? Just in light of still elevated octane spreads versus historical levels and your natural length in butane, coupled with your marketing and optimization capabilities?
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, yes, we do think there is a little bit this quarter. As you said it, a lot of it has been locked down or been hedged, but we do have some above that, and we are seeing wider spreads at this time, so availability is there, and also with our position, legacy normal butane position. There is opportunity there. We will have the butane available, and we can work a little bit on logistics cost. We think most of thats really going to come as we come into next year where we will see a much bigger opportunity for synergies in the butane blending in the 2024 timeframe.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Keith Stanley at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Hi. Good morning. First, just a follow-up on West Texas LPG, its a big step-up in capacity from 300 a day to 740 a day. Do you see any strategic rationale to building or buying Permian plants to bolster your long-term NGL supply position? It would seem like you would have a lot of synergies doing that and a lot of operating leverage as you fill the pipeline.
Sheridan Swords: Keith, we continue to look at that, and we have looked at a lot of different opportunities out there. What I can tell you is just by us expanding, we started off at about 140,000 barrels a day, now we are going up to 700,000 barrels a day. It has not been an impediment for us to be able to contract NGLs on that pipeline. But we will continue to look at as opportunities come if we need to get into the G&P space. And if it makes sense, we will get into it and do that. But so far, we have been able to contract and expand that pipeline without having a G&P presence. And a lot of that is, as you think about it, we have a very integrated value chain in touch. A lot of the producers out there in many different areas, so if we look holistically across our system, we can create and offer a very attractive program to them to incentivize barrels coming on to our West Texas system.
Pierce Norton: Keith, this is Pierce. I think this is the point in the call where I would tell you that we are going to be intentional and disciplined about any future M&A opportunities.
Keith Stanley: Got it. Thanks for that. Second question on SWRO [ph], and sorry if I missed this, but  can you say, are you in discussions or looking at working with potential partners on the project, or do you think its more likely you would move forward on that by yourself?
Walt Hulse: We are in a position right now where we are working towards FID and expecting the presidential permit here by the end of the year. And we will lay out the full program if and when we get to that FID point in time.
Keith Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. Good morning everybody and thanks for taking my questions. So, my first question was related to the West Texas LPG and I apologize if I missed this, could you indicate what is that system running at right now? It seems like, you had a little bit of a step down in volumes.
Sheridan Swords: West Texas LPG throughput, yes, we can  I am sorry, as soon as your question about how  what are our volumes looking at like on the West Texas throughput today?
Sunil Sibal: Yes, ballpark.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, our volumes continue to  we continue to grow that volume, especially as we bring some of these plants online. But right now, we are running about 430,000 barrels a day is coming through our whole Gulf Coast  Permian and Gulf Coast system on the LPG. And we have capacities when we get this completed, we will be able to have capacity for over 740,000 barrels a day.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. And thanks for that. And then my second question was a little bit more broader. We have seen a number of E&P deals announced over the course of last few months. And I was curious if you had any dialogues with your E&P customers with regard to that, and how is that impacting your dialogue with the producer customers?
Pierce Norton: So, I will kind of take  I think thats a big picture question. First of all, I think with  go all the way back to OXY with what they did with Anadarko and then fast forward to what Exxon has done and the most recently, Chevron. We actually view that as very positive because most of those companies are kind of reinvesting in domestic production, very large companies. So, we see that as a positive for domestic production here in the United States, so thats the first thing I would say. The second thing was as we do business with all of those people, and now that we are not only in gathering and processing, but in natural gas pipelines, in the NGL business, refined products and crude that goes into this bundling concept where when you have that as a producer, one of your areas, you have added different businesses going forward. We just feel like there is even going to be more opportunities to bundle different deals together to get more and more businesses with these larger companies.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Thanks. Thanks Pierce.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Neel Mitra with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. It seems like everything is going well, you are going to be below 4x leverage easily for 2024 and the $6 billion in guidance seems pretty conservative. How are you looking at shareholder returns right now? Is a repurchase program in 2024 on the table, just as we look for how to return cash to shareholders after this merger and when we can think about how we are going to do that?
Walt Hulse: Well, I would say, clearly, our financial flexibility is increasing. And all of the capital allocation tools that are available are available to us and will be considered going forward, so plenty of flexibility and stay tuned.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Great. And then second question on building an LPG terminal on the Gulf Coast. Some of your peers have talked about how they initially priced at greenfield and now they will price everything at brownfield to try to combat new entrants. Does this make LPG exports or a new terminal kind of lower on the priority list than the batching, bundling, etcetera, when you consider the barriers to entry just with pricing for existing players that are in the space right now?
Sheridan Swords: Neel, this is Sheridan. We still have aspirational to have LPG export terminal. We are not going to do a project thats uneconomical. But we do have one of  or the only person that has the amount of volume at our disposal to be able to support a new dock, and we do have customers that are interested in seeing a new dock being built. So, we think there is an opportunity there as well. As it relates to how we prioritize that with our other opportunities, we are going to  as Kevin said, we are going to look at things on capital. How quick that we can get it to market and how much money we are going to make on that to determine which projects we have our resources work on. But I dont think that the LPG export dock has moved down in the list from where it is before. We still are continuing to look at and still have conversations. But it is a much longer term project than some of the other ones that we have in the synergy category.
Neel Mitra: Got it. I appreciate the commentary. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere: Congratulations on the closing and quarter, and thanks for taking the question. Just one for me, and you kind of talked around this a little bit or kind of responded to some Q&A on it. But Pierce, you mentioned prioritizing incremental commercial opportunities identified post close at the start of this call. And I am a little unclear, given all the commentary, if this is mostly about chopping wood and management bandwidth or despite better than expected deleveraging, are you starting to see more accretive capital deployment opportunities than you are prepared to pursue all at once?
Pierce Norton: Well what we are seeing is as we have put these two  just as a reminder, prior to September 25th, you are limited in how much discussion and how far you can go with some of these discussions both on  with people, contracts, commercial opportunities. So, what we are seeing is as we have gotten access to all the information, all the contracts and the people and our people are working together, we are just seeing more and more opportunities. And so we are going to prioritize that. Its hard to tell right now if we have overrun some of those kind of things, but thats something that we are  we definitely have enough that we can prioritize the things that are going to make the highest impact in the shortest amount of time. So, those are the ones that we are focusing on, and we are managing through the rest of it. But we are not going to lose an opportunity because we feel like we are  we dont have resources, we will get resources to deal with those.
Craig Shere: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Alright. Thank you everybody. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in January and extends until we release earnings in late February. We will provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the ONEOK Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, MJ, and welcome to ONEOK's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call.  We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions.  Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ please refer to our SEC filings. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer; and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, the Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines.  Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2023 earnings and increased our full year 2023 financial guidance. Strength in volumes across our operations, particularly in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin, resulted in higher second quarter results and positive momentum entering the second half of 2023. We continue working toward a successful closing of our pending merger transaction with Magellan while remaining focused on the growth of our legacy assets. Initial activities have begun on 2 NGL pipeline expansion projects. The growth we are seeing across our existing operations is driving the need for these economically attractive projects.  Walt and Kevin will talk more about the early work that we are doing on the Elk Creek and West Texas natural gas liquids toplines.  Regarding our pending acquisition of Magellan Midstream. We've recently accomplished 2 critical milestones toward completing the transaction, including the expiration of the HSR waiting period in June and the filing of the definitive proxy materials with the SEC in July. Proxy mailings are already hitting investors' mailboxes. As we look ahead to the shareholder and unitholder votes on September 21, we're confident that the investors of both companies will see the compelling long-term value proposition this transaction brings with immediate financial benefits and incremental growth through the combination of these 2 companies.  Today, we will walk you through both the macro and micro takeaways of our synergy assumptions. I will cover the macro and Kevin will go into more detail with the macro explanations. On Slide 6 in our earnings presentation, which was provided yesterday with our news release, you will see a summary of how we've organized the synergy opportunities we've identified to date and have targeted to realize as a combined company. You can see we have slided these commercial opportunities into 4 categories and have provided a breakdown for both the assumed scenario in our proxy and for the incremental potential near-term commercial opportunities.  So now I'd like to cover the macro takeaways from Page 6 previously referenced.  First, combined, these companies will have opportunities that were not possible as stand-alone companies. Second, batching and blending are done by both companies today. Therefore, these operational techniques are well understood by both companies. They are not new. But the difference is with these assets under one company's direction, batching and blending value can be realized on a larger scale.  Third, with the exception of bundling, the 3 remaining commercial categories are within 100% of our control. This means that we make the decision to pursue opportunities if they make commercial and economical sense instead of relying on factors outside of our control.  Fourth, as we integrate the 2 employee bases post close, we can focus on widespread collaboration and believe that we will find even more opportunities not identified to date.  And finally, there is significant potential value in the near term, the next 1 to 4 years, above our assumed case in the proxy. ONEOK has proven our commercial creativity over the course of our company's transformative history, and together with Magellan's team, we believe our companies have many opportunities to continue improving the services that we offer to our customers and returning value to our investors.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt Hulse, for the discussion of our recent financial performance and guidance increase.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we increased our 2023 financial guidance expectations. We now expect a 2023 net income midpoint of $2.49 billion and an adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $4.675 billion, a $100 million increase from our original adjusted EBITDA midpoint provided in February. These midpoints are ONEOK specific and exclude the impact of the pending merger with Magellan and any future merger-related costs in order to be an apples-to-apples comparison with our original guidance provided in February.  Higher guidance expectations were driven by volume growth, volume strength across our operations, higher average fee rates and lower-than-expected third-party NGL fractionation costs. In the second quarter, we recorded $31 million of third-party fractionation costs compared with $46 million in the first quarter. We expect approximately $30 million of third-party fractionation costs per quarter to be a good run rate for the remainder of the year as MB-5 is fully operational.  Strong producer activity and a constructive volume outlook also drove the increase in our capital expenditure guidance. We now expect total capital expenditures, including growth and maintenance capital, of approximately $1.575 billion in 2023. Initial activities, including the purchase of long lead time components related to the expansion of Elk Creek pipeline and the decision to complete the full looping of the West Texas NGL pipeline are included in our updated guidance. Kevin will provide more detail on these projects shortly.  Now a brief overview of our second quarter financial performance. ONEOK's second quarter 2023 net income totaled $468 million or $1.04 per share. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $971 million, a 10% increase year-over-year. If you exclude merger-related and third-party fractionation costs, second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased nearly 15% and would exceed $1 billion. In June 2023, we redeemed $500 million of our 7.5% senior notes due September 2023 with cash on hand. Our net debt to EBITDA remains well below our long-term target of 3.5x, and we had more than $100 million of cash and equivalents as of June 30.  Early in the second quarter, Moody's upgraded ONEOK's credit rating to Baa2 from Baa3. As it relates to our pending acquisition of Magellan, I'd note all 3 rating agencies, Moody's, S&P and Fitch, reaffirmed our investment-grade credit ratings pro forma for the acquisition showing a recognition of increased scale, earnings diversity and growth opportunities that this acquisition provides. As it relates to merger transaction financing, we expect to complete a notes offering prior to the close of the transaction. We are monitoring the markets and will be opportunistic in our timing of that offering.  I now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks, Walt. Let's start with our Natural Gas Liquids segment. Second quarter 2023 NGL volumes increased 11% year-over-year and compared with the first quarter 2023. Higher volumes were driven by increased producer activity, particularly in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin. Both regions saw double-digit volume increases year-over-year and compared with the first quarter 2023. Permian Basin volumes saw the largest increase, up 26% year-over-year, driven by continued growth from existing plants and volume from a new plant connection in the first quarter of 2023.  Volumes in the Rocky Mountain region increased 17% compared with the first quarter of 2023 and 14% compared with the same period last year driven by increased propane plus volume and slightly higher incentivized ethane. Mid-Continent region volumes increased 8% compared with the first quarter of 2023, partially driven by increased ethane recovery.  While we've seen ethane prices decrease recently from July highs, they remain at a level driving recovery in most basins. We think the recent volatility in ethane pricing is the market responding to some short-term dynamics along with the general tightening in the overall supply and demand balance. Given these market conditions, we remain confident in our ethane recovery assumptions included in our updated guidance. The Permian in near full recovery, the Mid-Continent in partial recovery and opportunities to incent recovery in the Williston.  As Walt mentioned, we've begun initial work, including purchasing long lead time components for 2 NGL pipeline expansion projects. Activities are underway to complete the looping of West Texas NGL pipeline, which will more than double ONEOK's NGL capacity out of the Permian Basin. The full loop is expected to be in service in the first quarter of 2025, which aligns with our customers' needs. We also are taking steps towards expanding the Elk Creek pipeline to 400,000 barrels per day to provide capacity for growing volumes in the Williston.  In the natural gas gathering and processing segment, second quarter processed volumes averaged nearly 2.2 billion cubic feet per day, a 16% increase year-over-year. In the Rocky Mountain region, processed volumes averaged nearly 1.5 billion cubic feet per day during the second quarter and have averaged more than 1.5 bcf per day in the month of July. We've connected more than 280 wells in the region through the first half of the year compared with approximately 160 connections in the first half of 2022, a 75% increase. As we sit today, we're on pace to reach the high end of our 475 to 525 well-connect guidance range for the year. Currently, there are approximately 35 rigs and 20 completion crews operating in the basin with 19 rigs and approximately half of the completion crews on our dedicated acreage which remains more than enough activity to grow production on our acreage.  In the Mid-Continent region, second quarter processed volumes increased 12% year-over-year and decreased slightly compared with the first quarter of 2023, primarily due to the timing of new pads coming online. We've seen some recent decreases in STACK and SCOOP activity in the past few months but continue to see increased activity in Western Oklahoma as producers are focusing on higher crude producing areas. We currently have 9 rigs on our dedicated acreage in the Mid-Continent and have connected 23 wells in the region through the first half of the year.  In the natural gas pipeline segment, strong year-to-date results continue to benefit from demand for natural gas storage and transportation services, and we now expect the segment to exceed the high end of its original earnings guidance range. We recently completed an expansion of our natural gas storage capabilities in Oklahoma, allowing us to utilize and subscribe an additional 4 billion cubic feet of our existing capacity. We have subscribed 100% of this incremental capacity through 2027 and 90% through 2029.  We continue to evaluate the Saguaro connector pipeline, a potential intrastate pipeline project that would provide natural gas transportation to the U.S. and Mexico border for ultimate delivery to an export facility on the West Coast of Mexico. There continues to be positive developments related to the potential LNG export project with support from multiple large, well-known customers anchoring the project. We expect to make a final investment decision on the ONEOK pipeline later this year.  Now I want to end where Pierce left off with a micro look at the Magellan transaction synergies. I will discuss how we define each category, an example of the opportunity, the sensitivities and comments on the overall risk weighting. The dollar ranges between our assumed case and the near-term potential are shown on Page 6 of our investor presentation for all 4 categories.  Liquids pipelines provide opportunities to move natural gas liquids and refined products through the same product pipelines. Both companies refer to this as batching. This operational technique utilizes available capacity and combined connectivity to ship a refined product or natural gas liquid to a demand center to capture a higher value. An annualized average of 100,000 barrels per day in any combination of refined products or NGLs at $0.07 per gallon would result in more than $100 million annually.  The ability to mix products to obtain a higher value is called blending. The combined assets will increase unleaded butane blending as well as other incremental blending opportunities, increasing an additional 25,000 barrels per day annually at a $0.20 per gallon uplift on any given slate of products or NGLs would result in approximately $75 million annually. As volumes grow or contracts expire, a wider variety of services can be combined or bundled to offer greater value to customers. This focuses on optimizing system utilization and connectivity to and from key customers and market centers. This is the one category where time and decisions, primarily by customers, will jointly be needed to realize this synergy. Picking up an incremental 25,000 barrels per day at $0.10 per gallon would provide approximately $40 million a year.  Additional opportunities that can be realized within the 1- to 4-year time frame include incremental refined product, NGL, and crude oil storage and optimization activities. We also see value and opportunities to leverage Magellan's proven marine export expertise. We have consistently said that acquisitions of this size often result in a 25% reduction in G&A cost, which, in this case, would be $200 million. However, we have assumed only $100 million in both the assumed case and the near-term potential case.  It's also important to point out when the transaction was announced, we significantly risk-weighted our financial assumptions to come up with our total assumed $200 million of synergies. This should highlight the level of conservatism we've applied to our expectations and also the potential upside to our assumptions, which we think could drive synergies to more than $400 million. As we've said previously, we have a high level of confidence in achieving the assumed $200 million of near-term synergies.  For obvious commercial reasons, we're not going to provide specific project level details at this time. However, we have provided realistic potential outcomes by categories. We believe our ability to batch and blend products on our combined pipeline systems as well as bundled services to increase value for customers will provide significant synergy opportunities over the next 1 to 4 years.  Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, Walt. We've had a strong first half of the year with a promising second half still ahead of us. We continue to focus on the fundamentals of our business that have gotten us where we are today. These fundamentals include customer service, reliability, innovation and, most importantly, a focus on operating safely and responsibly. We have a long and successful track record of growing and transforming our business while innovating for future opportunities but even through change and advancements over our more than 100-year history, ONEOK employees have been consistent in their dedication to doing things the right way.  In the coming weeks, we'll be publishing our 15th Annual Sustainability Report. I'd encourage you to review the report and see our many updates related to our environmental, safety and health performance, related targets, employee initiatives and examples of how we're economically participating in the future of energy transformation. We're proud to share our efforts and accomplishments, but we also know we can't stop there. As our company continues on our journey of growth, change and progress, we remain committed to operating responsibly and sustainably.  As we look forward to increasing our operations, workforce and expertise through the merger of Magellan. We're also excited to join 2 companies with proud histories with a more promising future combined. I want to thank all the employees from both companies that are working on integration plans while continuing to run daily operations. We look forward to building on all that both companies have accomplished, creating a larger, more diversified company with a shared commitment to safety and stakeholder value.  With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: I appreciate the prepared remarks and slide details around the commercial synergy opportunities. I was curious if we could just view -- if we could talk about if we should view the upside opportunity of synergies to be around $800 million versus the original $200 million that you talked about when the deal was announced? And then second, are there any assumptions around growth synergies on Slide 6, just given the larger integrated framework that you'll have? And if not, how should we think about the size and scope of those opportunities?
Pierce Norton: So this is Pierce. Brian. I'll start out with some comments, and I'll let Kevin fill in or share in either one. So the $800 million is a list of opportunities that we have that's fairly lengthy as far as what the potential could be based on certain volume assumptions, pricing assumptions, and time. And so you come up with your list first, and then you have to go back and risk weight those as to what you think can realistically be done.  I think in any of these transactions, you want to come up with the most comprehensive list possible realizing that you may not get them all. So we're very comfortable in that range of $200 million to $400 million. And so -- but we wanted to add the color to kind of show how we risk weighted both into that assumption.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Appreciate that. And I guess just a follow up, is there -- can you talk about the size and scope of those potential growth synergy opportunities, whether it's downstream, I guess?
Kevin Burdick: Brian, it's Kevin. No, I mean we've kind of provided as much as we're going to provide at this time. Again, just for competitive reasons, we're not going to -- we don't -- we prefer not to get into the details at this time of some of that. A lot of these will happen with not a lot of capital. Some may require a little bit, but we'll work those details as once we get closed and get into it.
Pierce Norton: The only thing I'd add to that, Brian -- this is Pierce -- is there's not one large opportunity in any one of those buckets that's driving it. It's multiple opportunities.
Brian Reynolds: Fair enough. And if I may just -- I know it's a little bit too early to discuss what the final company will look like post-merger but kind of just curious if you could just talk about leverage for a larger integrated company. We've seen NGL peers take leverage to 3x. And we've seen some recent spin co announcements talk about 5x as being the right number. So just kind of curious as a combined entity, what do you think the right leverage target is for ONEOK and Magellan?
Walter Hulse: Well, we definitely haven't changed our view on where we want to be from a long-term standpoint. We've heard out there that 3.5x, we thought was a good benchmark for us. We are going to trend that direction pretty quickly with this transaction. And as we said in the past, we have no issue if we trend a little bit lower than that 3.5x. But we think that puts us in a good position to take advantage of opportunities as they come down the road over time.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to start with the underlying -- the fundamental business -- fundamentals of the underlying business here. With the results that you've had raising the guidance as far as we are into '23 just wondering if you could talk a bit more on operational momentum in the business right now. How you see that trending into '24 to the extent you're able to comment and specifically with regards to the numbers put forth in the prospectus and knowing that that is not guidance, but just wondering if there's any frame of reference you can provide there is how you see results potentially shaping up versus that number?
Kevin Burdick: Jeremy, it's Kevin. I think it's shaping up very well. The activity levels we're seeing across our footprint really in all 3 of the major areas. And even a little activity in the Powder, but primarily the Bakken and the Permian announcing or talking about these expansion projects that we're pushing forward to me signals that volume's coming and the activity levels we're seeing right now in the Williston and the Permian would absolutely dictate that we would be continuing to grow as we move through '24.
Walter Hulse: Jeremy, the one thing I might do is give you a little bit of context on those numbers that were in the proxy. Those were numbers that were developed in September of '22 for our board meeting in November where we got the 2023 plan approved. The numbers for 2023 were the primary focus of those numbers. But as we've made -- as we stated in these conversations, and you'll remember, if you looked at the proxy that it goes back to September of 2022, we were using the same numbers for our board that we were using in our planning process. They were not a forward projection of our full view of what we would do in outer years. It was a pretty good view of 2023. So as we see these business opportunities grow, we will give guidance for '24 and beyond when we get to February and in future periods.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Maybe just one more cut at this. Is there any way, I guess, to provide color on what inputs were for -- driven into the 2024 numbers, such as Bakken rig count or other? And how they trend now versus what you saw at that point in time?
Walter Hulse: Like I said, I think that you should think about those numbers with the primary focus on 2023 to try to look forward 15 months and give a rig count is something that we don't typically try to do. We usually freshen that up and the team is actively thinking about that as we head into the fall for 2024.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Just real quick last one, if I could. If you could provide updated thoughts on the West Texas LPG loop and Elk Creek, what type of project economics you see for those investments?
Sheridan Swords: Jeremy, this is Sheridan. I'll start with the West Texas completing that loop. So we're just finishing completing the loop that we started in 2018. It's a very low cost per barrel of capacity loop, and we'll be adding the pipeline capacity when it's done coming out of the Permian will be well over 700,000 barrels. We have contracts in place that give us a very nice return on that project with still a lot of capacity left to be contracted as we go forward. So we're very excited about that project. I think that's going to be a very, very low multiple projects when we're done, high return.  On the -- coming out of the Elk Creek as we continue to see volume grow in the Elk Creek on obviously, out of our G&P presence up there, where we have a large majority, 60% of the market share up there and then off of what volumes we see from third parties that we've already contracted. We now see the opportunity that we need to grow this pipeline to make sure we don't get caught short. So with the margins we see on there and just putting in pumps on our pipeline and just the last bit of capacity, it's going to be another very high-return, low-multiple project on that.  So obviously very excited as we continue to grow forward. Just another example, as we said, we will not get caught short of volume coming out of the Bakken.
Operator: The next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: First, I'd like to get a little bit more detail on the batching opportunities. Do you have examples of which types do you see the most upside for batching? And are you already seeing commercial interest in this? And just what underlies that $0.07 per gallon estimate.
Sheridan Swords: I think we, this is Sheridan again. I'll give you 1 example of what we can do it as a batching opportunity is obviously with our Sterling pipeline that runs in between the Gulf Coast and the Mid-Continent region. We can put refined products on that to move refined products in between those 2 locations on the safe pipeline as we are moving NGLs on that pipeline as well.  So that's an example of an area where we could be moving back and forth between two areas on refined products on the NGL pipeline. That's an example of batching.
Theresa Chen: And what underlies the $0.07 estimate for the illustrative estimate?
Sheridan Swords: The reason we use $0.07 illustrated estimates, that's kind of what we see the overall tariff in between those 2 areas tend to be from more on the refined products pipeline as we see that, then obviously, there could be upside to that as we go forward, depending on where the markets are.  But that's -- we wanted to use a number that was out there in the market, and that's what we see today.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And on the blending piece, are you -- within this illustrative example, are you looking to blend 25,000 barrels per day of incremental butane into the gasoline pool? Or are you looking to expand margins by $0.20 for 25,000 barrels per day?
Sheridan Swords: I think we see a lot of opportunities in both areas. We're trying to give you an idea of what the impact could be and give you more of a notionally where we're thinking about going on that. It could be both. We could be -- we think that there's opportunity for increased margin. We also think there's an opportunity for increased volume. But we're trying to give you an idea of what the impact could be and a little bit of sensitivities around that. That's how we came up with the numbers that we gave you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: I want to go back to the proxy again for a minute specifically on the CapEx in the proxy for 2023, it's higher than your revised CapEx guidance here this morning. So I'm wondering if you could just explain the variance there? And then does that imply that '23 CapEx could go higher if you FID more projects for the balance of the year?
Walter Hulse: Michael, if you -- again, think of the timing when we did it. This is back September of last year. At that point in time, we thought the Saguaro pipeline would be further along in its process. We've now said that we expect FID between now and the end of the year. So that just from a timing standpoint, that analysis assumed that the Saguaro pipeline was fully included. And with the timing moving on that and some other projects, we see some of that kind of shifting out, some of it won't be realized that we will actually do it, and there may be other projects. The capital, as we look at commercial opportunities is continually revisited and the number that we gave you today is our expectation for 2023.
Michael Blum: Okay. Perfect. And then I just wanted to ask on the Elk Creek expansion, I'm assuming that this will be brought on in phases. So is that correct? And anything you can provide in terms of a timeline for when you'll be adding capacity? And then what is the cost of the project?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin. On the timing, we're not -- we're just going to -- we're not going to get caught short. As we look at our customers, we're going to make sure we've got that capacity there. We're still working through. And on the cost, we're given consistent with the NGL expansion as well, we decided to give here's what the impact is going to be in '23 as we move forward and we get to '24, then we'll provide -- it will be included in those numbers there as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Spiro Dounis with Citi.
Spiro Dounis: Maybe just to follow up on some of these questions and starting with CapEx. It sounds like these pipeline expansions are going to be pretty capital efficient. But maybe you could just give us a general sense of the trajectory on CapEx going into '24 on a stand-alone basis. Obviously, Mont Belvieu 5 dropping off you still have Mont Belvieu 6, you've added these pipeline expansions. And so directionally, without Saguaro, let's say, it doesn't seem like it's trending in any particular direction versus '23.
Kevin Burdick: I mean, this is Kevin. Again, we're not going to start guiding to '24 yet, but just notionally, you think about the projects, we've got our -- at the activity levels we're seeing, it'd be relatively consistent from just kind of that routine stuff. So to the extent we don't announce any other larger projects than it would be in the ballpark. But again, like Walt said, we're constantly looking at projects. We're evaluating projects and some pop and get to the point where we execute and others don't.  So it's kind of hard to say. But we don't -- there's nothing we're seeing other than Saguaro. It's more pipeline expansion type stuff.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. And second question actually is on Saguaro. I know you're still working towards an FID there. But I guess I'm just curious if you've seen any incremental interest beyond the LNG project downstream of that pipeline? And if you're also sort of feeling any interest from potential JV partners yet?
Kevin Burdick: Our focus right now on Saguaro is -- I mean, like we said in the remarks, there have been some positive developments, that's great. But our focus is on continuing to drive out and ensure we get the presidential permit and the timelines we need and continuing to refine our estimates, and we're focused on that -- the U.S. side of that pipeline.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson with Scotiabank.
Tristan Richardson: Kevin, you talked a little bit about the volatility we saw in June and July around ethane. But can you talk about maybe the dynamic you're seeing in the north obviously, with a tighter market at Belvieu with relief on the way and then obviously, weather's impact there. Were we able to see some incentivized ethane come in, into June? And then just curious maybe what you're seeing in the third quarter?
Kevin Burdick: Just -- I'll start. And just in general, at a high level, the environment does bounce around. That's why we talk about we'll have opportunities to incentivize ethane. Once again, you've got to look at what's going on with gas prices up north in Canada and what's going on with Belvieu ethane. So we've had those opportunities. It's moved around. We're not going to provide the specific volumes. But again, it continues to be an opportunity for us. I mean Sheridan, anything to add?
Sheridan Swords: One thing I'd add with that is that with this -- we had a big run-up in ethane prices, and it came off and overall is still higher than it was in the first part of June, which has allowed the Mid-Continent for later part of June, July and into August to be in full ethane recovery.
Tristan Richardson: That's helpful. And then maybe, Walt, I understand we're not talking about '24 CapEx just yet or even identifying the cost of specific projects at this point. But maybe can you talk a little bit about long lead time procurement in '23 and maybe just generally what proportion of a project that might be?
Walter Hulse: Well, I think that I would -- as you look forward, kind of think about it this way, that as Kevin mentioned, most of what we're looking at is build-outs from our existing system whether it's expansions or add-ons to that. So at the moment, we don't have any significant sized project that we have looming out there other than we've obviously talked about the potential of the Saguaro pipeline.  And the long lead times. In this environment, you always have to be on that game. And so we are looking at that as it relates to all of our projects and how we can be there to meet the needs of our customers going forward. So that's just a reality in this day and age.
Operator: The next question comes from Jean Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Salisbury: Kevin, can you give a little bit more detail on why the gas pipeline segment is doing so much better than guidance? It seems like a lot of it is from renegotiating storage up to higher rates. So if you can give any kind of direction on how much of your storage capacity has been renegotiated up to the current rates already? And how much might be yet to come, that would be helpful as well.
Kevin Burdick: Jean, really, it's just segment hitting on all cylinders. There's a variety of things. I mean, absolutely, after Uri, the increase in storage, both from an amount of storage contracted up and the rates we were getting that was a benefit. The segment has seen an opportunity, again, through its retained fuel and some gas sales to be opportunistic there. That's been strong. And with some market dynamics and how they've handled here recently parking loans and so forth has been a little bit of a benefit to us.  So really, the segments just performed outstanding, and we continue to find other projects as well. We're not done as it relates to looking at other storage opportunities, expansion opportunities, whether it be in Texas or Oklahoma. So again, segment is just doing a great job capturing the market opportunities that are provided.
Jean Salisbury: Great. And one more for you, if I can. It seems like Bakken volumes are outpacing your expectations a bit. If you can just kind of say whether that's primarily been a function of more oil growth overall, higher GOR than you forecast or more ethane recovery than you forecast or just all 3, that would be helpful.
Kevin Burdick: Well, when we think about gas, the gas production, that wouldn't have as much ethane recovery, but it's definitely the activity levels we're seeing, the productivity, it's a combination of both of those. Producers just continue to get better and better when it -- as it relates to their drilling techniques, their completion techniques, some of the length of the laterals has expanded in certain areas. All those things really go into giving us, again, a lot of strength as we exit Q2, where we're at and where we think it's going to go. So you're right. We do see strength, and we think we're in a great position.
Operator: Next question comes from Neil Mehta with Bank of America.
Neil Mehta: I noticed on the G&P side, you hit kind of the top end of your rate at $1.20 Mcf. I was wondering kind of the factors behind that, whether it was inflation, more wells driven towards the Bakken? And then how any commodity sensitivity would play into that and if that rate is sustainable going forward?
Sheridan Swords: Neil, this is Sheridan. A lot of that, obviously, the increase in rates is going to be -- we had inflationary factors in there. Depends on the contract mix where -- what contracts coming in there. We've renegotiated contracts. So it's overall, as we move through, we continue to improve those contracts, to go forward. But I think one of the biggest ones is probably more of the inflationary escalators having the biggest impact.
Neil Mehta: Okay. And then just a general question on the commercial synergies with batching, blending, bundling. How much of these synergies are kind of spread based and opportunistic versus finding new demand centers where kind of serving demand on a baseload basis.
Kevin Burdick: Neil, this is Kevin. I'll take it, and again, we're not going to get into project-specific details. But I think Sheridan mentioned earlier, it's going to be -- those opportunities are going to be a mix of both. It's going to be volumetric, and it's going to be rate. And to the extent we can find opportunities for the higher rates, great. If it's more volume, that's great, too. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Stanley with Wolfe Research.
Keith Stanley: First, just a quick follow-up on the blending synergies, the $70 million to $195 million. Is that predominantly butane blending? Or are there other types of product blending activities you see with the merger? I asked just because Magellan's business today is about $150 million a year on butane blending. So the synergy number is just pretty large.
Sheridan Swords: Keith, this is Sheridan. We see some opportunities in butane blending, but we see opportunities in other blending as well, not just on butane, but other NGLs into different products. We see -- be able to expand that and be able to actually do the butane blending that is being done today also cheaper.
Keith Stanley: Got it. And second question, just want to better understand the components of Saguaro. So it seems like Mexico Pacific's made really good progress with the trains being fully commercialized the first 2 anyway. Can you give an update on where you see things for the connecting pipeline in Mexico? I just have not heard as much about that. Is your understanding there's a lot that needs to be done on that to move forward? Or that's progressing well as well and consistent with your timeline?
Kevin Burdick: Well, again, this is Kevin. Keith, the remarks I made earlier, we're going to stick to those. We're working -- there have been some positive developments, like you said. But at the end of the day, we're focused on the U.S. side and making sure we are in line with the overall timing and needs of the projects. So that's our focus right now is really on the U.S. side.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist.
Jacob Nivasch: This is Jake Nivasch on for Neal. Just one for me. Going back to the synergies, but just touching on the different segment, the bundling part knowing like you guys said this is not entirely in your control, but I just wanted to get a sense, should we assume the synergies or the potential synergy opportunity that you're seeing here, is that -- would that be like evenly spread throughout the, I guess, 1- to 4-year time -- just near term in general? Or is that going to be lumpy potentially? Just trying to get a sense of the dynamics there.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, Neal, this is Sheridan. Yes, there's some -- I think there's some opportunities near term, but it is going to be a little bit lumpy. As we said in the remarks, it's a lot is going to be dependent on when contracts come up and as we continue to see how these 2 assets work together and multiple touch points with the same customer is going to create opportunities. So we're going to see some in the beginning and then as contract roll off, will be lumpy throughout the 4-year time period.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: You add existing asset and commodity optimization synergies, I just want to dig in a little different manner, more into Brian's question on combined growth project opportunities. I understand you don't want to get into commercially sensitive areas maybe relating to crude transport, exports and all kinds of other things. But would it surprise you to see the combined business perhaps produce $2 billion to $3 billion more aggregate incremental growth project opportunities at your normal historical 4x to 6x build multiple by late decade.
Walter Hulse: Craig, I think I would leave you with the thought that a lot of these opportunities are incremental off of our existing assets or Magellan's assets. So in most cases, we're expecting very low return -- very high return, low multiple opportunities. So not an enormous amount of capital that is necessary to make those hit. We will continue to evaluate that and see if there are other growth opportunities that come up. But I think that we would expect to be at the lower end of that 4x to 6x, if not significantly better than that.
Craig Shere: Got you. And one other follow-up, maybe a little over the skis on this because you've got to finish the merger, but -- once we get past that, do you intend to break out commercial synergies on an ongoing basis?
Pierce Norton: This is Pierce. We are in the process of deciding exactly how we're going to report all these segments. And then when we make that decision, we're going to move forward. But we're reporting by segment the way that we report on our business. As far as -- we'll give you as much detail as we possibly can without compromising anything we have from a competitive advantage standpoint.
Operator: The next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Thanks for all the details on the MMD transactions synergies. I was just curious, so it seems like where things stand now with regard to this transaction, there are some aspects of the transaction, which are beyond OK use control. So I was kind of curious if this weren't to go per the plan, what are some of the other levers that OK could pull to accelerate growth in the forward years?
Pierce Norton: Well, I think the way I'd answer that question is that both companies right now, we're focused on the vote. Magellan is focused on their vote and ONEOK, we're focused on our vote. We believe that the Magellan unitholders and the ONEOK shareholders are going to see the value in this deal, the combined companies. And I think we're scratching the surface there because when we get these 2 companies combined, I think and get our employees collaborating together, I'm very confident in the innovation of both companies is going to turn out to be something that people are going to really be proud that they voted yes for this deal.
Sunil Sibal: And then one clarification question. It seems like ONEOK filed a shelf last week for additional equity. So I was just curious if you could provide some context around that?
Walter Hulse: Sure. I'm actually glad you asked that question. That is just renewing the ATM plan that we have had in place for better part of 7 or 8 years. We've had -- we have not utilized that within the last 5 years and don't really have any expectation to utilize it going forward. But we do think it's a nice liquidity tool to have in our -- to have available to us, but there is no expectation that we would be using the ATM on a going-forward basis.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Andrew Ziola for closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in October and extends until we release earnings in late October. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 08:25:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the ONEOK First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Chad. And welcome to ONEOKs first quarter 2023 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder for Q&A, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one quick follow-up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, Ill turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Thank you.
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On todays call is Walt Hulse, our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, the Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2023 earnings and affirmed our full year 2023 financial guidance. Strong first quarter results were supported by continued earnings growth in each of our businesses, with higher Natural Gas Processed and Natural Gas Liquids volumes, providing a solid start to the year. Producer activity continues to drive new volume to our assets and recent conversations with customers point to additional activity through the remainder of the year. Crude prices well above breakeven economics in the Basins where we operate and continued strong demand for U.S. energy support, a constructive outlook for 2023. We provide midstream services to some of the largest, most well-capitalized producers in the U.S., helping contribute to our history of earnings stability and growth despite commodity prices. We continue to evaluate infrastructure and the needs of these customers so that we can provide added capacity or services aligned with their growth. The successful completion of our Demicks Lake III natural gas processing plant and MB-5 fractionator projects provide additional system capacity and resiliency, and are examples of our continued focus on organic growth aligned with our customers needs. We remain financially well positioned with significant balance sheet strength and flexibility to support continued growth. Our capital allocation priorities remain consistent, with ONEOKs unique ability to identify and execute on high return organic growth opportunities setting us apart. With that, Ill turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOKs first quarter 2023 net income totaled $1.05 billion or $2.34 per share and adjusted EBITDA for the period totaled $1.72 billion. As we discussed on our last call, we booked the gain related to the Medford insurance settlement in the first quarter, resulting in a net increase in operating income and adjusted EBITDA of $733 million. This reflects the insurance settlement gain of $779 million, offset partially by $46 million of third-party fractionation costs incurred during the first quarter. We expect third-party fractionation costs to remain around this level with the potential to decrease through the remainder of the year as our MB-5 fractionator ramps up. Excluding the Medford impact, net income increased 24% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA increased 14% over the same period, benefiting from increased NGL and natural gas processed volumes, higher average fee rates and higher natural gas storage rates. We ended the first quarter with a higher inventory of unfractionated NGLs primarily due to the timing of the MB-5 fractionator being placed in service and expect to recognize approximately $12 million over the second quarters and third quarters as that inventory is fractionated and sold. In April, Moodys upgraded ONEOKs credit rating to Baa2 from Baa3, recognizing our significant deleveraging, conservative financial policy and consistent strong operating and financial governance. Our net debt-to-EBITDA remains below our long-term target of 3.5 times and we had $680 million of cash and equivalents as of March 31st. Our cash balance is primarily made up of highly liquid government and treasury money market funds and deposit fully insured by the FDIC. Weve reduced our total debt -- net debt by more than $1 billion compared with the first quarter of 2022. In February 2023, we redeemed $425 million of 5% notes due September 2023 and we recently announced a June redemption of $500 million of 7.5% notes due September 2023, both with cash on hand. As Pierce mentioned, we affirmed our financial guidance expectations in yesterdays earnings release. With our strong first quarter performance and positive outlook for the remainder of the year, our confidence remains high in achieving our financial guidance. Ill now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Lets start with our Natural Gas Liquids segment. First quarter 2023 NGL volumes increased both year-over-year and compared with the fourth quarter of 2022, with higher producer activity levels driving increased C3+ or propane plus volumes on our system. Permian Basin volumes saw the largest increase up 17% compared with the first quarter of 2022 and 14% compared with the fourth quarter of 2022. We continue to have success contracting additional volumes in the Basin and connected one new third-party natural gas processing plant during the first quarter. Permian producer activity remains strong and we continue to consider incremental expansions on our West Texas NGL system to accommodate increasing volumes. Volumes in the Rocky Mountain region increased during the first quarter compared with the same period last year and decreased slightly compared with the fourth quarter 2022. The decrease was driven entirely by reduced ethane recovery as our propane plus volumes increased sequentially. We expect volumes to continue to grow in the spring and summer months. In the Mid-Continent region, consistent producer activity in the STACK and SCOOP continues to drive NGL volumes on our system. Raw feed throughput volumes increased compared with the fourth quarter 2022, driven primarily by higher ethane recovery. Regarding the macro ethane environment, we expect domestic petrochemical utilization rates to continue to improve as we move through 2023. With lower sustained natural gas pricing and lower ethane inventory levels driving improved ethane economics and volumes across our system. Through the remainder of the year, we continue to expect that the Permian Basin will stay at high levels of ethane recovery, the Mid-Continent will be in partial recovery and that we will have opportunities for incentivized recovery in the Rocky Mountain region. In April, we completed our 125,000 barrel per day MB-5 fractionator in Mont Belvieu. With MB-5 now fully operational, our system-wide fractionation capacity is nearly 900,000 barrels per day. The added capacity will be used to accommodate volume growth and reduce third-party fractionation needs. We remain on track to complete our MB-6 fractionator in the first quarter of 2025. In the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, first quarter processed volumes averaged more than 2.1 billion cubic feet per day, an 11% increase compared with the first quarter of 2022. In the Rocky Mountain region, processed volumes averaged nearly 1.4 billion cubic feet per day during the first quarter and have recently reached more than 1.5 Bcf per day. We connected nearly 150 wells in the region during the quarter, compared with approximately 90 connections in the first quarter of 2022, a more than 60% increase. Well connections in the region are currently on pace to exceed our guidance midpoint of $500 million for the year. There are currently approximately 40 rigs and 23 completion crews operating in the Basin with 20 rigs and approximately half of the completion crews on our dedicated acreage. We continue to expect additional rigs entering the region as we exit winter. In the Mid-Continent region, first quarter processed volumes averaged more than 750 million cubic feet per day, a 27% increase year-over-year. We connected 11 wells in the region during the first quarter, compared with six in the first quarter 2022 and are on track to be within our guidance of 45 to 55 connections. There are currently more than 50 rigs and 11 completion crews operating in the region, with 10 rigs on our dedicated acreage. Despite weakness in natural gas prices, we continue to see strong activity in the higher crude and NGL rich producing areas of the region, where producers are focusing their drilling. In the Natural Gas Pipeline segment, strong first quarter results continue to benefit from firm transportation services and the demand for natural gas storage. We are on track to complete an expansion of our natural gas storage capabilities in Oklahoma in the second quarter, allowing us to utilize and subscribe an additional 4 billion cubic feet of our existing storage capacity. We have subscribed 100% of this incremental capacity through 2027 and 90% through 2029. We continue to evaluate the Saguaro Connector Pipeline, a potential intrastate pipeline project that would provide natural gas transportation to the U.S. and Mexico border for ultimate delivery to an export facility on the West Coast of Mexico. There continue to be positive developments related to the potential LNG export project and we still expect to make a final investment decision on the ONEOK pipeline in mid-2023. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Walt and Kevin. As you both have highlighted, ONEOK is well positioned for another year of strong financial and operational performance. We continue to execute on high return organic growth projects and remain intentional, and disciplined in looking for additional opportunities to add value for our business and our stakeholders. Demand for our products and services remains robust and were continually looking for opportunities to enhance the vital services we provide for our customers. Our employees take pride in our position as a leading midstream operator, maintaining our focus on operational reliability, safety and environmental responsibility. As part of our core values, a focus on safety and environmental performance is at the core of our business and were proud of the cultures weve built around these key areas. 2023 is not only a year of continued financial progress, but also a year to continue our commitment to responsible operations, emissions reduction projects and our continued pursuit of a zero incident culture. With that, Operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Brian Reynolds from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Reynolds: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Maybe to start off on the third-party frac fees. The original guidance stipulates roughly $0.25 billion in costs for all of 2023, but 1Q trended better than expected, and now with MB-5 up and running, kind of curious if you can give us an updated view on how we should see third-party frac fees trending going forward and into next year? Thanks.
Walt Hulse: So, Brian, as we said in the remarks, we expect that $46 million level to be viewed as kind of a run rate going forward with the potential for us to do better as we bring up MB-5 throughout the balance of the year.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks. And as a follow-up, maybe just touch on the Bakken activity levels are off to a strong start this year with weather helping out in 1Q, given ONEOK has completed roughly a third of its Rockies well connects in 1Q. I was wondering if we should expect a slowdown in activity from producers or if we continue to see similar activities going -- similar activity going forward? Thanks.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, Brian, its Kevin. I think we see similar activity levels, if not a little bit stronger. Now we did as -- if you remember in the fourth quarter, we were a little light on our connections and said that just timing had slipped some of those into the first quarter, so that was part. But there -- the activity levels with 20 to 20-plus rigs on our acreage and that looking to be consistent, if not growing moving forward. I dont see the activity level slowing down. Thats why we think, right now were -- with those tailwinds looking that wed be ahead of our midpoint of the guidance for the well connects.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Appreciate it. I will leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: And the next question will be from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Pierce Norton: Good morning, Jeremy.
Walt Hulse: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to dial into the Bakken a little bit more, if I could. That was helpful with the 1.5 Bcf per day volume number that you provided there, but just wondering on the NGL side itself. I think we saw the Bakken NGLs tick down a little bit quarter-over-quarter, but the rates went up a little bit quarter-over-quarter. Just wondering, I guess, where you see that now? How you think about NGL volumes trending in kind of like the ethane extraction economics at this point?
Sheridan Swords: So, Jeremy, this is Sheridan. What I would tell you is that, as we said in the remarks, the decrease in volume quarter-over-quarter was due to less ethane that we incentivized in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, and actually, our C3+ volume on the NGL system was up quarter-over-quarter. So we still see good growth -- good trajectory of growth going through 2023, and with low gas prices right now and we think that ethane is really the preferred feedstock in the petrochemicals, we will have plenty of opportunity to incentivize ethane other Bakken going forward as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks. And just wanted to kind of pivot with the insurance proceeds, obviously, a lot of capacity on the balance sheet and thinking about where that could be deployed going forward between growth or buybacks or what have you. And just any updated thoughts, I guess, as far as incremental West Texas LPG looping or other extensions of the value chain such as LPG export facility in the Houston Ship Channel.
Pierce Norton: Well, Ill start out with the first part of it and kick it over to the other guys for the West Texas part of. Jeremy, youre absolutely right. Our balance sheet is in a stellar shape at this point and it does give us quite a bit of flexibility. Our priorities havent changed at all. Our first priority is to find very high return projects that we can grow our business. Our debt reduction has kind of achieved the goals that we were looking for and that does create our flexibility for further dividend increases and potentially even stock buybacks over time. But that is our list of priorities, and as I said, high return growth projects that theyre at the top of the list and thats a good segue into West Texas LPG.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah. Jeremy, its Kevin. The -- as we think about, like we said in the remarks, with -- the Permian volumes have been strong for us. Weve seen nice growth there. So, clearly, were continuing to evaluate and well stay ahead of any capacity needs we had by through our looping of West Texas LPG. So well stay on top of that and wont get caught short capacity.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Michael Blum from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask on the Saguaro Pipeline project around contracting. What percent of the pipeline do you need to be contracted to move forward and whats sort of an average length of contract that youre looking for?
Kevin Burdick: Well, Michael, its Kevin. As we think about Saguaro, well look at that project from an integrated perspective. I mean youve got the contracts with the LNG facility, the potential pipeline in Mexico and our potential pipeline. So all those are related. At the end of the day, the offtakers are the ones that will be looking for the transportation out of Waha. So thats the way were thinking about that. Not ready to talk about any contract terms or rates or anything like that yet. Still early in the process. But we are taking the steps forward and continue to move it forward. So, hopefully, well be in a position to announce something midyear.
Michael Blum: Okay. Great. So just maybe a follow-up on that, since midyear is fast approaching here. If you do go forward with the project, would that result in some increase in 2023 CapEx and then just, generally, when would be CapEx for the project be spent?
Kevin Burdick: Well, that will all depend on when it -- we would announce something. But again, not ready to talk about any specific capital that might hit, because were still unsure when it might be FID.
Michael Blum: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Tristan Richardson from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Tristan Richardson: Hey. Good morning, guys. Kevin, I appreciate your comments on the Permian. Obviously, youve got production growth there, as well as adding a new plant -- a third-party plant. But you also talked about contracting additional volumes. Can you kind of talk about that environment, whether these are medium-, long-term deals? Just kind of what that environment looks like and how that may have contributed to the first quarter?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think, a lot of the volumes that weve seen on our system are growing volumes on contracts that may have been put in place several years ago, back when even pre-COVID. But we also have seen opportunities to go contract new volumes. And Sheridan, do you want to talk about some of the things weve seen there?
Sheridan Swords: Yeah. I mean, obviously, volume is growing well in the Permian Basin. And as we have a lot of relationship with producers out there and processors that weve been able to get our fair share, if not a little bit more of the volume thats come up. So weve had good luck contracting new volume, a lot of that is coming through existing plants on our system or the potential for new plants as we look into the Board. But we think were -- have a compelling story out there to be highly competitive in a very competitive area and we are seeing some success.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it, Sheridan. And then maybe just the obligatory high level question. Obviously, strong results in the first quarter. Just thinking about the full year outlook, some of the conditions necessary to hit the high end versus what might need to happen to see the low end occur?
Pierce Norton: Hey, Tristan. This is Pierce. I think you all have picked up on the fact that, were coming out of the first quarter with some really, really strong tailwinds and that actually is a very positive move for us, a lot of times during the first quarter were trying to explain kind of the different trajectories that we have, but we really, really like the trajectory that were on now and weve affirmed our guidance range and stay tuned for the quarters to come.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And the next question is from Theresa Chen from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Within the G&P segment, can you talk about the fee escalation that I think kind of just wholly steps up in the second quarter now that were a month and change through it, how thats trending now and how that gets to your guidance within the fee range?
Kevin Burdick: Theresa, its Kevin. On the fee rate, again, thats going to move around on a couple of factors. One is just various contract mix as new volume comes on the system every quarter and then the others is the contract escalators that kick in. So weve said, historically, and previously that in G&P segment, that typically occurs in the spring. So youre just seeing just the minor moves like that or just contract mix moving around from quarter-to-quarter.
Theresa Chen: Okay. And then in terms of the third-party frac fee, so I understand that you have downsized from the $46 million per quarter as you utilize some of the space on MB-5. But as some of your competitors are also bringing on additional frac capacity second half of this year and into next year, would you expect that the spot fee will also weaken to some extent. So is there further downside even in addition to you being able to use MB-5?
Walt Hulse: I think that is the potential as we look out into 2024. A lot of what we did in 2023, we have contracted it at a certain rate. But as we get into 2024 or for some reason we would need a little bit more in 2023, were definitely seeing spot frac rates are a lot lower than they were six months ago and that will -- we predict that will continue into 2024. So we could see some additional downside or upside as it would be for us on lower third-party frac fees.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Spiro Dounis from Citi. Please go ahead.
Spiro Dounis: Thanks, Operator. Hi, guys. First question actually one for about Elk Creek. Curious, you talked about keeping pace with customer needs and I acknowledge this question is probably a bit on the early side. But just given the well connect outlook, potential breathing recovery, GOR is increasing over the next year or so. When is it sort of time to start thinking about not expansion? How are you guys thinking about some of the capital needs and timing that will go into that?
Pierce Norton: I think Ill kind of give a high level thing, throw it to Kevin here. But I can tell you that weve said before that were not going to get short -- cost short on capacity. So as your question of when does it start time to thinking about it, were thinking about it. So Ill let Kevin kind of fill in the blanks there.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah. We are with the strength weve seen recently and even going back to last year with the activity levels and the producer, the rigs that were there. But particularly now as we move into Q1 and seeing what we have seen from the producers, were definitely taking steps that -- are already taking steps necessary to ensure that weve got the capacity when we need it.
Spiro Dounis: Great. Thats helpful color. Second question kind of outside the quarter as well, but over the last two years or so, even before that weve sort of seen you lean more in some more utility-like businesses, new storage expansions, now the potential Saguaro Pipeline, more take-or-pay style. Is that part of kind of a larger plan to introduce even more earnings stability into the platform and how should we think about maybe other avenues where you can continue to grow there?
Pierce Norton: Well, the short answer to that is yes. This is Pierce. But those things are really driven by customer demands as well, but we definitely are looking for those opportunities. Thats part of the intentionality of the diversification into those more stable earnings type areas in our footprint. So the short answer is yes.
Spiro Dounis: Understood. Appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good morning. I just have one -- another one on this Saguaro Connector. I guess my understanding is that inside Mexico pipelines have -- I dont think so a disaster, but have generally been very, very far delayed and not successful. How does ONEOK and how do investors get confidence that if you build another pipeline to the border that the rest of it will be on time?
Kevin Burdick: Okay. Jean, this is Kevin. I think the way I would answer that is, I mean, obviously, we -- as we come to a decision to FID or not, that will be -- were factoring in whats going on with the full aspect of the pipeline. And I think its safe to say you know us well be do the things we need to do from our contractual position to mitigate that risk as much as we possibly can.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: And thank you. The next question is from Neal Dingmann from Truist. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, all. Thanks for the time. My first question is just on the contract structure. Im just wondering maybe in the type of valid commodity tapered now, could you remind me, I dont think its changed much, but I just want to make sure Ive got this. What percent of this years earnings you expect to be fee based and Im just wondering, do you all have availability. I dont know any of these contracts to potentially walk them up the remainder of the year?
Walt Hulse: Just, overall, we said were 90% fee-based and 10% commodity exposed. And then you think about the G&P business with our POP contracts where some of the direct commodity exposure occurs. Were well hedged in 2023. So that even reduces that commodity exposure further. So really, its a -- when you just look at it on an earnings perspective, its a small percentage that we have direct commodity exposure.
Neal Dingmann: Perfect. Okay. And then my second just on the Rocky Mountain Nat Gas G&P. You did have a nice step up last quarter on the total there. Im just wondering if you remind me, how should we think about the expected cadence for the remainder of the year? I see that -- I forget what slide Im looking at here, but obviously, the guide youve got for the year still, were now already at the low side, but youve got a pretty good range. Im just wondering how is pretty good step-ups we should think about?
Walt Hulse: Youre talking about the Gathering and Processing the volumes...
Neal Dingmann: Correct. Correct.
Walt Hulse: from Rocky Mountain region.
Neal Dingmann: Yeah.
Walt Hulse: Okay. I mean, yeah, we -- the first quarter, you were at the low end, and if you go to the -- we referenced, we had reached here recently 1.5 Bcf. So we definitely think theres some -- theres a ramp and thats one of the tailwinds Pierce mentioned is where we sit today from a Bakken or Rockies volume perspective, were in really good shape.
Neal Dingmann: Great to hear. Thank you all.
Operator: And the next question is from Neel Mitra from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. A lot has been answered. So I wanted to go a little bit beyond the quarter and with the Medford proceeds and what seems to be a strong 2023, it seems like your leverage levels are trending well below kind of the 3.5 times target. So when you think about that a little bit longer term, do you plan to stay lower like some of your peers or are you thinking more about dividend increases, repurchases or possible acquisitions and just in terms of how you plan to think about the mix?
Walt Hulse: Sure. Neel, this is Walt. Well, if you back out the gain from the Medford settlement, were at 3 -- we are around 3.4 times. So, yes, were through 3.5 times, but were not meaningfully below it at this point. We are not concerned if that trend is lower. We would -- if we dont have investment opportunities, we like it probably would trend lower in the short-term. But we continue to look at attractive opportunities. Weve spoken a little bit about the increases were seeing in the various basins and some of the expansion plans that we might need to do on some of the pipes and the like. So those are very, very high return types of projects and thats where we like to be first. And then we have flexibility for other capital return now that were down and achieve these goals.
Neel Mitra: Got it. And then second question, I know youve seen a lot of stickiness in terms of the rigs on your activity, but now the -- just weve seen crude fall below $70 twice this year. How do you see the producer activity given that a lot of publics have budgeted around $70 if we stay in this environment over intermediate to longer term?
Kevin Burdick: Well, Neel, this is Kevin, and I havent had a lot of time to talk to our customers over the last couple of days. But, what I would say, youre right, the rigs have been very sticky. I like that word. As we -- as prices -- if you rewind, rigs really start coming back to the Bakken in earnest as prices move through $50, $55. Thats when we started seeing the stickiness. Now when it ran up to $110, rigs didnt necessarily follow. But then as the prices came back down, they didnt go away either. So we still feel very good. Its not a matter of -- thats still well above breakeven. Producers are still make -- generating a tremendous amount of cash flow even at the prices were seeing on the tape right now. So that would give me a lot of confidence that were going to continue to see that stickiness even in this type of environment.
Pierce Norton: And the only thing Id add to that -- this is Pierce is, I get the opportunity to go around and meet with these heads of many of these exploration and production companies, and they take a really long-term view. So its not just what is the price today, yes, the price has fallen off, improved the last couple of days. But theyre taking a long-term view of what do they think crude is going to do over time, because until they get the rigs drilled out there, drill wells producing, you dont have the opportunity to capture whatever price it is out there. So they really take a long-term view and it seems to be a very wide path that they look at now as far as a range of prices that they dont really get emotional and go either up or down. They stay very steady.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Great. I appreciate the color.
Operator: And the next question will come from Sunil Sibal from Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for the clarity on the call. So I wanted to start off on Bakken. I think there has been some chatter in the E&P community about well productivity. So I was curious if you could talk about -- in the past youve talked about close to 400 wells per year to maintain your gas volumes. I was curious if that number has changed in your view based on some of the recent results and also it seems like gas-to-oil ratio have trended down recently?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. There was a couple of questions in there. One is on well productivity and we really have not seen a degradation at all in the well productivity. Weve -- there has been a little bit of movement with the strong prices to different areas of the play. So weve seen some changes a little bit in potentially the gas-to-oil ratio, but nothing that would cause us concern to think that wells are getting less productive. If anything, producers, if theyre drilling in the same areas, the technology continues to improve and weve seen strong results. So we dont have any concerns at this point on whats going on with well productivity or the GORs.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. And then my follow-up was on your Natural Gas Pipeline segment. It seems like a pretty strong Q1 and even if the remainder of the year turns out to be similar to last year. I think you would exceed that guidance. So I was just curious if there are any one-time items in Q1, which helped the gas pipelines?
Chuck Kelley: Sunil, this is Chuck. No. Q1 was a solid quarter for us in all regards. Our storage revenues were higher. Obviously, we had some gas sales that we were able to pick up in the quarter like we typically do first quarter. So there wasnt a single outlier that generated debt performance. So balance of the year, we expect to be at or above our midpoint and looking forward to see what opportunities come about this summer.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will be from Colton Bean from Tudor, Pickering & Holt. Please go ahead.
Colton Bean: Hi. Just a quick follow-up on Saguaro. It looks like the proposed 48-inch diameter would offer plenty of capacity over and above the proposed LNG exports in that. So can you speak to how you scope that project and what opportunities you might be tracking downstream apart from LNG?
Kevin Burdick: Colton, this is Kevin. Well, were just lining up again with whats going on with the possible export facility. So as we just back up from there and what theyre talking about building in Mexico and what we would need to build for the border crossing. Thats what were looking at right now. But not ready to talk about any other opportunities or so forth. But theres potential plans for the LNG facility for additional trains and so we scoped the pipe kind of what -- and what they were looking for.
Colton Bean: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere: Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. So the Permian NGL unit rates were shown at about $0.06 versus over $0.06 in the fourth quarter. Wondering if theres any detail or trending there? And could you remind us roughly on the increments that you can increase Elk Creek with additional pumping and what kind of CapEx that would incrementally run?
Walt Hulse: Craig, Ill take the first -- Ill take the last one and then let Sheridan talk about the fee rates. On the Elk Creek expansion, as Pierce alluded to, Yes, were -- its adding pumps up and down the pipe. So thats -- that would be the scope of the project. We havent talked to any specifics on what that would cost and -- but, again, were not going to get caught short of capacity and were already taking the steps necessary to hopefully bring that forward.
Sheridan Swords: Craig. This is Sheridan here.
Craig Shere: Thank you. Sorry. I am sorry. Could you quickly just elaborate how quickly or soon that can be done. Its pretty efficient stuff, right? So can you do it well under a year once the decision is made or how quickly can you roll that out?
Walt Hulse: That -- again, were still working through. Thats the steps were taking is to understand exactly what that would be working with power companies, working with pump providers and things like that. So we -- those are the steps. The types of steps were taking to ultimately come up with how long it might take. But, yeah, its not like building a brand-new pipeline start to finish.
Pierce Norton: Hi. This is Pierce.
Craig Shere: All right. Thank you.
Pierce Norton: The only thing Id add to that is, the thing to remember on that as it relates to capital is, these are very high return projects. So whatever the number is, when we announced today that were going to do this, just be assured that its a very high return project.
Craig Shere: Understood. And those Permian NGL unit rates?
Sheridan Swords: Yeah. Craig, this is Sheridan. I mean we always see a little bit of escalation or changing up and down in our fee rates. It all depends on where the volume is coming from. And one of the biggest thing that drives that is if were getting a little bit more volume from a transport-only contract versus the TNF contract or is that mix is a little bit, its going to play with that rate just slightly and youre just seeing just a little bit of a slight change. I mean its just noise. Its really immaterial. Its just kind of contract mix.
Craig Shere: Got it. So no trend going on there, just bouncing around.
Sheridan Swords: No trends. Theres no trends going on.
Craig Shere: Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for any closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in July and extends until we release earnings in early August. Well provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all and have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the ONEOK Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, MJ, and welcome, everyone, to ONEOK's Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2022 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pearce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. On today's call is Walter Hulse, our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines. Yesterday, we announced strong fourth quarter and full year '22 performance. We met our 2022 financial guidance expectations despite weather-related events and a significant operational incident. We also achieved our ninth consecutive year of adjusted EBITDA growth in 2022. Through the efforts of our workforce and the resiliency of our assets, we have provided exceptional value for our stakeholders and have positioned ONEOK to continue delivering growth in 2023. I believe the term resiliency is a great description descriptor of 2022 and will continue to be a focus of our operations going forward. Our people, assets and earnings continue to prove their resiliency flexibility and stability. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we also provided 2023 financial and volume guidance expectations. Higher natural gas processing and NGL volumes and strong fee-based earnings are expected to contribute to higher earnings in 2023 as we continue to focus on both growing our core business and innovating for future opportunities. There are key differentiators of ONEOK's business that have proven critical to our past success and offer us confidence in the future. These differentiators provide stability, resiliency and unique opportunities for growth. First, our solid and growing base business, which features strategically positioned assets in some of the most productive U.S. shale basins connected with some of the largest and most well-capitalized producers in the U.S. who provide stable and growing supply to our systems. Our margins in our core businesses are approximately 90% fee-based with minimum direct commodity price exposure because of our proactive hedging strategy; second, our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings, which provides significant financial flexibility. We've reduced our leverage to below 3.5x and significant -- a significant milestone for us. We provided investors with more than 25 years of dividend stability and growth not cutting our dividend during the COVID challenge years and recently announced a dividend increase. Third, our proven track record of intentional and disciplined growth. We continue to benefit from significant operating leverage across our systems, enabling us to continue focusing on lower capital, high-return projects and investments to support producer growth across our operations. Our strong return on invested capital is a source of pride for ONEOK and is a key metric for evaluating our management's team performance annually. Our nearly 15% ROIC in 2022 highlights the scrutiny that we place on investments, the efficiency of our capital and the high quality of our projects earnings, and this disciplined growth also approaches and will continue. Finally, the continued demand of the energy products and services that we provide, which are vital to our national security and the quality of life, in which we believe will play an important role in a transforming energy future. U.S. natural gas and natural gas liquids remain abundant and reliable. The products that we move will continue to provide much needed energy domestically and globally. We enter 2023 from a position of strength driven by a year of solid financial and operational performance. And as you can see, there are many reasons why we are confident and optimistic about ONEOK's future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. As we detailed in yesterday's press release, we expect continued growth in our businesses in 2023 after achieving our 2022 financial guidance even with some challenging events. ONEOK's fourth quarter and full year 2022 net income totaled $485 million and $1.72 billion, respectively, representing increases of 28% for the fourth quarter and 15% for the full year compared with the same period in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA also increased year-over-year, totaling $967 million in the fourth quarter 2022 and $3.62 billion for the full year. Our strong financial performance was driven by increased producer activity, higher realized commodity prices, higher average fee rates and higher natural gas storage and transportation services. In January, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.95 per share or $3.82 per share on an annualized basis, marking a return to dividend growth following 3 years of dividend stability. In November 2022, we completed a $750 million senior notes offering due in 2032, generating net proceeds of $742 million, which was primarily used to repay short-term debt. And just yesterday, we redeemed $425 million of 5% senior notes due September 23 with cash on hand. Our year-end net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.46x, in line with our previously discussed aspirational target of 3.5x or less. As it relates to Medford, we reached an agreement with our insurers in early January to settle all claims related to the incident for total insurance payments of $930 million, which included $100 million that was paid in 2022. We received the remaining $830 million in the first quarter of 2023, and applied approximately $50 million to an outstanding 2022 insurance receivable. We provided a table in our earnings release showing the line-by-line details. The remaining $780 million will be recorded as a gain in our operating income in the first quarter of 2023. As Pierce mentioned, with yesterday's earnings announcement, we provided 2023 financial guidance, including a net income midpoint of $2.41 billion and an EPS midpoint of $5.36 per share diluted share. We also provided and adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $4.575 billion. Our guidance includes the net effect of the onetime insurance settlement gain of $780 million and future method related costs, primarily third-party fractionation, which we estimate will total $240 million in 2023. We expect Medford related costs to be significantly lower in 2024 due to our ability to fully utilize the MB-5 fractionator to substantially reduce third-party fractionation costs compared with 2023. By taking the full settlement of $780 million, less the $240 million of expected third-party costs in 2023, you get a total approximately $540 million related to the settlement that has been assumed in our $4.575 billion adjusted EBITDA guidance midpoint for 2023. Excluding the effect of the settlement and the third-party costs of $540 million, this still amounts to more than $4 billion, double-digit earnings growth which we referenced on our last earnings call. We also expect double-digit earnings growth at the midpoint for both natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segments driven by higher volume expectations across our operations. Kevin will provide more detail on each of the operating segments in a moment. Our 2023 guidance assumes producer activity associated with WTI crude oil prices in the range of what we are currently seeing in the market. We expect total capital expenditures of $1.38 billion, which includes growth in maintenance capital. This midpoint reflects the investments necessary to keep up with expected increase in producer activity, the completion of MD5 early in the second quarter of 2023 and also more than $300 million related to MD6 this year. Excluding the MD6 expenditures, our total CapEx would have been lower than 2022. Our 2023 CapEx guidance does not include the Saro Connector pipeline or any other projects that have not reached a final investment decision. Our routine growth capital accounts for higher number of well connects and our higher return projects such as natural gas storage expansions, pump stations and compression expansions to meet customer needs. Finally, as it relates to the 15% alternative minimum tax associated with the inflation Reduction Act, we expect the AMT to have an impact on our cash taxes beginning with the 2024 tax year. You can find details in our 10 -K when it is filed later today. I will now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. We saw strong full year natural gas gathering and NGL volumes on our system in 2022 despite several weather events during the year, providing continued growth in our primarily fee-based earnings. NGL volumes were particularly strong in the Rocky Mountain region, increasing 12% year-over-year due to higher activity levels and increased opportunities to recover ethane from the region. Well connects across our operations increased 24% compared with 2021, and we saw a solid return of activity in the Mid-Continent driving a significant increase in well connections in the region and higher natural gas processing volumes on our system. We'll continue to see the benefits of this activity throughout 2023 as volumes ramp. Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment exceeded its 2022 financial guidance range on higher earnings from long-term storage services and higher rates from renegotiated contracts customers continue to see the value in our storage assets, and we continue to evaluate opportunities to expand these services. Turning to 2023. A Key drivers for our higher 2023 guidance includes stable producer activity, providing higher natural gas and NGL volumes across our systems, continued strength in fee-based earnings and rates and higher expected realized commodity prices due to hedges placed at higher price levels compared with 2022. At the midpoints, our 2023 volume guidance would result in a 7% increase in total NGL volumes and an 11% increase in total natural gas processing volumes compared with 2022. In the natural gas liquids segment, we expect volume growth to be driven by strong producer levels, a producer activity across our operations, a continuing the momentum we saw from producers in 2022. Higher average fee rates will also contribute to the segment's earnings as contract escalators continue to be realized throughout the year. NGL market dynamics point toward a continued improvement in global demand with China reopening and with lower natural gas prices, resulting in an attractive environment for U.S. pet chems. We expect this current market to drive increased activity from the U.S. petrochemical industry relative to global pet chems while the U.S. position being with the U.S. position being one of the lowest on the global cost curve. On our system, we expect the Permian Basin to stay in high ethane recovery in 2023 and for the Mid-Continent to be in partial recovery as natural gas prices fluctuate seasonally. We also expect to continue to see opportunities to incentivize ethane recovery in the Rocky Mountain region this year. We are on track to complete our 125,000 barrel per day MB-5 fractionator in Mont Belvieu early in the second quarter of 2023. And we recently announced MB-6 which we expect to be complete in the first quarter of 2025. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. We expect volume growth again this year in both the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions, driven by producer activity levels, resulting in more well connections than in 2022. In the Rocky Mountain region, we expect processed volumes to grow 11% at the midpoint compared with 2022 and averaged nearly 1.5 billion cubic feet per day in 2023. Already this year, despite winter weather, we've reached a process volumes as high as 1.46 billion cubic feet per day in February, a new record for the segment. We completed construction on the 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake III processing plant this month, providing our customers with needed capacity as well as operational redundancy. Activity levels in the Williston Basin remains strong, particularly considering we are just entering March. There are currently more than 40 rigs and 22 completion crews operating in the basin compared with just over 30 rigs and 13 completion crews at this time last year. Producers remain committed to the region, and we anticipate a few more rigs will return as we move into spring. At our guidance midpoint, we expect to connect 500 wells in the region this year a nearly 40% increase compared with 2022. We've already connected nearly 90 wells through February and have remained steady at more than 20 rigs operating on our dedicated acreage. Additionally, there remains a large inventory of around 500 DUCs basin-wide with approximately half on our acreage. Keep in mind that in the Bakken, producer economics are driven by crude oil and customers -- our customers are some of the largest and most well capitalized in the country. This means recent fluctuations in commodity prices and specifically lower natural gas prices have not had an impact on producer activity levels on our acreage. We also expect gas-to-oil ratios to remain strong and continue to trend higher in the future, which can drive volume on our systems even without increased producer activity. In the Mid-Continent region, we continue to see positive activity with approximately 10 rigs currently operating on our acreage and more than 50 across the region. We expect process volumes to grow 12% at our guidance midpoint compared with 2022 and average more than 700 million cubic feet per day in 2023. Rig activity across the basin will also continue to drive additional NGLs to our system. In the natural gas pipeline segment, we continue to expect strong demand for natural gas storage and transportation services in 2023. At the end of 2022, nearly 80% of our natural gas storage capacity was contracted under long-term agreements, and our pipeline transportation capacity was nearly 95% contracted. We expect similar levels in 2023. Work continues on a project that will expand our storage capabilities in Oklahoma by 4 billion cubic feet and we are currently evaluating reactivating previously idled storage facilities in Oklahoma and Texas. Construction also continues on our Viking pipeline compression electrification project. The Oklahoma storage expansion and Viking project are both slated for completion this year. Additionally, in late December 2022, a ONEOK subsidiary filed a presidential permit application with the FERC to construct and operate new international border crossing facilities at the U.S. and Mexico border. The proposed border facilities would connect upstream with a potential ONEOK intrastate natural gas pipeline called the Swaro Connector pipeline and with a new pipeline under development in Mexico for ultimate delivery to an export facility on the West Coast of Mexico. Since the announcement, there have been several positive developments related to the potential LNG export project. And a final investment decision on the ONEOK pipeline is expected in mid-2023. Pearce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, Walt. We covered a lot today, and we have many reasons to feel confident in our 2023 guidance and our expectations for more growth this year. Everything that we've talked about today, from our 2022 performance to our future expectations and key differentiators for growth are all underscored by our commitment and focus on safety and environmental performance. Our company and our industry aren't immune to incidents, but I'm proud of how we have responded when challenges do occur and how we continue working to improve our performance going forward, focusing on safety and the health of our employees and the communities near where we operate. From our environmental perspective, we've made significant progress toward our greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, achieving reductions that equate to approximately 20% of our total 2030 reduction target. Our employees' dedication to meeting customers' needs while operating our assets in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner continues to drive our strong operational growth and financial performance year after year, and we're set up well for continued growth in 2023. With that, operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question is from Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: Maybe to start off on the guidance. Last year, we had a couple of weather events and a material amount of frac capacity come offline, but guidance was still achieved. While some activity seems to have gotten pushed to 23% from '22, the '25 guide yearly seems similar to 2022 original base guidance. So perhaps could you just talk about the puts and takes this year from last year and whether this is a base guide out performance or if we saw some volumes for G&P and NGLs get moved into '23.
Kevin Burdick: Brian, yes, this is Kevin. I think probably the big thing is just like you mentioned the volume that was off-line and really the delays we saw when the volume came offline primarily in April, when we had the severe just kind of historic weather events in North Dakota, that just delayed not only getting volume back online, which hurt our '22. But it delayed some of the well connects as we into push back into '23. So that's why we feel really good about our '23 guide. Yes, we've got a significant step-up in well connects. But when you look at the wells. We've already connected to date, which historically is some of our lower months from a well connect perspective. and you look at the momentum we kind of built as we exited '22, we feel really good about where we're at volumetrically in both G&P and NGL out of the Bakken.
Brian Reynolds: Great. And as a follow-up just on capital allocation. It seems like we should have pretty stable CapEx in the next few years with the MB-6 build-out. And just given the already announced dividend raise and leverage targets and payout ratios met at this point, how should we think about use of excess cash going forward?
Pierce Norton: Brian, this is a good question to kind of clear up and really focus on what our key strategies are for capital allocation. The first one is that we want to invest in high-return organic projects that are adjacent to our existing footprint. The second thing is that we want to maintain and grow a -- what we refer to as a sustainable dividend. And what we mean by that is we want to keep that dividend growth somewhere below our EPS growth percentage and then also focus on our payout ratio, which I would say that approximately 85% are lower. So we were above 100%. We've got it down below 100% in our 2023 guidance. And number three, we want to keep our strong investment-grade credit ratings with a target of that 3.5x debt-to-EBITDA. And assuming that we've achieved all of those kind of capital allocation key strategies, if we do have excess cash or whatever, we could consider share buybacks. But that's kind of laying it out as to what our priorities are from a capital allocation standpoint.
Operator: The next question is from Spiro Dounis with Citi.
Spiro Dounis: First question, I wanted to touch on the third-party frac fees. You guys highlighted Mont Belvieu 5, frac 5 coming online and really sort of benefiting 2024 from the third-party frac 3 perspective. But I guess just given the fact it does come on or it sounds like it could come on early and second quarter, is there any ability to leverage that frac as well in 2023? And to the extent you've considered any of that in the '23 guidance?
Sheridan Swords: Spiro, this is Sheridan. So when we had the Medford incident, we went out right away and secured frac capacity that we thought we needed going into '23. And we already took into account that MB-5 was going to come up in April. So our -- what we contracted for frac capacity is obviously heavier in the first part of the year until MB-5 comes on and then drops off. And that was all accounted for in the settlement that we had with the insurance company. So we have that already baked in, and that's why there's not that much movement on the third-party frac that we have. Obviously, MB-5 will help us if volume exceeds our expectation, we will be able to use MB-5 for that in '23.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Second question, multipart one on the Sao pipeline. So to the extent that does reach FID in mid-'23. I guess, one, would you expect any impact on the '23 CapEx budget? Or is that kind of more of a 2024 plus item? And then if you could just maybe give us any sense of cost of the pipeline, if you willing to take on JV partners? And then finally, just on the 2.8 Bcf a day of ultimate design capacity. Obviously, it's a pretty big pipe. Should we imagine that, that maybe comes on in phases or just how to think about the cadence there?
Kevin Burdick: Spiro, this is Kevin. Still a lot of your questions were -- that's what we're working through right now. We're not going to provide a capital guide. There would be a little money that would be spent if we FID this year. But obviously, the bulk with it coming on, the anticipation had come on. And 2025 time frame, most of the capital is going to get pushed -- is going to be pushed out.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: So I wanted to ask about ethane recovery. You gave some broad expectations for ethane recovery across your footprint. But gas prices are pretty weak. It seems like they're going to stay there for a while. Can you just talk about opportunities for ethane recovery, specifically in the Bakken and what is actually reflected in guidance?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, Michael, this is Sheridan. We have a very modest amount of ethane incentivized ethane in our guidance, a little bit that we have already contracted and already locked down the spread. We have not done any more than that. As you said, we do see a lot of opportunity in '23 with this low gas price which Kevin mentioned in his remarks, is making the United States pet chem very advantaged on using ethane as a feedstock going forward. And we think that we will continue to see more ethane recovery as we go through the year, especially as more demand comes on internationally, which we will pull the Mid-Continent up to be more in ethane recovery later in this year and will allow us to incentivize more ethane out of the Bakken at wider spreads than what we have done today.
Michael Blum: Okay. Great. And then I also just wanted to ask another question about the frac market. It seems like everyone is adding frac capacity. And so I'm wondering if you think that's going to be pressuring rates over time at Mont Belvieu and within that context, how should we think about frac 6, how much of that is going to be contracted with third parties versus held-on account?
Sheridan Swords: The -- Michael, what I'd say about frac capacity coming online. In the NGL world, the people that are building those fracs as us, we contract that volume and build our fracs to be able to grow into. So as these fracs come on, you'd probably see the spot market be a little bit weaker than it was when our frac went down. But long term, those fracs are contracted and as volume comes on, they will fill that. In terms of MB-6, remember, MB-6 is really just replacing Medford. And so MB-6 is completely contracted as Medford was completely contracted. So we're really only looking at our really add to our frac fleet is the MB-5 that we had substantially contracted before the Medford incident. So I think you'll see a little bit of softening in rates in the spot market. But long term, I do not think you will see softening of rates.
Operator: The next question comes from Harry Mateer with Barclays.
Harry Mateer: On the 3.5x leverage target, Walt, you've spoken about it as being aspirational for some time. But at this point, with out '22 and given your '23 guidance, it seems more reality than aspirational. So how are you thinking about it now? Is the plan to hold this level going forward? Or are you not ready to commit to that with Sahara ahead of you? And what is still a pretty good oil price environment?
Walter Hulse: Well, Harry, I think that we've definitely achieved the goal as we sit here today, given the fact that we had an $830 million infusion from the insurance settlement, over the course of the next couple of years, we obviously will utilize some of that cash to build out MB-6. And we would expect to come back into that 35% or below in the not-too-distant future. We like that as a spot to give us flexibility going forward. But I think the peers walk through our capital allocation thoughts earlier. We're not concerned if it trails down a little bit lower as we look for projects. But I would just go back to Pierce's discussion about our capital allocation.
Harry Mateer: Okay. And then my follow-up is just -- I know you guys recently redeemed one of your maturities later this year. You have another one. Any guidance you can give us on potential financing plans for the year and how are you planning to manage potential debt capital markets needs.
Walter Hulse: Sure. Well, yes, you're right, that we actually did the make call because we could do it at par on the 4.25% for May. The other coupon that we have later in the year is 7.5%. So the make hall doesn't work. So we'll wait until the actual contractual call date, which I think the first time we can do that is early May. I think you can assume that given the fact that we have -- had this cash infusion that we will take that out for cash at that point in time. And we'll just assess our needs as we go through the year if there is a need for any further issuance. But as we sit today, we will cover off our maturities with cash on hand.
Operator: Next question is from Jackie Caleres [ph] with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: First, I'd like just to focus a little bit on the macro front. What are your thoughts on comfort level on backing egress out of the basin? And further, are you seeing the need for Bison River, any other ways to add gas capacity there?
Kevin Burdick: Jackie, this is Kevin. Just kind of macro Bakken related from a gas takeaway perspective. We've talked before that we do believe there's still 300 million, 400 million cubic feet a day of capacity on Northern Border that the basin will continue to price out. So in other words, displaced gas currently flowing down from Canada, there has been a 100 million a day roughly project that's kind of moved south and southwest over to -- on WBI and gets down into a Cheyenne market that we've signed up for. There's the Northern Border open season on Bison Express that we are actively involved in that TC Energy has said they're working that project and have been pleased with the results so far. So there's an opportunity. So from an egress perspective, we feel good, obviously, for the next -- that will get you several years out even with some solid growth. And then obviously, we've got on our NGL system, we've got the ability to expand if we need to expand it by just adding pump stations, which is not a lot of capital and does not take a lot of time relative to some of the other projects we're talking about. So Basin overall, feel very good about the macro environment. We do not need to see more rigs show up in the basin to achieve our guidance. The rigs that are there today, when you also look at the -- finishing up some DUCs they've got we're in really good shape to meet the volume guidance in both the G&P and the liquids segments as we think about the basin.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And just one quick follow-up. A little bit more into CapEx. What goes into that upside, downside for the CapEx range? What's is are there? And could you potentially provide some color on the components or segment-level spend? What's the majority of that spend specifically allocated to?
Kevin Burdick: We're not going to get into segment by segment. But like Walt mentioned in his remarks, we're finishing up MB-5. We've got MB a pretty significant amount of the MB-6 spend that will occur in '23. And then the uptick in activity when you think about the step-up in well connects in both the Mid-Continent and the Bakken, that's going to drive some additional capital needs from a well connect little horsepower, may need to add some pumps here or there in the NGL segment, those types of things, but those are highly, highly efficient capital and typically generate very strong returns. So those are the types of things that we've seen. And then also, we're seeing -- we've got some of those type projects in the gas pipeline segment as well that we're finishing up when we talked about our storage and some other expansion opportunities.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truth Securities.
Neal Dingmann: At a higher level, we've seen some of the public E&Ps gobble up some of the private companies and then kind of slow their pace of activity down. So I was just wondering if you could maybe talk about any exposure you have public versus private or any observations you've seen if maybe one of these deals that happened with your assets?
Kevin Burdick: Neil, this is Kevin. We really haven't seen the impact. And in some cases, we've seen it go the other way a little bit where maybe some of the larger publics have shed some of the acreage that they may be considering more Tier 2, Tier 3, and we've seen companies that acquired it, go ahead and start drilling. So that's been a little bit of a phenomenon. But we have been -- we've seen very consistent investment from the large publics that we have, and we've kind of got the who's who, especially in the Bakken, but also in the Mid-Continent, they've been incredibly consistent with the capital that's been allocated to those basins.
Neal Dingmann: All right. That's a great point on the flip side of that. And then for my follow-up, in the PRB, one of the large operators has kind of said they were shifting to the Mowry, which comes -- brings a much higher gas cut. I just wanted to check and see if you are you seeing -- is that what you're seeing? Or is that what you're planning for? Or is the kind of guidance for the Rockies more so about the Bakken growth and maybe the PRB just assumes moderate growth?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The last is what is the way we think about it. We've got a nice position in the G&P segment. We do have a very nice large position in our NGL business. There's been several operators out there that have talked about the Powder and spending more capital. So we do have some modest growth built in. But the driver of the Rockies volumes is going to come from the Bakken.
Operator: The next question comes from [indiscernible] with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to touch on the implications of building MB-6 to essentially replace Medford. I'm assuming that you're going to flow less purity volumes on sterling and transition more to Y-grade down to Bellevue on Arbuckle. And I wanted to know the runway for Arbuckle on latent capacity before you'd have to consider an expansion for the increased volumes?
Sheridan Swords: Neil, this is Sheridan. Yes, you're right. As we put MB-6 or as we're moving raw feed today, we're not moving as much purity products on the Sterling system. But as it comes to expanding Arbuckle II, we, as we did with other pipes, put it in a large diameter pipeline that if we need more capacity, it's very easy to put in a couple of more pump stations, and we get hundreds of thousands of barrels more of capacity on that pipeline. And obviously, we are watching that, and we can react very quickly. So it's fair to say we will not run out of raw feed capacity to Mont Belvieu from the Mid-Continent.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Great. And then the second question related to that when you look at optimization opportunities, obviously, it will be -- have less capacity in Conway and sometimes you're short propane in that market. And you have the ability to send natural gasoline up to Canada. How does the higher capacity in value versus Conway impact the optimization revenues going forward after you get the insurance proceeds?
Sheridan Swords: Neil, as we look at that, it's going to change a little bit, but I don't know from a financial impact, it's going to have that big of an impact. We -- as we went back and looked at it as we determined whether or not we were going to build Medford back or do MB-6, we noticed that most of the volume from Medford already flows to Mont Belvieu on average. And so I think I also look at it as this is going to put us back in a position by moving MB-6 down there the way we were before we did put in the Busan fractionator in ONEOK. The Busan fractionator today has enough volume to satisfy the mid-continent market what the deployment has there. We've transitioned our business to be a little bit more Bellevue anyway. So I think as we'll be able to take advantage of probably spikes in the Convoy market, a little bit more than we have in the past, and we'll be able to move -- optimize the overall feed system down to the fractionators in Mont Belvieu. So all in all, I don't think it's going to be that big of an impact on our optimization business.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Reddy [ph] with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: To start off kind of a 2-parter on the volume outlook. I was wondering if you could provide a breakdown of that 10% G&P inlet growth assumption in '23 between the Mid-Con and Bakken. And the second part of that question was kind of what's the right way to think about volumes and EBITDA growth in '24 if you guys have 20-plus rigs on your acreage for 2 to 3 years.
Kevin Burdick: I think we did provide the breakdown by Mid-Continent versus Rockies and the materials for the guidance range for '23. So that's in the materials. As we think about the growth, we've mentioned that it takes roughly 15 rigs on our acreage to hold volumes flat. So clearly, if we're sitting north of 20 rigs on our acreage and those rigs stay there, we're going to experience growth. And that would include growing '24 over '23 if the activity levels remain kind of where they're at today in the Bakken. And that would also hold true for the Mid-Continent as well You've also got the rising gas to oil ratios. So as we move through time, the gas-to-oil ratios have continued to trend up, which is also going to be a tailwind for volume growth as we -- especially if we're keeping these activity levels.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Appreciate that. And then I appreciate that you guys spoke on frac fees a bit earlier, but just wondering if maybe you guys could provide a rough sense of what third-party frac fees look like per quarter in '23 and then maybe for 2024 as well given like the incremental volume growth maybe could we think about third-party frac fees in the $100 million range for '24?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. I don't -- we're not going to break down our factories just for competitive reasons on how we go through '23. But it's very to say that what we've got from the insurance company is going to cover what we're going to pay to third-party fracs in '23 and '24.
Operator: Today's last question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: I just wanted to confirm one thing with regard to your comments on the Medford fractionator. I think you mentioned that you considered that to be fully contracted -- so is it fair to assume that all your third-party frac leads for 2023 and 2024 are kind of contracted at this point of time?
Walter Hulse: Yes. Yes, that's a good assumption.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. And then on the Saguado gas pipeline, in addition to the FERC approval, I was curious what are other kind of getting items for that project? And could you look at a kind of a JV or a partnership for that pipeline? And then lastly, would you look to finance all of that, if that were to move ahead on your balance sheet or you could look at some other ways to finance.
Kevin Burdick: Sunil, this is Kevin. I mean we're still, again, early in the process from the pipeline perspective. It would be an intrastate pipeline. So -- we wouldn't need other FERC approvals as it relates to actually building the pipeline if it did reach FID. As far as partnerships go, we are looking at it as we would own the pipeline at this point, but as with anything, if there's a strategic and economic reason for us to have a partner, we would consider that. But again, at this point, we're approaching it like we're going to our pipeline would just be part of that entire pipeline service that would get gas to the Gulf Coast -- or excuse me, get gas to the West Coast of Mexico.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. And then on the financing side, all on the balance sheet or...
Walter Hulse: Yes. I mean. So this pipeline is going to be built over a course of several years in the context of our normal CapEx, we would just do it on our balance sheet unless we found an attractive source of capital that was more efficient than the normal way. We always are keeping our eyes open for that sort of thing. But I don't think it would have a significant change in our CapEx program going forward. So not one that we would have to change our ordinary course.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for any closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Thank you all. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in April and extends until we release earnings in early May. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you again, and have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ONEOK's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Betsy, and welcome to ONEOK's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions.  Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. [Operator Instructions].  With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call this morning. We appreciate your interest and investment in our company. On the call today is Walt Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines.  Yesterday, we announced strong third quarter 2022 earnings, affirmed our 2022 financial guidance midpoints and provided our 2023 growth outlook to exceed $4 billion of adjusted EBITDA. Our third quarter results demonstrate the resiliency of our strategic and integrated assets in some of the most highly productive U.S. shale basins, and our employees who are dedicated -- have dedicated themselves to the safety and reliability and sustainability of our operations.  Looking forward, we expect continued strength in producer activity and increased volumes and higher earnings from our fee-based services in all of our business segments in a favorable commodity price and increasing demand backdrop.  So with that, I will turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance and the expectations and our insurance update. So Walt?
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOK's third quarter 2022 net income totaled $432 million or $0.96 per share, a 10% increase compared with the third quarter of 2021 and a 4% increase when compared with the second quarter. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $902 million, a 4% year-over-year increase and an increase from the second quarter.  Higher results benefited from increased Rocky Mountain region NGL and natural gas volumes, higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging and higher average fee rates. Additionally, we had lower interest expense due to our lower debt balances and increased capitalized interest.  Third quarter 2022 results reflected our $5 million property insurance deductible related to the Medford incident and approximately $30 million of losses related to the 45-day business interruption waiting period under the terms of our insurance policy.  We received notice in September that our Medford property insurers agreed to pay $100 million unallocated first installment of insurance proceeds. And as of today, we received $45 million of that amount and expect to receive the remaining amount before year-end. We've applied this cash receipts to our outstanding insurance receivables.  After the waiting period ended, we incurred costs subsequent to the 45-day business interruption waiting period of $21.7 million, primarily related to third quarter -- I'm sorry, to third-party fractionation agreements and recorded a partial impairment charge of $6.7 million, representing the value of associated with certain Medford facility property based on the limited assessments completed to date. There is no income statement impacts of these incurred business interruption costs or impairment charges as they are fully offset by insurance receivables.  We continue sharing information with our insurance carriers to refine ongoing business interruption insurance coverage and to determine the ultimate path to replacement of this temporary loss of fractionation capacity. We will provide additional updates as we move forward in this process when material information is available.  And lastly, for the third quarter, we ended with higher NGL inventory levels that have since been sold forward, and we will realize $17 million earnings benefit from those sales in the fourth quarter and first quarter of 2023. As of September 30, our net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.8x, and we continue to view 3.5x or lower as our long-term aspirational goal. We currently have no long-term debt maturities until September of 2023 and we have no material exposure to floating interest rates through our current outstanding long-term debt.  Yesterday, we affirmed our 2022 guidance midpoints of $1.69 billion for net income and $3.62 billion for adjusted EBITDA. We now expect total capital expenditures of $1.2 billion, driven by our acceleration of spending on the MB-5 fractionator and smaller scale expansion projects that were not previously planned for '22 across our 3 business segments that will contribute to growth in 2023.  Key drivers for our 2023 outlook of a more than 10% increase compared with our 2022 midpoints to exceed $4 billion in adjusted EBITDA include continued strength in fee-based earnings and rates, stable to growing producer activity providing higher natural gas and natural gas liquids volumes in our system and expected higher realized commodity prices due to higher hedges. These tailwinds into 2023 from our base business, additional insurance recoveries related to Medford, and our strong financial position provide us confidence in our double-digit earnings growth outlook for next year.  I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Let's start with our Natural Gas Liquids segment. Rocky Mountain region NGL volumes increased 17% year-over-year and 12% compared with the second quarter 2022, driven by volume recovery following the April severe weather and overall volume growth, including higher incentivized ethane on our system. Volumes have remained strong in the region with September averaging more than 380,000 barrels per day. Third quarter Mid-Continent NGL volumes decreased year-over-year and compared with the second quarter, due primarily to lower ethane recovery on our system. In the Permian Basin, NGL volumes were unchanged year-over-year and compared with the prior quarter. With the recent third-party plant connection in October, we expect volumes from this region to increase through the remainder of this year and into 2023. We also continue to see interest from customers seeking additional NGL takeaway out of the Permian, so we will continue to evaluate future low-cost expansions on our system.  From a 2022 NGL volume guidance perspective, we expect to be near the midpoint of our guidance range, due mostly to the ethane rejection we have been seeing in the Mid-Continent and the impact of the April storms.  Regarding ethane. Beginning in September, we started to see lower demand for ethane from the pet chems leading to more ethane rejection across most regions. The decrease in utilization has been driven by lower NGL demand globally, especially in China and Europe, along with some pet chem outages. We expect ethane demand to remain muted somewhat in the fourth quarter and into early 2023. And this has been factored into our 2022 and 2023 expectations.  As we sit today, we are seeing ethane and ethylene inventories starting to get worked off, which we believe will lead to increasing demand in 2023. As for ONEOK, it is typical that we don't incentivize as much ethane out of the Bakken during the winter season due to higher natural gas prices and natural gas demand, but we will continue to be opportunistic.  As it relates to our 2023 outlook, we expect the Permian to be in full ethane recovery, the Mid-Continent to be in partial recovery and the Rockies continuing to provide opportunities to incentivize recovery. Construction continues on our 125,000 barrel per day MB-5 fractionator in Mont Belvieu, which we still expect to be completed early in the second quarter of 2023 and is reflected in our updated 2022 capital guidance.  Moving on to the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. Producer activity remained strong in the Rocky Mountain region with third quarter processed volumes averaging 1.4 billion cubic feet per day, a record quarter for us. Our average fee rate also increased, reflecting the impact of contract escalators, higher volumes on higher fee component contracts and a larger percentage of our total volumes from the Rockies. On a go-forward basis, we expect this average rate to range between $1.10 and $1.20.  Year-to-date, we've connected 244 wells in the region. We now expect to complete approximately 375 well connections near or at the low end of our guidance due to the impact of the April storms, timing of some wells coming on and availability of completion crews and materials. Activity still remains high, just some timing elements that we now expect will push a few large pad completions into next year. These same factors also led us adjusting our volume expectations for 2022 to be near or slightly below the guidance range.  There are currently more than 40 rigs and 18 completion crews operating in the basin, with more than 20 rigs and approximately half the completion crews on our dedicated acreage. As we've said before, approximately 15 rigs on our acreage to maintain natural gas production at current levels. But with more than 20 currently on our acreage, we expect to see higher well connections and volumes in 2023 compared with 2022.  The 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake III processing plant under construction remains on schedule to be completed in the first quarter and will bring needed capacity to the region. The basin-wide DUC inventory remained stable at around 500, considering the increasing rig count and activity with half of those on our dedicated acreage.  In the Mid-Continent region, we continue to see increased activity with 4 rigs now operating on our acreage and more than 50 rigs basin-wide. We expect steady to increasing activity and volumes through the remainder of the year and into next year with the majority of rigs basin-wide driving additional NGLs to our system.  In the Natural Gas Pipeline segment, with strong year-to-date results benefiting from the continued increasing demand for natural gas storage and transportation services, we now expect this segment to exceed the high end of its guidance range of $400 million to $430 million. We are highly subscribed for our storage service in Oklahoma and Texas at higher rates and for longer terms, including our recent expansion of our Texas storage facilities, which is now fully subscribed through 2032.  Additionally, we are expanding our storage capabilities in Oklahoma, enabling an additional 4 billion cubic feet of storage capacity to be contracted. This project is expected to be complete in April 2023 and is nearly 90% subscribed through 2029, and we are also evaluating an additional expansion of our Texas storage assets.  And lastly, before I turn the call back to Pierce, we began a compression electrification project on our interstate Viking Gas Transmission pipeline to improve operational reliability and provide future greenhouse gas emissions reductions on the system. The project is expected to cost $95 million and be completed in the third quarter of 2023 and is included in our outlook.  Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Walt and Kevin. As we enter the last couple of months of 2022 and look forward to the next year, I'm proud of our employees and want to thank them for their hard work and contributions who continue to focus on operating safely, sustainably and environmentally responsible and are key to our success as a midstream operator.  How we operate is important, but also how we engage with our employees, communities and other stakeholders is equally as important. Also important for ONEOK is to remain focused on meeting the growing energy demand for today even as it looks forward to helping drive the energy transformation needs for the future.  We also recently announced that ONEOK joined with 2 other large publicly traded companies based in Oklahoma and a venture capital firm to fund an effort to transform Oklahoma into a hub of energy technology start-ups and redefine a sector that has shaped the region's economy for more than a century.  We believe this partnership aligns to our long-term business strategy, which includes potential low-carbon investments that contribute to low -- long-term growth and business diversification. ONEOK has been building the right teams and resources to better participate in the innovative practices and technologies that it sees now and those that may play a role in the future.  Before I turn the call over for Q&A, I wanted to highlight an important ESG item we mentioned in our earnings release. ONEOK's MSCI ESG rating was recently reviewed and updated by MSCI to AAA from AA, and we maintained our industry leader status. As I previously said, our ESG efforts are a source of pride for ONEOK, and we are committed to continuing to make progress in these important areas.  With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: Maybe to revisit some of the assumptions in your prepared remarks around '23 earnings growth, it seems like we should see some tailwinds on volumes and hedges rolling higher. I was curious if you could just dive a little bit further into the ethane recovery assumptions for '23. Historically, you guys have been pretty conservative on this assumption, but curious as how we should think about how Btu concerns plateauing ethane demand for the next few years and Permian nat gas tightness impacted some of your assumptions as it relates to Rockies recovery into 2023 and that 10% earnings growth?
Kevin Burdick: Brian, this is Kevin. I'll start and then Sheridan can add in. Think about the overall 2023 growth outlook, we expect our volumes are going to be up, both NGL and Gathering and Processing in all of our basins with the tailwinds, with the existing rigs we're seeing today as those carry over into '23. So volume growth is going to be the primary driver. You've also got -- you're going to have a full year of the contract fee escalations. So we'll see a full year of that.  You've got a step-up in our hedging. If you look at the hedge prices we have in '23 compared to '22, that's going to be a significant step up there. The ethane recovery assumptions are pretty similar to what we had going into '22. As we mentioned, full recovery we expect out of Permian, partial in the Mid-Continent, and we'll continue to incentivize ethane out of the Bakken, where appropriate.
Sheridan Swords: The one thing I would add on that is when we look at '23 as we looked in '22, we have limited incentivized ethane coming out of the Bakken factored in. We really see that as an opportunistic -- opportunity going forward.
Brian Reynolds: Great. I appreciate that color. Maybe just to pivot towards capital allocation for a minute. ONEOK is trending towards its leverage target and payout ratio targets. Obviously, there are some concerns that were partially alleviated with earnings around the insurance proceeds. But I was curious of how we should think about the return of capital framework looking into '23 given that you've had the same dividend since 2019, but that said, never cut at the same time. So any color there, I appreciate it.
Pierce Norton: So Brian, this is Pierce. With our positive earnings growth indications for 2023, our payout ratio and our debt-to-EBITDA metrics are indicating that we are going to have more flexibility to execute on one or more of the capital allocation levers that are going to be available to us to create that value for our shareholders as we progress through 2023. So that's the way I'd answer your question there.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: I wanted to ask the latest on Northern Border. Where does it stand in terms of gas coming from Canada versus the Bakken? Is there any more room there? And then related to that, any updates on a potential expansion project on North Border?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Michael, it's Kevin. For your first question, we estimate there's still probably 300 million to 400 million a day of gas coming from Canada. That will continue to get displaced from Bakken as Bakken grows. So you've got some opportunities there. And also, we're in active discussions with multiple parties on various residue takeaway and demand projects, actually some demand projects in Basin. We have secured about 100 million a day of takeaway solution on that's going out south that doesn't go to Northern Border. So that's going to help. So we don't think there's one single solution that provides -- that's going to provide that, but we do believe we'll be able to find and there will be the necessary capacity out of Basin as we move forward.
Michael Blum: Okay. I guess second question, just wanted to ask -- I know you haven't really made a decision yet about whether you're going to rebuild Medford or maybe build something else at Mont Belvieu or otherwise. So just curious if you could talk to the dynamics, if you do choose to not rebuild Medford, does that change anything in terms of the market dynamics between Conway and Mont Belvieu for you as it relates to Sterling?
Sheridan Swords: No. I mean, there will be a little bit of an impact on that if we build down in Mont Belvieu if you put down in there. But today, or when Medford was up, most of our liquids was transported down Sterling anyway to the Mont Belvieu market. So we think overall, the market dynamics are not going to be impacted that much, whether we build it at Medford or at Mont Belvieu.
Operator: The next question comes from Jean Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Salisbury: In the third quarter, there was more ethane recovered from the Rockies and less from the Mid-Con than I would have expected. Is it fair to say that most of the time you would recover marginal ethane from the Mid-Con before the Rockies and that maybe it was specifically due to AECO price blowouts in the quarter that it was a little flipped from usual?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We look at the gas basis as really what kind of drives us on which basin we're going to incentivize. So yes, AECO pricing versus what's going on in the Mid-Continent will drive what's going -- where we incentivize ethane coming out of there. We did see a lot of benefit in the third quarter coming out of the Rockies due to the basis and what we could secure gas prices for and so on for ethane. So that we see that as a great opportunistic 2 basins that we can incentivize at times and kind of play that gas base between the 2. So we think that's a big advantage to our system.
Jean Salisbury: Okay. That's helpful. And assuming that Bakken does go back to higher rejection in the next couple of quarters, I think the Northern Border Btu spec at that receipt point is probably going to exceed the 1,100, which I think Northern Border has said, is kind of the max that they really want. Does anything happen then? Or is that just all kind of a whole FERC process to potential cap in?
Kevin Burdick: Jean Ann, this is Kevin. Yes, as you reject more ethane, that will raise the Btu content on Northern Border. If you were back to about where we were pre-COVID and that number was north of 1,100, right now, there is not a spec on the pipe. So the Northern Border, it's our understand they'll watch it. They've got some levers to pull if it gets too high and downstream markets start to have concerns.  They continue to work with shippers and all the relevant stakeholders to potentially go back to FERC for a spec, but we don't have an exact timing on that. So we'll watch it. If it gets to the point where it gets -- the Btu level gets too high and downstream markets start raising issues, then we always have the option to recover ethane to lower it back. And if we do that, if it's required at that point, then that would require -- I mean, that would be at full rates, not at an incentivized rate.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Stephen McGee: This is Steve McGee on for Jeremy. Just starting along the insurance line, as far as business interruption insurance goes. Just trying to get an idea of what's covered under that. Does that include optimization, marketing in there as well? And then for 2023, does that include the business insurance as well?
Walter Hulse: Well, as we said on the last call, the coverage that we have is that we are entitled to receive coverage so that we get return to what we would have made, but for this event. So it's system-wide. So if that does impact other parts of the business like optimization and marketing, that gets factored into our BI calculation.  The money that we received in September, [indiscernible] that we booked in September, I wouldn't necessarily look at as a run rate because there's still are some moving parts that we're working with the insurance companies to refine how we look at BI going forward. Those costs were predominantly the third-party frac costs.  And as we work with them and refine how much optimization in the market, we do expect to receive some benefit from that going forward. In 2023, we expect BI coverage to continue. And at that point, be on a pretty regular month-to-month catch up so that we're hoping that you really don't see any real variation from the BI insurance going forward.
Stephen McGee: Understood. And then, I guess, flipping over to CapEx, you pulled some forward, well connects kind of towards the lower end of the guide, but still up a little bit this year. So I'm guessing most of the uptick this year is MB-5. Should we expect, I guess, a little bit less CapEx into 2023 now because of that? And just if you could walk us through, I guess, that raise this year and then what that looks like in the next year as well.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Steve, it's Kevin. Yes, MB-5 was a significant mover in moving some of that capital forward into '22. We also had a compressor station up north in the Bakken that we moved forward with that will add to our growth in '23. We referenced the Viking compression project in the -- in our opening remarks. And then we just had a handful of smaller routine growth-type projects that typically have extremely strong multiple -- strong earnings power from them, and that will contribute in '23 as well. So just a combination of those factors are what led into the increase in '22.  You're thinking about '23 correctly. If -- once we complete MB-5 and Demicks Lake III, that would lead you probably to a little step down in capital barring other projects that we continue to work on that could prove. So that's the unknown at this point is we're constantly working on new projects that -- and as they reach FID, we'll announce them. But absent those, then yes, you would expect CapEx to maybe come down a little bit in '23.
Operator: The next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: First, I would love to touch on the 2023 guidance and delve into some of the assumptions here. Mainly, if you could provide some color on your price deck assumption and then in terms of Bakken activity, in particular, any color you can share on assumptions for rig counts, well completions, exit-to-exit growth in oil or gas?  And then granted that the ethane recovery dynamic remains in development and can be volatile, but any sort of color you can give on the recovery assumption in 2023 versus the level that you just reported for the third quarter 2022?
Kevin Burdick: Theresa, this is Kevin. And we're not -- again, we're not going to get into the detailed guidance specifics that we'll release probably sometime next -- early next year. But I would tell you, as we think about price decks and activity levels, there's probably more rig. If you just look at today, there's more activity in the basins that we're looking at, that we're talking about than we have in that outlook. So the activity levels we're seeing today are plenty strong to help us achieve that exceedings of $4 billion.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And in the Gathering and Processing segment, that $1.16 average fee rate, quite a step-up from the previous run rate and I understand the color you shared on the fee escalators and the composition of it. Just trying to think about the trajectory of growth here. Was there anything in particular driving this? And as we think about the escalators in 2023 and beyond, should we assume similar magnitudes of step-ups? Or generally speaking, how should we think about this line?
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, this is Sheridan. When you think about that margin which is driving that increased step up, a lot of it was on escalation is where it came from. Some on the contract mix being on. We got volume on higher contracts or more margin contracts and on others as we go forward. The big thing that's going to drive as we get into '23, [indiscernible] that trajectory is what the inflationary escalators are going to be, and we'll have to see how inflation comes out and how the -- we go against CPI and most of the time on that, how CPI reacts in '23 versus '22 is going to be a big driver on where we land on that and going forward. So it's really going to be based on inflation, would be the biggest piece.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Cusimano with Pickering Energy Partners.
Michael Cusimano: I wanted to first focus on the Natural Gas Liquids optimization and marketing number, I think you all noted a 44 million decrease sequentially. Was any of that a result of Medford at all? Or was it just other -- I think you all mentioned some price differentials and timing on the NGLs?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. Yes, Medford did have an impact on those numbers, and that's factored in there. And that 45-day waiting period, we did take some hits in optimization and marketing there. And as you mentioned, the other things we have is spreads were a little bit narrowed during that time. We had forward sales due to Medford, that we push forward sales forward, that we will receive some of that money or $17 million of that money in the first quarter and second quarter -- I'm sorry, fourth quarter and first quarter as we go forward here, we will get that $17 million back. So that -- those are the 3 main factors as you see in that drop in optimization and marketing.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. And just to clarify, you would expect to be -- in the future, you would expect to be -- or you expect to recoup insurance proceeds in the event of any optimization of marketing reductions, what would happen?
Pierce Norton: We do. We do expect to get insurance proceeds, but a lot of that $45 million as we -- part of that is in the 45-day waiting period, which we wouldn't get that because that's on us. But going forward, we expect to get any losses in marketing and optimization that we would have received if Medford had been up, we expect insurance to cover that.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. That is helpful. And then previously, you all have given like a current month run rate out of the Bakken for NGL takeaway. I think you gave a September number. Any indication you can have for what October looks like going forward?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, we're not going to provide kind of numbers in Q4. We gave you the number for September. That was a -- that's a really good run rate if you think about it as we move through. We get into the fourth quarter and you start bringing weather into play. So that's why we backed off that.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. Understood. And then last one, if I can. If I break up the insurance proceeds from one allocation for business interruption, the other for property loss, are you all viewing the property loss as replacement cost? Or is it getting back the frac capacity to where like MB-5 recover some of that? Just trying to think of like how that shapes out from the way you and the insurance company are thinking about it?
Walter Hulse: We have specific coverage that would cover the replacement or the repair of the facility to get it back to the point where we would achieve the 210,000 barrels of capacity that we currently have. So we have property coverage to put us back in the same position that we were before. And then -- but we do have the flexibility with those dollars that it would cost to do that to build it wherever we want to do that, and that's what we're still considering at this point.  Going forward, we would expect to likely not get as much -- not get unallocated money. This was -- it should be allocated out for the BI on a monthly basis once we get into kind of a monthly rhythm. And the property will be what it is as we spend the money for the repair or replacement of the facility.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. That's helpful. Would MB-5, since it was already undergoing construction, be something that you could allocate any sort of property loss to? Or would it be in MB-6 and beyond if you wanted to?
Walter Hulse: No. MB-5 is its own stand-alone project that we built because we needed it. And -- we -- obviously, it will help us a little bit as it comes on and we are going to be in our natural ramp-up phase. But that is part of our capital and the proceeds that we received for the repair or replacement of the Medford facility will be discrete, and it will cover those costs.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for any closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Thank you, all. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in January and extends until we release earnings in late February. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Have a good day, and thank you for joining us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 ONEOK Earnings Call. This conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Nash. And welcome to ONEOK second quarter 2022 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, management will be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder for Q&A, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks Andrew. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in investment in our company. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines. Yesterday, we announced strong second quarter 2022 earnings, provided an update on the Medford incident and affirmed our 2022 financial guidance expectations. As we sit today, we still expect to achieve the midpoints of our 2022 net income and adjusted EBITDA guidance, which Walt will provide additional details shortly. Our second quarter financials were achieved despite unseasonable weather in the Rocky Mountain region during the quarter. Two separate April weather events cause widespread outages and power, disrupting midstream and producer operations across the region. Our employees were well prepared and quickly responded to the challenge. They remained focused on the safe operation of our assets and the safety of the communities where we operate. And they worked with local agencies, customers, utility providers to resume normal operations as quickly as possible. Across our operations, we continue to see strength in producer activity, with commodity prices and demand supporting a strong second half of the year. While it is still too early to provide our outlook for 2023, we are well positioned across our integrated footprint to help transport and process essential natural gas and natural gas liquids. Before I turn the call over, I'd like to make and provide an update on the Medford, Oklahoma fractionation facility. On Saturday, July 9, mid-afternoon, there was a fire at the facility. First and foremost, all of our personnel were safe and accounted for, the safety of our employees and communities is always the main concern and initial focus during a situation like this. I would like to thank the many employees, first responders and local agencies who worked together to quickly respond to the incident. We cannot see enough about the corporation and the coordination efforts of those teams who work to put a safety of our personnel and the surrounding community first. We are incorporating with government agencies as we work to determine the cause of the incident, but expect the facility to remain out of service for an extended period of time. In yesterday's earnings release, we provided details of our property and business interruption insurance coverage. Because of this coverage, we do not currently anticipate that the incident will have a material effect on our financial condition. Results of operations or cash flows, however, the timing of insurance proceeds may impact financial results in a given quarter or year. From an operational perspective, we continue utilizing our system of integrated NGL pipeline, fractionation and storage assets. We're also working with industry peers on additional fractionation and storage arrangements. I want to thank those companies for working with us to keep these essential products flowing since the incident. Our industry has a long history of stepping up to help each other when disruptions happen. And this incident has once again proven that relationships in corporation are critical to this industry's long-term success. And we want to thank them once again. With that, I will turn over the call to Walt for discussion on our second quarter financial performance.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOK second quarter 2022 net income totaled $414 million or $0.92 per share, a 21% increase compared with the second quarter of 2021 and a 6% increase compared with the prior quarter. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $886 million and an 11% increase year-over-year. Compared with the first quarter of 2022, higher second quarter results were driven by increased NGL volumes across our operations and higher realized commodity prices primarily benefiting our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. Operating costs increased in each of our business segments, which is typical for the second quarter as improved weather allows for more routine maintenance projects to take place. As of June 30, our net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.8 times. And we continue to view 3.5 times or lower as our long-term aspirational leverage goal. In June, we redeemed nearly $900 million of senior notes due in October 22 with cash and short-term borrowings. We currently have no long-term debt maturities due until September of 2023. Yesterday, we reaffirmed our 2022 financial guidance expectations. And to expand on Pierce's comments earlier as we sit today, we still expect to achieve the midpoints of our guidance range ranges, which remain at $1.69 billion for net income and $3.62 billion for adjusted EBITDA. We expect total 2022 capital expenditures to trend towards the upper end of the range of our guidance range of $900 million to $1.05 billion, driven by higher producer activity levels and expansion opportunities in our natural gas pipeline business. Positive drilling activity across our operations and expectations for higher natural gas and NGL volumes in the second half of 2022, support our financial guidance and continue to point to a strong volume exit rate this year. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. During the second quarter, we saw NGL volume growth across all our operating regions compared with the first quarter 2022. NGL volume expectations remain strong through the remainder of the year, providing confidence in achieving the midpoint of our raw feed throughput guidance for 2022. Natural gas processed volumes and well completions during the quarter were significantly impacted by the April weather events. And we now expect process volumes to be toward the lower end of our 2022 volume guidance range. Let's take a closer look at our Natural Gas Liquids segment. Total NGL raw feed throughput volumes increased 5% year-over-year and 4% compared with the first quarter 2022. Rocky Mountain region NGL volumes increased 10% year-over-year and 5% compared with the first quarter 2022. Activity in the region has rebounded following the April storms, as July volumes averaged more than 360,000 barrels per day, 9% higher than the second quarter average. Mid-Continent NGL volumes increased 4% compared with the first quarter 2022, driven by increased C3+ volumes as producers continued to add rigs in the basin, with a large majority of the region's NGLs dedicated to ONEOK system. In the Permian Basin, NGL volumes increased 10% year-over-year and 4% compared with the first quarter 2022. We recently completed a 25,000 barrel per day expansion on a portion of our West Texas NGL pipeline in the basin to support continued expected volume growth. We saw increased ethane volumes on our system in the second quarter 2022, and expect continued opportunities for ethane to be recovered through the remainder of the year. We anticipate high levels of recovery in the Permian Basin, periodic recovery in the Mid-Continent and continued opportunities to incentivize ethane recovery in the Rocky Mountain region as in basin natural gas prices fluctuate. Our fractionation capacity is fully utilized following the incident at our Medford Facility. And as Pierce mentioned earlier, we have worked with industry peers to secure additional fractionation and storage capacity. Medfords capacity was approximately 210,000 barrels per day of our total system-wide name plate capacity of more than 980,000 barrels per day. Construction continues on our 125,000 barrel per day MB-5 fractionator in Mont Belvieu, which we now expect to be complete early in the second quarter of 2023. Moving on to the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. In the Rocky Mountain region, second quarter processed volumes averaged more than 1.2 billion cubic feet per day, a slight decrease compared with the first quarter 2022 due to the April weather. Weve seen recent volumes return to pre-storm levels. And in July, volumes reached approximately 1.4 billion cubic feet per day. Through the first six months of the year, weve connected 157 wells in the region and we continue to expect approximately 375 to 425 well connections in the region this year. There are currently approximately 45 rigs and 18 completion crews operating in the basin with 21 rigs and approximately half the completion crews on our dedicated acreage. Basin-wide rigs have more than doubled in the last 12 months from only 20 rigs total in July 2021. As weve said before, approximately 15 rigs on our acreage can maintain natural gas production at current levels, but with more than 20 currently on our acreage, we expect to see higher well connections in 2023, compared with 2022 if these activity levels remain. The basin-wide DUC inventory remains at approximately 500 with half of those on our dedicated acreage. This compares with approximately 650 DUCs in a basin a year ago. Recent producer M&A in the Williston Basin continues to show the value and long-term viability of the play. We see these recent announcements as positive for ONEOK, as we expect increased activity from the acquirers to drive NGL and natural gas volumes to our system. In the Mid-Continent region, we continue to see increased activity with four rigs now operating on our acreage and 46 rigs basin-wide. We expect steady to increasing activity through the remainder of the year with the majority of rigs basin-wide driving additional NGLs to our system. In the natural gas pipeline segment, strong second quarter results benefited from the continued increasing demand for natural gas storage and transportation services. Last quarter, we discussed a recently completed 1.1 billion cubic feet expansion of our Texas storage facilities, which is now fully subscribed through 2032. Additionally, we are expanding our storage capabilities in Oklahoma, enabling an additional 4 billion cubic feet of storage capacity to be contracted. This project is expected to be complete in early 2023, and is nearly 90% subscribed through 2029. We also recently completed two open seasons for additional pipeline capacity to address increase demand. One on our WesTex pipeline system in the Permian Basin, and one on our Viking pipeline in the Upper Midwest. Both open seasons were successful and we planned to move forward with low capital expansions on both systems. The value of our natural gas pipelines and storage assets continue to be highlighted in the outperformance weve seen from this segment so far this year. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Walt and Kevin. As we enter the second half of 2022, we see producer activity and attractive commodity prices providing tailwinds to our business. Weve affirmed our financial guidance for the year underscoring the resiliency of our operations, earnings and employees, who are always ready and willing to respond to changing market and operational dynamics. Challenges happen in our business and weather is unpredictable, but how we respond to the  is the real difference maker. Operating safely, sustainably and environmentally responsibly remains an important focus and is key to our success as a midstream operator. How we operate is important, but also how we engage with our employees, communities and other stakeholders is also important. To learn more about our commitments in these areas, I encourage you to review our most recent corporate sustainability report, which was just published to our website last week. The report details are most recent environmental, social and governments related performance and programs and highlights key initiatives underway across the company. Our ESG efforts are a source of pride for ONEOK, and we are committed to continuing to make progress in these important areas. With that, operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from Jeremy Tonet from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Pierce Norton: Hey, good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to dig into Medford a little bit more if possible, and as we think about everything there talked about not being material, but maybe it could help us to understand better what the threshold is for financial materiality there. And then just as far as kind of the parameters of whats happened with regards to volume offloads, where are those volumes going now? Can you tell us? And you said about the timeline being extended, if this slips deeper into 2023 with this impact  might it impact your ability to offload volumes if volumes continue to grow?
Pierce Norton: So Jeremy, I think Ill let Walt take the materiality question for us and then well flip it over to Kevin and Sheridan on the offloads.
Walt Hulse: Well, Jeremy, I think that were very comfortable with that, that comment. Im not going to give you our level of materiality, but I will say that remember that our insurance coverage provides for a 45-day period, which we have as a standalone and then we have business interruption insurance from that point forward. So were very, very comfortable with the view of where weve come out from a materiality standpoint.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Jeremy, its Kevin. On the volumes and where theyre going right now, I mean, clearly a lot of them are going down to Belvieu. We talked in our remarks about our industry peers that have been very helpful in securing spots for those barrels. We feel good about being able to move the volume. Especially as we get to MB-5 and keep in mind, thats going to be another 125,000 barrels a day of new capacity that will come online early in the second quarter. So thats the things weve got lined up there. And again, we feel good about being able to move the volumes.
Sheridan Swords: One thing Id add is, weve been able to talking with our peers, we have very much comfortable with our growth plans through 2023, depending on how long this lasts, it will be able to handle all of the volume income in our system.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you for that. And just want to pivot over towards IROF if we could and realize its hot off the press, and it seems like the shape keeps changing a bit here and what the bill looks like. But just wondering thoughts you could provide as far as how as it currently stands this might impact your tax profile in 2023 or going forward. And as the bill is written right now, separately, would this increase or change your appetite to pursue CCS, renewables or other items like that?
Pierce Norton: Well, Ill handle the tax portion of that. Jeremy, that the  youre right, its still off the presses and were getting a lot of the details, but I do think the late in the game addition of using tax depreciation versus book depreciation was a positive development for us. And we dont see a real meaningful increase in our tax over the long-term. We may have a little bit higher tax in the earlier years, but if we get into that alternative minimum tax at that 15% that would be for an extended period of time where we wouldve otherwise gone to a statutory rate. So while we expect some are higher level of taxes that addition to the tax depreciation was a big positive.
Walt Hulse: And so Ill take the question about CCUS. Id like to remind everybody on the call that 36% of the natural gas demand in this country is devoted to electricity. You add to that 33% in the industrial sector. So thats a total of almost 70% of the natural gas demand goes to those two forms of consumption. Anything that is done that would enhance the ability to capture carbon from natural gas being consumed is a good thing for our industry. And so these incentives, its left to be seen exactly how effective theyre going to be, because we need to know the details, but it does encourage us as an industry and as a producer of natural gas and actually, the liquids that are coming off the oil production and the natural gas production in these rich basins that this will help to curb the CO2 emissions in the future. And we do think that will open up some opportunities that we will look both at CCUS and hydrogen. So I think its a positive for the industry whats happening.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: We will take the next question from Brian Reynolds from UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian Reynolds: Hi, good morning. Maybe to touch a little bit on the 2022 reaffirming guide as it relates to the base business ONEOK appears to expect a complete roughly 60% of its wells for the year in the back half of 2022. And Mid-Con volumes looked to be on track to surpassed 4Q 2019 levels by year end. So I was just kind of curious if you could just talk about given the year-to-date impacts from weather in the Medford frac fire. Was curious if you could talk about how the base business is performing relative to initial year expectations in terms of activity. Thanks.
Kevin Burdick: I mean, Ill start Brian. This is Kevin. I think the base business is performing very well. If you think about where we were going into the storms, we were right on track with everything that we had kind of outlined and laid out. The storms up in the Bakken did kind of set the basins back a couple months, not just with the volumes flowing, but also it was kind of a couple months pause on lower completions that we saw. So it kind of delayed things, and thats the reason that were going to be at the lower end of the guidance from a volumetric perspective there. But on the flip side, when you look at the NGL business and what theyve done both from a earnings perspective, as well as a volumes perspective, and then the outperformance of the gas pipeline business, I think those two segments are performing at or better than we anticipated coming into the years. So I think it sets us up nice going into to 2023.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Appreciate that color. And follow-up on the Medford frac. I know while its probably a little bit too early, has there been any initial thoughts on potential replacement of the Medford frac and whether we could see it be built in Mont Belvieu or Conway at the time.
Kevin Burdick: Brian, you hit it on the head. Were still really early in that process. And, and again, not ready to talk about timing or anything like that. Weve got capacity secured, we believe to move our volumes and well keep working that until we get more information.
Brian Reynolds: Fair enough. Enjoy the rest of your day, everyone. Thank you.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Michael Blum, Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So apologies for maybe a technical question. But just so I understand, are you going to be accruing insurance proceeds in your EBITDA results in Q3 and Q4? So thats how guidance is basically unchanged or is that not the case and youre just able to make it up in other areas.
Pierce Norton: Michael, we expect to get timely recovery of our business interruption insurance. We will actually book that as we receive those proceeds. But thats why we said that we may have from time to time a  little bit of a timing difference if we hit right at quarter end. But we expect timely ongoing payments that would flow through our income statement in a normal way.
Michael Blum: Okay, great. Thanks for that clarification. Also just wanted to ask about AECO gas prices, which are big trading at a pretty big discount to Henry Hub. Can you just remind us how your ethane recovery economics in the Bakken work? Will you benefit any way from the decline in AECO gas prices? Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. The way we buy gas at the alternative at the gas plant. So we go and look at what we could sell gas at the gas plant versus what we could sell ethane in Mont Belvieu. And so whatever the gas plant is receiving, thats what we can get. So an AECO price is a factor in what the gas price were receiving at the gas plant.
Michael Blum: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Colton Bean, Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Colton Bean: Good morning. So the NGL segment had a fairly significant step up in costs. Of the three drivers you mentioned, I think fuel power and then third party services. Do you expect an improvement in the back half of the year for any of those or is Q2 level of pretty good run rate moving forward?
Pierce Norton: Well, I think there are a couple dynamics going on Colton, the 30 million you referenced really got power costs were just higher, but we also had a more volume. So you had more power just moving it there. And then we also had a turnaround in the second quarter, which caused us to go get some outside frac capacity during the quarter, and thats in there as well. So some of those costs will just be  will float as power costs moves around. But some of the other costs were more one time. So thats as we think going forward, we typically do more work like turnarounds and integrity work and other expense project type work. Well do more of that in the summer when the weather is better. So historically, you might see a little stronger in the summer from a cost perspective on those types of activities.
Colton Bean: Understood. And then just following up on the Bakken ethane discussion, I mean, it sounds like, with the wider gap between AECO and Mont Belvieu pricing this quarter. Would you expect any upside to that bundled rate? Just if you  if the incentive rate that you have to offer is now less of a discount than it wouldve been previously.
Pierce Norton: Colton, theres a lot of factors that go into that. Sometimes it impacted, sometimes it doesnt. I think were  we think we have a good opportunity to incentivize more ethane in the second half of the year. So were very bullish on that, but due to the regional gas prices, but how it affects the overall average rate kind of depends on where its come volume and the escalators that we have on our base business.
Colton Bean: Got it. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Next question from Theresa Chen from Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi. I just wanted to ask first on the $16.4 million increase in the NGL segment related to higher average fee rates. Can you tell us what that was related to precisely and is that expected to carry forward?
Pierce Norton: Yes. That was mainly related to inflationary escalators for both fuel and power and inflation, and we do have those inflationary escalators coming on throughout the year. So we do anticipate it will increase.
Theresa Chen: Okay. Thank you. And in your GMP segment, the $5.3 million increase due to the contract settlement during the quarter. Should we expect some sort of offset and base earnings going forward as a result?
Pierce Norton: No, I dont believe youll see any offset. Its just normal course of business on our large portfolio mix. So I dont  you wont see any offset.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Michael Lapides, your line is open. Please go ahead  from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a really good quarter. Just curious as you think about infrastructure needs going forward, given kind of some of the volume commentary about July volumes, how are you thinking over the next year or so about the need for either new processing or even a sixth frac at Belvieu?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, this is Kevin. I mean, I think were in really good shape as weve talked for the last several months. And when you think about Demicks Lake III coming up, that gets us a nice headroom of capacity in the Bakken. Weve talked about the available capacity thats currently exists on Elk Creek and then weve got low cost expansion opportunities if we need to expand that pipe. We just demonstrated, weve got some expansion opportunities on West Texas as our volumes continue to grow out there that we can expand that pipe in tranches. Plenty of capacity in the Mid-Continent, obviously with whats going on at Medford frac capacity is tight and is going to remain that way until we get clarity on whats going on with Medford. But other than that, were in excellent shape as we think about our capacities and where were at.
Michael Lapides: So then, if theres not really a need potentially, I mean, volumes could always surprise to the upside. But if theres not really any need for any material new asset development in 2023, that implies that the capital budget kind of declines a ton, which not a surprise. How are you and how are the Board  hows the Board kind of thinking about capital allocation and uses of some of that significant free cash flow that you might be generating next year?
Pierce Norton: So this is Pierce. The way we look at that is that we look at all the levers thats available to us. So were going to be looking at as we get closer and closer to what Walt had mentioned about the 3.5x on the debt to EBITDA ratio as we continue to go below 100% on our payout ratio, then thats going to actually open up some of those other elements to us that weve had in the past. Of course, our first focus is going to be on these organic opportunities because they give us the best chance to deploy capital that gives us really, really good rates of return. We are proud of our ROFC that weve been able to achieve, and we are predicting that is going to continue to go up. So I think what its going to do is just give us more flexibility to use whatever levers that we feel like, bring the most value to our shareholders.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Next question from Chase Mulvehill from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chase Mulvehill: Good morning. I wanted to come back to the GMP side of the business, and I guess a few questions. I guess just correct me if Im wrong and I think your commodity or POP exposure is 15% to 20% this year. And then maybe just remind us again, the gas versus NGL exposure on those POPs and how much you have hedge versus open today? And then just maybe tie into there, kind of what youre thinking about realized GMP rates in the back half of the year?
Kevin Burdick: Chase, this is Kevin. Youre right. We provide the hedging information thatll come out in our Q and weve provided that in the past. So we are pretty well hedged, but prices have run up significantly and weve been able to benefit for that  for the part of those that those contracts that arent hedged. So thats what youre seeing. And also the other thing thats driving the price improvement is just what volumes are on what contracts. So weve been fortunate to have some volumes come in on higher in this case, higher POP type contracts and been able to benefit from that.
Chase Mulvehill: Is it fair to assume in 3Q that a lot of your open volumes were natural gas as opposed to NGLs?
Kevin Burdick: Typically from an open perspective, weve got  we hedge most of our commodities in a similar way. So youre not going to have a higher percentage hedge necessarily of natural gas versus crude versus NGLs.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. All right. If we go up to the NGL section and look at volumes and kind of where they are today, I think you said, 360,000 barrels a day. If we go back and look back in April, you were doing 385,000 a day. So were not back to kind of April peak-ish levels, but yet GMP volumes in the Rockies are actually back to peak levels. So kind of help me connect the dots there. Is that Medford related or is there something else, and should we kind pretty quickly back to that 385,000?
Sheridan Swords: I think the first quarter announced  this is Sheridan. We came out and said, we had reached 385,000, but we had an average 385,000. Actually July at 360,000 will be our highest monthly average that weve had off the Bakken pipeline. And we continue to trend higher in  as we get into August, we are trending even higher than that. So from an NGL perspective on the Elk Creek pipeline, we are back further than we were in the first quarter, or even in the fourth quarter of 2021.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. All right. Last one, just going to squeeze one more and I apologize. Just want to confirm this. It sounds like, obviously youre seeing  looking at Medford and trying to figure out when you can bring it back online. But I just want to confirm that it is not a total loss. You do not see it as a total loss at this point. Correct?
Pierce Norton: Well, I mean, the way I would say that right now is we are looking at all the pieces and parts to that facility right now. So well be assessing that over the coming weeks as to exactly what pieces of equipment are still usable or are not. So we cant say emphatically right now that its either a total loss or not a total loss. Were doing the assessments of that.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. Got it. Makes sense. Ill turn it back.
Operator: Next question from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. One clarification on Medford. So as far as new expense for third-party fractionation or things that were contracted, you ultimately get insurance recoveries, but doesnt this kind of at least limit optimization margin opportunities until somethings resolved?
Walt Hulse: Yes. Craig, I think that we are  we believe that weve got business interruption insurance for our entire business under that coverage. And really dont see a meaningful difference from how our earnings would be sorted out in our normal guidance.
Craig Shere: Okay. And maybe this is expressing my own ignorance and I apologize. Given the increased gas storage and storage pricing, Im kind of assuming storage is more of a steady year round product versus gas pipes that have more seasonality since the storage has to fill. So if thats the case, does the improving storage position in terms of capacity and pricing, reduce your gas height seasonality?
Chuck Kelley: Craig, this is Chuck. No, see the way we contract with our customers, frankly these are firm fee-based contracts. What the customer tends to do is play seasonal spreads and utilize their transport and combined storage for optionality. So from a pipe standpoint, weve got levelized fee earnings throughout the year. So the optionality actually comes from the customer, but not the pipeline, so variability from the customer, not the pipeline.
Craig Shere: Got you. So the increasing contribution of storage really doesnt impact seasonality.
Chuck Kelley: Could you repeat that?
Craig Shere: So the fact that youre increasing the amount of storage and the pricing is looking more attractive that doesnt have any impact on the seasonality question?
Chuck Kelley: Correct. Were seeing a step up in our storage revenues based on higher rates and the expansion that came online in April. And well have an additional expansion come online in April of 2023 where youll see another step up in our storage revenues.
Pierce Norton: So, Craig, the only thing Id add to that, this is Pierce, is post Winter Storm Uri, the value of storage has increased. And so we do have customers that lay that seasonal spread and that benefit goes to them. But we also have utilities that are putting gas into storage every single month during the summers getting ready for that winter pull that they have during their peak demand from basically December through March.
Craig Shere: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Jean Ann from Salisbury, sorry, Jean Ann Salisbury from Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. good morning. It looks like there has been some movement on the open season for gas takeaway options out of the back end, but it seems like theyre targeting 2026, which is kind of a long time from now. Do you think that will be soon enough to not constrain gas growth out of the Bakken?
Kevin Burdick: Jean Ann, this is Kevin. Yes, I think we feel good about the timing of that. Theres some other smaller scale things that have gone on up there that have created a little more capacity. So we think that timing lines up pretty well with the kind of our outlook of where gas volumes go. I would remind you, theres still, we believe 300 million, 400 million a day of Canadian gas that can be displaced coming out of the Bakken. And so thats theres capacity there that just may not on the surface look like its there. In addition, we can always, if you get tight and were I say, were wrong or were a little bit late, you can always recover ethane to reduce the MMBtus that go into the pipe. So we  all in all, we feel good about where were at.
Jean Ann Salisbury: That makes sense. Thank you. And there has been a trend of NGL integrated midstream companies, buying GMP companies, which ONEOK has not really participated in. If this trend continues, do you see it potentially impacting your rates or your close on the Gulf Coast negatively?
Pierce Norton: Well, I think Ill let Kevin get into the details of this, but we believe that the positions that we have in the other basins are the right thing for us to pursue based on our positions with our assets and the things that we see in the future. I mean, its  could it have a downward pressure on some of the volumes? Yes. But Id remind everybody that the rates that we get as far as margins in the Permian, in the mid-continent are some of our lowest ones. So as far as having a really material impact, we dont see that in the future. Kevin, you got anything to add to that?
Kevin Burdick: No, Id just say that with some of those transactions, obviously, we take a look a lot of things, but they just havent been a fit for us. One of the things I would put out there is that me that we could have continued to grow volumes on our West Texas LPG system. Many of those contracts have quite a bit of term left, and many of them are with producers who have taken kind rights. So regardless who the processor is we believe those volumes will stay with us. So thats some of the other dynamics at play.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. Thats very helpful. Thats all for me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question from Sunil Sibal from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi, good morning, folks. And thanks for all the clarity on the volume trend. So one question for me on the CapEx side of things, could you talk a little bit about what kind of inflation trends youre seeing in terms of building costs versus what you had budgeted at the start of the year?
Pierce Norton: Yes. From a cost perspective, weve probably seen more pressure on outside services more than anything as we think about our projects. In many cases for the projects, we were working on, especially MB-5 and Demicks III that equipment had been purchased years ago before the projects were paused. So we had a lot of that taken care of. On the new equipment that were ordering and the new materials were ordering probably as much impact from a supply chain perspective just on a timeliness or schedule perspective than cost. So those are some of the things were obviously watching closely and staying on top of hadnt impacted any of our scheduled dates or our dollar amounts that weve got these projects approved for. So we still feel very good that were right on top of on budget and on schedule.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Thanks for that. And then one housekeeping question for me, it seems like, your reconciliation, you had called out a 10 million sequential decrease in the NGL segments from commodity price differentials. I thought the commodity price differentials kind of widened out a little bit in Q2 versus Q1. Am I just looking at that correctly? And I was curious about that line item?
Kevin Burdick: Sunil, this is Kevin. Yes, thats just with our assets and with  weve got assets in Conway and Belvieu and storage, thats just the delta between sometimes we have an opportunity to make money than as different prices per by commodity. So how different prices compare of the different commodities in how we move barrels around and how we sell barrels. And so that 10 million was just lower than the  sequentially lower in the first  than the first quarter in that part of our business. But its all in is part of that kind of how were optimizing our system.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. And anything to read into that from for the second half of this year?
Kevin Burdick: No, that bounces  thatll bounce around quarter-to-quarter just in the sequential comparison.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. Thanks. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Next question from James Carreker from U.S. Capital Advisors. Your is open. Please go ahead.
James Carreker: Hey, thanks for the question. Just thinking about the Medford outage some more, were those NGLs fractionated there largely sold into Conway, or they sold down in Mount Belvieu and just making sure that theres with that outage theres sufficient pipe capacity to move incremental barrels down to Mont Belvieu to get fracked?
Sheridan Swords: James, this is Sheridan. We dont designate by frac where we sell barrels. We can  with our integrated system, we can deliver barrels from any of our frac into the Mont Belvieu complex. And with that frac being down, we can get these barrels into the Mont Belvieu complex, mainly because of our Arbuckle II asset that we had just brought online that we know had significant extra capacity on it for upside. So were able to deliver through the raw feed system down to Mont Belvieu. And if we need to, we can use the purity system to do that as well. Since we dont have as much purities coming off the  we dont have any purities coming off the Medford frac. We have a little bit extra capacity on that. So from a pipeline perspective, we feel very good about getting the product into Mont Belvieu.
James Carreker: Thanks for that. And I guess maybe one follow-up, maybe its minor, but just noticed on this earnings presentation, youre now saying greater than $0.06 bundled rate on your Gulf Coast, Permian volumes versus prior approximately $0.06, is that maybe a trend that continues or any other color on whats going on there?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, a lot of it, I think well see our rates tick up a little bit, and youre seeing that because of the inflationary escalators that we have on our system.
James Carreker: Okay. Thank you.
Pierce Norton: Thank you.
Operator: It appears that there is no further question at this time. Mr. Andrew, Id like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remark.
Andrew Ziola: Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in October and well extend until we release earnings in early November. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the First Quarter 2022 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Paula, and welcome to ONEOK's first quarter 2022 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks management will be available to take your question. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in our company. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines.  Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2022 results, which highlighted year-over-year natural gas and NGL volume growth. Earnings significantly increased year-over-year when adjusting for the favorable Winter Storm Uri impact in the first quarter of 2021. Customer and producer conversations continue to point to additional activity through the remainder of the year, supported by strong demand for U.S. energy and commodity prices far exceeding basin breakeven economics. Our built-in operating leverage and proven track record of disciplined and intentional growth have positioned us well to support increasing producer activity levels. Our systems have significant capacity to grow alongside the needs of our customers. And because of our large infrastructure projects are complete, we now have opportunities for bolt-on expansion projects with quicker in-service dates, attractive returns and minimal capital requirements. Not only are we expecting strong activity going forward, but our position in the key U.S. shale basins provides us a long runway to continue our efforts to help address increasing domestic and international energy demand. Current events continue to demonstrate the importance of natural gas and natural gas liquids and a long-term energy transformation and highlights the critical role that ONEOK plays in providing essential energy products and services. Before I hand the call over, I'd like to discuss the recent weather events that have impacted our Rocky Mountain region operations in April and into early May. First of all, I want to thank our employees in the area, and those who supported from other locations to ensure that we were as prepared as possible for these two unprecedented winter events within a two-week period. The severe April storms caused blizzard conditions, record-setting snowfall, high winds and extensive power outages across North Dakota, Montana and South Dakota. A number of our employees, staff facilities during these conditions to maintain the safe and reliable operations of our assets. Many of these employees were also dealing with lost power and damage at their own homes. Widespread outages left many of our facilities without power for several days and a significant number of wells across the Williston Basin were shut in. Our primary focus has been on the safety of our employees, assets and the communities where we operate as we continue to work through the full impact of the storms. Due to the basin-wide power outages, our April Rocky Mountain region volumes were reduced in both our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments by approximately 20%. May volumes will continue to be impacted as down power lines are replaced. Currently, our process volumes are more than 1.1 billion cubic feet per day, and our NGL volumes are more than 320,000 barrels per day and trending up as shut-in wells are brought back online. The coordination during and since these weather events with our customers, local agencies, communities and other operators in the area has been impressive, once again highlighting the resiliency of our employees, assets and our customers. Even with this late winter storm, we are affirming our financial guidance ranges and midpoints for both adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOK's first quarter 2022 net income totaled $391 million, or $0.87 per share, a 24% increase compared with the first quarter 2021 when excluding the benefit of Winter Storm Yuri. First quarter EBITDA -- adjusted EBITDA increased 11% year-over-year when excluding Winter Storm Yuri. We ended the first quarter with a higher inventory of unfractionated NGLs primarily due to timing and expect to recognize those earnings in the second quarter as our current inventory is fractionated and sold. Our net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis remains below 4 times, and we continue to view 3.5 times or lower as our long-term aspirational leverage goal. In April, Moody's updated ONEOK's rating outlook to positive, and affirmed our investment-grade rating. ONEOK maintains investment-grade ratings with Moody's, S&P and Fitch. As Pierce mentioned, the recent extreme April storms have impacted our operations in the Rocky Mountain region. But even with these weather impacts, we are affirming our 2022 financial guidance. Strong volumes prior to the weather impacts, strengthened drilling activity, DUC completions through the remainder of the year and a positive outlook for NGL and natural gas demand this year points to a strong volume exit rate in 2022. I now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. During the first quarter, we saw a double-digit NGL volume growth across all our operating regions compared with the first quarter 2021, and Rocky Mountain region natural gas processing volumes increased 11% year-over-year. After reporting record Rocky Mountain region natural gas and NGL volumes in the fourth quarter 2021, we saw volumes decrease sequentially in the first quarter 2022, primarily due to normal seasonality across our operating areas. Through the first four months of the year, we've continued to see encouraging activity from producers, and we expect these activity levels to trend higher through the remainder of the year. Let's take a closer look at our natural gas liquids segment. Total NGL raw feed throughput volumes increased 17% year-over-year supported by increasing producer activity and increased ethane recovery. Rocky Mountain region NGL volumes increased 24% compared with the first quarter of 2021. In April, we reached peak volumes of more than 385,000 barrels per day from the region prior to the severe late-season storms Pierce discussed earlier. Mid-Continent NGL volumes increased 10% year-over-year. As producers continue to increase activity in the Mid-Continent, a large majority of those related NGLs are transported on our system. So far this year, NGL volumes from the region are trending slightly higher than we had originally planned. In the Permian Basin, NGL volumes increased 23% year-over-year due to strong producer activity levels, which feed our West Texas NGL pipeline. In the Gulf Coast, construction continues on our 125,000 barrel per day MB-5 fractionator in Mont Belvieu, which we now expect to be complete in the second quarter of 2023. MB-5 will increase our total system-wide fractionation capacity to more than 1 million barrels per day. International LPG demand remains strong, and we continue to expect both domestic and international ethane demand to continue to increase throughout 2022. As natural gas prices have increased this year, ethane prices have kept pace, providing attractive ethane recovery economics in certain areas of our system. While first quarter ethane recovery is typically lighter due to natural gas heating demand and typical winter weather impacts, we see strong ethane recovery opportunities for the remainder of the year. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. In the Rocky Mountain region, first quarter processed volumes averaged 1.3 billion cubic feet per day, an 11% increase year-over-year. In April, volumes reached a peak of more than 1.4 billion cubic feet per day prior to the storms. We connected more than 90 wells in the region in the first quarter compared with 38 connections in the first quarter 2021, and are on pace to meet our guidance midpoint of 400 well connections in the region. There are currently 38 rigs and 12 completion crews operating in the basin, with 17 rigs and approximately half of the completion crews on our dedicated acreage. This continues to be more than enough activity to grow gas production in the basin and on our acreage. Additionally, the basin-wide DUC inventory remains at approximately 500, with half of those on our dedicated acreage. Recent reports from the North Dakota Pipeline Authority highlight the long runway of core drilling inventory remaining in the Williston Basin. Enhanced drilling and completion technologies are significantly increasing the basin's core acreage and further extending the decades of profitable drilling locations remaining in the region. The core acreage in the basin has expanded by an additional 3,000 square miles, with more than 7,000 drilling locations added to inventory that are profitable at crude oil prices of $60 per barrel. In the Mid-Continent region, we continue to see increased activity with 3 rigs now operating on our acreage and 45 rigs basin-wide. We continue to expect increased natural gas processing volumes from the region compared with 2021 and expect the majority of rigs basin wide to drive additional NGLs to our system. In the natural gas pipeline segment, strong first quarter results benefited from increased natural gas sales and higher seasonal volumes compared with the fourth quarter 2021. We continue to see strong demand for natural gas storage services and are working to expand our facilities to meet this increasing demand. We recently completed a 1.1 billion cubic feet expansion of our Texas storage facilities and announced an open season to increase our storage capabilities in Oklahoma, enabling an additional 4 billion cubic feet of storage capacity to be contracted. This project is expected to be complete in early 2023. We also recently announced two open seasons for additional pipeline capacity to address increased demand, one, on our WesTex pipeline system in the Permian Basin, and one on our Viking pipeline in the Upper Midwest. We continue to work with customers across our natural gas pipeline network to address their evolving transportation and storage needs as these key assets continue to provide value year-round. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and Walt. The overall dynamics in the midstream space and for ONEOK specifically remain positive. We increased activity, strengthened demand and available system operating leverage. The U.S. energy industry is well positioned to be a significant source for domestic and global natural gas and NGL supply for the long term, with midstream playing a vital role in the safe and responsible transportation of these vital energy resources. As we continue to help supply our country in the world with low-cost energy, we are also looking to play an important role in the transformation to a lower-carbon future through best management practices and collaboration with customers and service providers. We are addressing the growing need for energy products and services today, while also preparing for a long-term energy future. It's this innovation, resiliency and dedication of our employees that makes ONEOK a leader in our industry with the positive momentum we're seeing in our business, and the increasingly positive outlook for the remainder of the year, we're well positioned for yet another year of volume and earnings growth. With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Steve on for Jeremy. I guess I just wanted to start obviously with the most topical one about weather. And in the release, we talked about reaching 1.4 million cubic feet per day in the Bakken. So I just wanted to see if that's -- is that an average? Or was that what you got to and just kind of how that's trending now with how things are there?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. That reached volume that we said, that's not an average for April. That was just -- we wanted to provide a number out there that showed where we -- the gas that was available. So we were at 1.4 Bcf a day on a few days there before the storms hit, which shows kind of where we were trending. In my remarks, I mentioned that we were at -- or I think Pierce, we were at 1.1 Bcf a day currently, and that's trending up as the wells are brought back online.
Unidentified Analyst: And then next one, I guess, we'll go to the GORs. I guess I just kind of want to get some feedback there on how you're seeing those trending as new wells get drilled. Are they maintaining kind of that GOR level? Or are they becoming I think, more oil-based at early stages and just how you're kind of seeing that go?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The GORs, when you look at trends over time, obviously, they've been going up, I think the number is like 80% since 2016. And -- but yes, you'll see some fluctuations, some minor fluctuations as new wells are brought on. The GORs do increase over time for individual wells. The GORs also are a little different across different parts of the basin from a regional perspective. But yes, you'll see some dynamics of that will bounce around month-to-month as new wells are brought online and as drilling occurs in different parts of the play. But the general trend is it's going to continue to go up.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: Maybe just to start off on operations. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the completion guidance for this year. We saw roughly 90 wells completed, which kind of indicates that roughly 25% of the well completions were done in 1Q per the guide. So typically knowing that most of the well completions were no back half weighted just due to natural seasonality, I was curious if you could see some upside to that well completion number particularly as producers, specifically the private took to take advantage of the current pricing and rigs start to materially come back into the basin over the balance of '22?
Sheridan Swords: Brian, this is Sheridan. And what I would say -- we said in our remarks that we're staying at our previous guidance on well connects. But as you said, coming out of the first quarter with 90 well connects is a really good start to this year.
Brian Reynolds: Maybe to pivot to just future -- the natural gas segment really outperformed this quarter. I was curious if you could just talk about those future recontracting opportunities, specifically around the Permian and around the West Texas system just given Permian nat gas tightness and whether there are opportunities to expand WesTex similar to what we saw 12 in 2018?
Pierce Norton: Chuck, do you want to take that one?
Charles Kelley: Yes, surely. Brian, this is Chuck. So as you said in 2018, we had an expansion, we also recontracted. We're seeing right now similar opportunities for this year. We're currently working on an additional expansion opportunity beyond the open season that's listed on our website, that'll be moving Permian gas north as well like we did in 2018. So that's an incremental expansion. And then on recontracting, we see some really good recontracting opportunities this year, somewhere in the neighborhood of up to 200 million a day on recontracting.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Praneeth Satish with Wells Fargo.
Praneeth Satish: I think you mentioned that NGL volumes in the Bakken reached 385,000 barrels per day prior to the winter weather. So I mean that's an 88% utilization rate on your NGL pipe. So I guess my question is, why aren't you moving forward with an Elk Creek expansion at this point? Are you waiting for utilization to get closer to 100% or waiting to see what happens with the gas pipe expansion? Just trying to get a better understanding of your thought process behind an expansion.
Sheridan Swords: Praneeth, we -- this is Sheridan. When we look at the expansion, we got -- we look out forward and see when we'll need it, when we need to start commissioning that expansion. And you've got to think about that we have about 440,000 barrels a day today and at 385 that has quite a bit of incentivized ethane in it. So we can kind of swing on that as well. So we continue to look through our gathering and processing what's going on in the basin when we need to expand that and when we need to expand the capital. And right now, we're sitting today, we think, in the short term, we have enough capacity on the system to handle what we need going forward, but we continue to evaluate the opportunity to expand and make sure that we put ourselves in a position that when it is time to expand, we can expand it quickly.
Praneeth Satish: And then I wanted to ask about the rate case on the Guardian pipeline. If you could just ballpark the magnitude of the rate case, and how you intend to proceed? Would you expect to settle with shippers? I mean I know you're probably limited in what you can say, but just any clarity would be helpful.
Pierce Norton: Chuck, do you want to take that one?
Charles Kelley: Got a connection problem. But as we look at the rate case, yes, it's not going to be a big deal at all. When I say a big deal, it's not going to be material in the terms of where we're at from a rate and where we might go. Yes, those typically will evolve. We'll do our best to work with the shippers on the pipe, and come up with a rate that we feel is appropriate and move forward. But it's not going to be meaningful to our overall EBITDA.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Colton Bean with Tutor, Pickering, Holt & Company.
Colton Bean: Just a follow-up on Pierce and Kevin's comments. It sounded like 1.1 the as of processing currently versus the 320. So I think on the processing side, still down about 15% versus Q1, but actually up for NGL. So one, I just wanted to clarify that that's what you mentioned in terms of incentivized ethane. And then, two, interested in your thoughts on whether we're seeing a more structural shift or primarily due to pricing volatility over the last month or two?
Pierce Norton: Colton, when you say structural shift, I'm not sure I'm following that question on the pricing.
Colton Bean: Yes. Kevin, I think you mentioned that you see ethane opportunities over the balance of the year. So I guess I mean it seems like that would imply that you are seeing a pull on ethane. But I just wanted to get your thoughts on the market broadly.
Pierce Norton: Okay. Go ahead, Sheridan.
Sheridan Swords: Colton, this is Sheridan. I think when we look at the ethane market, no doubt it's going to be, I think, recovery rejection is going to be volatile through this year in certain areas. But with the increase in domestic demand that's coming online and with the increase in international demand or export demand, we still see some growth in ethane demand or a pull coming in. And right now, ethane is the only advantage crack and the petrochemicals right now. We are in the short term, seeing a little bit of softness due that we have some maintenance going on in the petrochemical industry. and they are working through some of the logistic issues they have on the supply side getting out, but that seems to be as we talk to our customers, is getting better. So as we see that, we -- that's what gives us confident that we'll see good opportunities to bring more incentivized ethane out of the Bakken for the rest of the year.
Colton Bean: Yes. Maybe a related question there. Sorry, go ahead.
Pierce Norton: No, we didn't say anything. Go ahead.
Colton Bean: Yes. Just on the optimization of marketing, it looks like that ticked higher here in Q1. I think historically, you all have highlighted the Conway to Belvieu ethane spread as key indicator of optimization opportunities? I guess, one, is that still a good marker? And then, two, can you frame the opportunity that you're seeing if so?
Sheridan Swords: Well, a lot of things that happened in the optimization of marketing between 4Q and 1Q, you remember in 4Q, we were down due to timing of inventory sales, and we said we'd get that back in 2022 when we got it back in the first quarter of '21. And the reason we use ethane as the marker for the Conway to Belvieu spread for optimization is the fact that ethane is the product we have the most of. So that's volume in it. But volatility in that spread views us a lot of opportunity, whether or not it's going to Belvieu or in favor of Conway with all products. So we were able to use that volatility to make our positions on contracts to make minor either way if the favor of Conway in favor of Belvieu, what we need is just some volatility between the two markets, not necessarily just wide markets to Belvieu.
Colton Bean: And I guess in terms of the spread that we've seen just over the course of Q2, I mean, is that maybe offer a little bit of upside relative to that 5% guidance contribution?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We're seeing a little bit wider spread right now on the ethane side in Q2, and that's mainly right now due to the fact that we have some Mid-Continent crackers that are in turnaround. We think they'll be short lived through May, but it has given us some upside in the second quarter.
Operator: And next, we'll go to John Mackay with Goldman Sachs.
John Mackay: I just wanted to kind of collect some of the comments you guys have had so far. Just thinking about the flat or unchanged guidance versus some of the weather impacts. I guess you've talked about first quarter well connects being a little bit better talked about Mid-Con maybe being a little bit better. But just can you kind of line up the moving pieces that get you to kind of maintained guidance versus after the weather impact, specifically? Is your kind of ethane recovery assumption actually better now than it was a few months ago?
Kevin Burdick: Well, this is Kevin, John. I think you hit on a bunch of the key attributes we're looking through. One, yes, we've seen weather impact our Bakken volumes, but it hasn't changed the rest of the year outlook for our growth opportunities in the Bakken, both on the G&P side and the NGL side. So we see that as very positive. And we continue to see activity at or above levels than we were anticipating when we put out guidance. So we think there's going to be some offset there. Clearly, we've had ethane recovery opportunities both so far to date and as well as, as we look through the remainder of the year that we believe are going to be strong. You mentioned we're seeing growth. There's been some very positive and favorable calls where other processors and producers in the Mid-Continent about volumes growing there. So we think there's some upside there. And the Permian, again, where we can -- we haven't talked about it a lot on this call, but we've continued to get our fair share of the volume growth coming out of the Permian, and like our position with both our West Texas LPG system as well as our WesTex pipe system we've talked about. So there's a lot of tailwinds for us in a lot of those other areas, including the optimization and marketing side we have on the NGL business. And we think those are absolutely going to offset any hurt we may have had with the severe weather impact in April.
John Mackay: Maybe just as a follow-up, you guys talked about kind of strong international demand for NGLs. Can you just remind us where you sit on the export idea and kind of what the latest might be?
Kevin Burdick: Well, we continue to work it. As we've said for a while, it's a piece of the business. We would love to extend the value chain and we see that as a natural extension. It's a nice fee-based business. But at the same time, we're working with a lot of different markets, and we're trying to get a deal done. It would happen, but we're not going to step out and do something that's going to earn a return that we're not used to. So we're going to be disciplined. We're going to be intentional about a dock project, but we continue to work it.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: I guess a couple of questions and one kind of follow-up question, I guess, maybe on ethane. On one of your competitors' conference calls earlier this week, there was mention that the Permian is still rejecting about 200 to 200,000 barrels a day of ethane. And obviously, if we hit some bottleneck constraints with natural gas egress in the Permian, then you would look to recover that. So I guess maybe my question is, if this actually does happen and you start going to full ethane recovery mode in the Permian, what do you think that means for ethane recovery and other basins? Do you think that you have to have an offset there? And if so, kind of what basins do you think you'll see some of the offsets?
Pierce Norton: Yes. I think all that 200, as I read that call to, all that 200 may not be recoverable out there in the Permian. I can only speak to our system. Our system, we're fairly full on recovering ethane on our system. But if you would see natural gas prices get depressed and if there's more ethane to be recovered out of the Permian, that will have a downward pressure on ethane as it relates to other basins and probably the first basin we would see come out of is probably our Mid-Continent Basin. But we still have the opportunity to move that mid-continent basin in front of the Permian Basin by flexing our rates as we've done out of the Bakken because we've always said the Bakken well at full rates will be out of -- we'll be in rejection for this year and for the future. But I think it may have some impact on it, but I don't think it's going to have a major impact on what our forward -- what we're forward-looking for ethane out of the Mid-Continent.
Chase Mulvehill: The other question is really just when we think about Bakken egress and kind of look at the situation over the next two or three years, -- do you see any egress bottlenecks, whether it's for oil, NGLs or natural gas? And if so, which one do you think you hit first?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think the basin is in really good shape. Oil is fine with energy transfer and apples expansion. They're in great shape. NGL we've talked about that. We've got capacity currently, and we have a quick low-cost expansion. We could add another 100,000 barrels a day of NGL capacity. So we go to residue. We -- there's still volume on Northern border that can be priced out or pushed out. Bakken gas can displace gas coming from Canada. There's an open season out right now for 400 million, 500 million a day that Northern Border has out there on a Bison reversal and there's some other smaller expansions from a residue perspective that are out there being discussed, that could -- that will help out the basin from a residue takeaway. So all in all, we feel like the capacities that are out there and some of the expansions that are available, put the basin in really good shape from a takeaway perspective.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. I just wanted to start off with a couple of clarifications. If I heard correctly, I think you said April volumes reduced by 20% because of the weather events. So just wanted to clarify, is that 20% based on the peak rates that you mentioned hitting in April? Or is it more related to Q1 averages?
Pierce Norton: Yes, that would be roughly off the 1.4 Bcf a day.
Sunil Sibal: And then I think you mentioned also that you have runway to exceed the 400 well connects in that you guided to for Bakken. I was curious, is that the exit rate we are talking about? Or do you think that for the full year average -- or for the full year total, you would probably exceed 400 well connects?
Pierce Norton: Well, I think what Sheridan said was we're still maintaining our guidance range, which the midpoint would be 400 but connecting more than 90 wells in the first quarter is an outstanding start to the year. So there's definitely -- we think there could be some upside there.
Sunil Sibal: And then one on CapEx trend. So it seems like you expedited the start-up date on the MB-5 a little bit, and then you're also adding gas capacity. What does that mean for the total CapEx for full year? I saw that Q1 was a little bit higher or was it pickup from Q4?
Pierce Norton: Yes. We still feel good about our capital guidance range as well. As we think about -- as we looked at the first quarter, we always have some seasonal kind of timing things of just routine growth type stuff. Again, we did not increase the cost at all for MB-5 in accelerating that schedule. That was just our ability. We had some things go our way from a schedule perspective early in the project that allowed us to pull it forward. So the guidance range for capital is still in place.
Operator: And our final question will come from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: First, I just had a question of clarification around the different moving components of the average bundled rate for the Rocky Mountain NGL raw feed throughput. So if you did -- on an average basis $0.26 for the $3.14 average of first quarter, and hit $3.85 in April, what would be the analogous average bundle rate if there was a lot of incentive ethane attributed to about $3.85?
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, this is Sheridan. To be honest with you, I have no idea what it will be. It will be around the 26. The reason I say that is the accountants will work through it and we have a lot of moving parts on that. But it's going to be 26% to 27% in that range is where I would say that it's going to come out to be.
Theresa Chen: And to the earlier comment about your customers seeing some alleviation downstream on the pet chem front, I'm just curious to hear how do you see the pace and path of supply chain models relieving out of the Gulf Coast? To the extent that it can reduce some of the economic run cuts on ethane cracking and increased demand.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I could say is as we've talked to our customers and seeing what they're seeing in there, and they said they have had some issues getting rid of the polyethylene pellets to get them exported out of there or actually get them from the petrochemical facilities to the dock. And they keep saying they're working through that and continue to improve that to be better. And they're optimistic that it's going to improve over time is kind of what we're hearing. Obviously, if there's a bottleneck there, you could see them slow down their production to make sure they get rid of the products. But they seem to be more upbeat now than they have in the past.
Theresa Chen: And lastly, if I can just squeeze one more in. On the cost side, you've seen some good cost control in first quarter. Just wondering your outlook for costs for the year as far as potential inflationary pressures go?
Pierce Norton: We've seen a little bit of the inflationary pressures. I would just remind everybody that we also have the escalators on our contracts that we think are more than offset the cost increases we have seen. The first quarter-- if we look at op cost, the first quarter is usually just a little bit light as you think about the rest of the year. But we still feel good. Again, all that's factored in as we talk about reaffirming our guidance. Inflationary pressures are included in that analysis.
Operator: And now I'd like to turn it back to Mr. Ziola for any additional or closing comments.
Andrew Ziola: Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in July, and extends until we release earnings in early August. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you and that does conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-03-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 ONEOK Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Jennifer. Welcome, everyone, to ONEOKs fourth quarter and year-end 2021 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation that includes 2022 guidance after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, well be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder, before we turn it over to the conference coordinator for Q&A, we ask you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, Ill turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest and investment in ONEOK. Thank you for taking the time to join us. Weve got a lot to cover today. With me on the call today is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas. Yesterday, we announced strong fourth quarter and full year 2021 performance, recording our eighth consecutive year of adjusted EBITDA growth. That equates to a 13% annual growth rate during that eight-year period, highlighting the stable and resilient earnings power of our assets despite various economic and commodity cycles. In 2021, during a year of continued economic recovery in lingering pandemic-related challenges, we grew adjusted EBITDA 24% compared with 2020, continued to strengthen our balance sheet and achieved record natural gas and NGL volumes on our Rocky Mountain region assets. 2021 provided other milestones as well, including our announcement of a greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, receiving an upgraded AA ESG rating from MSCI, and once again receiving a perfect score in the latest Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. These are only a few of the many great things were doing as a company to ensure ONEOK remains a great workplace, community partner and service provider. With yesterdays earnings announcement, we also provided 2022 financial and volume guidance expectations. We expect increasing producer activity and improving market demand to drive strong volume and earnings growth across our operations. As weve said before, we are well positioned financially and operationally in 2022 and for many years to come. Before I hand the call over to the team for more details on 2022, Id like to reiterate what makes ONEOK so uniquely well positioned for the long term. First, our extensive and integrated assets, which are located in some of the most productive U.S. shale basins. Our customers are well capitalized with decades of proven reserves and many have announced plans to sustain and grow production levels in 2022. In the Williston Basin, in particular, steady crude oil production still means NGL and natural gas growth for ONEOK due to rising gas to oil ratios. Second, our dedication to safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations. Our commitment to safety in the environment is a core value for ONEOK. Its critical for us to be safe and reliable service provider, and we strive to be a good partner in the areas where we operate. Our ESG-related performance is a source of pride for ONEOK, and were committed to continuing to make progress. Third, our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings, which provides significant financial flexibility. Weve reduced our leverage to below 4 times and continue to drive that lower, providing optionality for the future cash flows and investor returns. Fourth, our built-in operating leverage and proven track record of disciplined and intentional growth. After completing more than $5 billion of capital growth projects prior to the pandemic, our systems have significant capacity to grow alongside the needs of our customers. And because of our large infrastructure projects are complete, we now have opportunities for short-cycle bolt-on type projects at attractive returns. Fifth, the resilience and increasing demand for natural gas and NGLs. We deliver energy products and services that are vital to an advancing world. And we believe these resources will play an important role in the energy transformation. And finally, the depth and experience of this management team who have a proven track record and extensive experience. This team has been through commodity cycles, adapted business models and adopted significant changes in technology and innovation over the years. This team continues to grow our core business and advance our company forward. It is because of these factors and the segment-specific drivers the team will discuss in a moment that I have such confidence and excitement for ONEOKs future. With that, Ill turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOKs fourth quarter and full year 2021 net income totaled $379 million and $1.5 billion, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA for the same periods totaled $847 million and $3.38 billion, respectively, representing year-over-year increases of 14% for the fourth quarter and 24% for the full year. Our December 31 net debt-to-EBITDA was just below 4 times, passing through an important marker and our continued deleveraging strategy. We continue to prioritize reducing leverage below 4 times and view 3.5 times or lower as our long-term aspirational debt-to-EBITDA goal. In 2021, we reduced our total outstanding debt more than $600 million by proactively paying off nearly $550 million of maturing debt on November 1st with cash on hand and being opportunistic with open market repurchases earlier in 2021. We currently have no debt maturities due before the fourth quarter of 2022. Fourth quarter results reflect volume growth in our Rocky Mountain region that was offset by higher operating costs. These higher costs were driven by discretionary employee-related benefit costs and expenses related to planned O&M maintenance projects completed in the fourth quarter in our natural gas liquids and our natural gas pipeline segment. As Pierce mentioned, with yesterdays earnings announcement, we provided 2022 financial guidance, including a net income midpoint of $1.69 billion and EPS of $3.76 per diluted share. We also provided an adjusted EBITDA range of $3.5 billion to $3.8 billion, with $3.62 billion as our midpoint, representing a 7% increase compared with 2021. We expect double-digit earnings growth at the midpoint for both the natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segments, driven by higher volume expectations across our operations. Kevin will provide more detail on our volume outlook. In our natural gas pipeline segment, we expect earnings to be stable year-over-year when adjusting for Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter of 2021. Our 2022 guidance assumes producer activity associated with WTI crude oil prices in the low $70 range. Sustained higher prices could lead to more activity and the quicker volume ramp, which could drive earnings towards the higher end of our guidance range. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $975 million, which includes growth and maintenance capital. This midpoint reflects the investments necessary to keep up with the expected increase in producer activity and volume expectations, including investments to complete Demicks Lake III in early 2023 and MB-5 in mid-2023. Our routine growth capital accounts for a higher number of well connects and other high-return routine growth projects such as pump stations, compression expansions and other debottlenecking projects to meet our customer needs. Our guidance also assumes the impact of inflation. As weve mentioned previously, we have escalators on many of our natural gas liquids, and gathering and processing contracts. These are typically tied to either CPI or PPI indexes and provide protection from rising costs. We expect these types of escalators to keep pace or exceed inflationary costs as we move forward. Ill now turn the call over to Kevin for an operational update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Fourth quarter volumes continued to show strength, particularly in the Rocky Mountain region, where processed volumes increased 5% and NGL volumes increased 6% compared with the third quarter of 2021. Natural gas processed volumes in the Mid-Continent increased in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter as weve seen -- as we continue to see more activity in the region, while NGL volumes in the Mid-Continent decreased due to some reduced third-party volumes and lower ethane recovery levels. Overall, for 2021, natural gas and NGL volumes saw significant increases from 2020 levels. We saw record natural gas and NGL volumes on our Rocky Mountain region assets with significantly higher activity in rising gas to oil ratios. In the fourth quarter alone, our team connected 130 wells, nearly doubling the amount from the third quarter for a total of more than 320 in 2021, a great accomplishment for our team in meeting the needs of our customers and continuing to provide momentum into 2022. Now, taking a closer look at 2022. At the midpoint, our volume guidance would result in an 8% increase in total NGL volumes and an 11% increase in total natural gas processing volumes compared with 2021. These higher expectations are supported by increasing producer activity, volume growth from recently completed ONEOK and third-party projects, rising gas to oil ratios in the Williston Basin and ethane recovery opportunities across our NGL system. With the recent completion of our Bear Creek plant expansion, we are already seeing increasing volumes from Dunn County, and we expect the plant will continue to ramp up over the next two to three years. However, with activity levels in the area consistently outpacing our expectations, we could be looking at an even quicker ramp. In the natural gas liquids segment, we expect continued volume growth from our existing customers and from new third-party plant connections. In the Williston Basin, volumes are expected to increase compared with 2021, supported by higher activity levels and recently completed and expanded processing plants. The Mid-Continent also continues to pick up, particularly from private producers with very recent activity levels providing potential tailwinds not fully factored into our guidance expectations. Our NGL system is connected to more than 90% of the natural gas processing plants in the Mid-Continent. So, any increased producer activity in the region is likely to provide NGL volume to ONEOK, regardless if the activity is on our gathering and processing dedicated acreage. In the Permian Basin, we expect double-digit NGL volume growth on our West Texas NGL pipeline compared with 2021, driven by increased volumes in the Midland and Delaware basins. The volume growth is primarily from long-term contracts entered into a few years ago as well as new contracts we have recently signed. Switching to ethane. Demand continues to increase with more than 300,000 barrels per day of incremental demand expected to come on line in 2022 from new and expanding petrochemical facilities and from growth in exports. Our NGL volume guidance assumes full ethane recovery in the Permian Basin and partial Mid-Continent recovery throughout the year. Weve assumed no full rate Rocky Mountain region recovery. However, we do anticipate opportunities to incent some recovery. This opportunity will fluctuate throughout the year, but a conservative amount is assumed in our 2022 guidance. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. We expect volume growth this year in both the Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent regions. In the Rocky Mountain region, we expect processed volumes to grow 15% at the midpoint compared with 2021 and average nearly 1.5 billion cubic feet per day in 2022. Just five years earlier, in 2017, volumes totaled 830 million cubic feet per day. Thats an approximately 12% annual growth rate over the last five years, while crude oil production has increased in the low single digits. Accordingly, GORs have increased nearly 70% during that same time period. The Williston Basin remains resilient and highly productive. Producers continue to gain efficiencies as they drill in this proven and highly economic region, and the core of the basin is expanding. The North Dakota Pipeline Authority recently estimated that in the last two years alone, more than 7,000 drilling locations have been added to inventory that are profitable at $60 per barrel. This is consistent with what our customers are telling us as most of them still have decades of inventory remaining. There are currently 33 rigs and 10 completion crews operating in the basin with 15 rigs and 5 completion crews on our dedicated acreage. This is more than enough activity to grow gas production on our acreage, and we expect that as DUCs are completed through the spring, rigs across the basin will increase. As weve said previously, approximately 14 to 15 rigs, which can drill around 300 wells per year, is enough to maintain 1.4 billion cubic feet per day of production on our system. Any additional rigs combined with the rising gas to oil ratios of wells already connected to our system would provide additional volume growth. Additionally, more than 475 DUCs remain basin-wide with more than 250 on our dedicated acreage. We expect to connect 375 to 425 wells in the region this year. In the Mid-Continent region, activity continues to increase. We expect processing volumes in the region to increase compared with 2021, and we expect to more than double our well connections in 2022 to 30 to 50 wells compared with 15 last year. In the natural gas pipelines segment, we expect transportation capacity to be approximately 95% contracted and earnings to remain nearly fully fee-based in 2022. Following a successful open season in 2021, were in the process of expanding our Texas natural gas storage capacity by 1.1 billion cubic feet, which will increase our total system-wide storage capacity to more than 53 billion cubic feet. We continue to work with customers seeking additional long-term transportation and storage capacity on our system, which remains highly valued as these critical services are used year around. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, Walt. Strong financial and operating results in 2021 have provided momentum for another year of growth. We continue to benefit from our interconnected systems, built in operating leverage and the ability to incrementally grow with our customers. We continue to invest in our core businesses, remaining focused on optimizing our assets and staying dedicated to operating responsibly and reliably. Service is another one of ONEOKs core values, and it is something that our more than 2,800 employees know very well. Through 2021, they worked tirelessly through severe weather events like Winter Storm Uri to serve our customers and continue delivering the vital energy products necessary for the global economy to run. Our employees dedication to meeting customers needs while operating safely and responsibly, enabled our strong 2021 performance and has set us up for another year of growth in 2022. With that, operator, were ready to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: I wanted to go back to the comments on incentivized ethane recovery in 2022. Can you just give us a sense of whats going to drive that? And have you changed the rates directionally that youre charging on that incentivized ethane?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. What we -- as we said before, what drives that is the difference between natural gas prices in the Bakken compared to ethane prices in Mont Belvieu. And so, whats going to drive that rate higher is if we see that spread continue to wide, we will incentivize more ethane out of the Bakken to capture that spread. So, its not -- were not putting out a new tariff or reducing TNF fees. Were actually literally capturing gas price to ethane prices, which today is widened out wider than what we saw in 21.
Michael Blum: Okay, great. I appreciate that. And then, just maybe a related question, can you give us your latest thoughts on the -- some of the proposed, including your own natural gas pipeline expansion projects out of the Bakken? Do you think were getting closer to a place where were going to need some more gas capacity? Thanks.
Chuck Kelley: Yes. Michael, this is Chuck. I do, and we do. We believe that the Bakken will need some resolute takeaway, lets say, in the next, call it, three years either side of that. And as you may have heard on TC Energys call, they said dont be surprised if you see an open season this spring. And frankly, I think all stakeholders, processors, pipelines and producers realize the decision probably needs to be made this year to effectuate that time line. So between Northern Borders Bison Express pipeline and some underutilized pipelines in the Powder River Basin, I think well be able to go ahead and manage that egress.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to pick up on the Bakken a little bit here, I guess, more thoughts about NBPL in heat content and given kind of the trajectory here, just wondering if you could walk us through, I guess, procedurally next steps if its viewed that the heat content would get too high and there would need to be adjustments in the rate or less ethane accepted, or just any thoughts you could share there?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Jeremy, its Kevin. Yes. That phenomenon still exists. If you -- if we rewind a little bit pre-COVID, we were bumping up against those -- some BTU downstream challenges. And there was a lot of discussion in the basin and Northern Border had proposed a new tariff that ultimately got denied and FERC asked the pipe to go back and work with shippers, work with markets to produce a little more information. COVID hit and it really reduced the volumes back to where it wasnt an issue. If you look at gas production or gas capture in the Bakken today, we are back up to the pre-COVID levels. So the only thing thats keeping that problem from being persistent is the ethane that were recovering on an incentivized basis, which is reducing the heat content. If that market turns around and we dont incent ethane, then thats going to raise the BTU content back on border to the levels we were seeing pre-pandemic. So absolutely Northern Border continues to have those conversations. Its our understanding, they will go back to FERC with a recommendation sometime this year. But in the meantime, weve proven if we do end up with a heat content issue, we can always recover ethane to make that okay -- the BTU spec back okay on the pipe. But if thats a forced ethane recovery because of a BTU limit, that would be at full rates.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats a helpful context there. And maybe just kind of pivoting towards the guide for a minute here, and thanks for kind of listing some of the puts and takes. But just was curious if we think about kind of the formation of the guidance, I imagine this was informed last night, and it was formed a little while ago. And if you kind of overweigh the world today as we see it within how that applies to the guidance range. Could you provide any color there? Would that put you guys kind of at the high end, or any other thoughts on whats happening today? And how that covers, I guess, where you could fall in the guidance range?
Pierce Norton: Jeremy, this is Pierce. I think, given our asset capacity that we have today and then given kind of the backdrop that you described, which is improved demand and improved commodity prices, is really whats kind of driving this volume metric growth, and we all know that volume impacts us. Id probably say that our outlook today is as good or better than our guidance midpoint.
Operator: And well hear next from Brian Reynolds with UBS.
Brian Reynolds: Maybe just a follow-up on the guidance and talking about the upper end of the guidance range, which we seem to be pointing towards. Just kind of curious if you can help me reconcile the upper end of the G&P growth versus the NGL throughput. It seems like G&P growth is a little bit higher. Just kind of curious if you can give a little bit more commentary around ethane recovery assumptions. Are you assuming a little bit of ethane rejection into 22, or is that just kind of a conservative estimate with ethane recovery to the upside? Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Brian, this is Sheridan. I think what you need to look at is on the G&P side, what we noted in our release was that an increase in the Rocky Mountain region. On the NGLs, the increase was across our regions. And one of the big contributors to that is the Mid-Continent is growing less than 8%. So, thats bringing down the average for our NGL segment. And also in our guidance, we have less incentivized ethane than we did in 2021. So thats another reason that you brought it down a little bit as well.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Really appreciate that color. And as a follow-up just on capital allocation. The high end of the guide kind of implies 22 leverage exiting there 3.5 [ph]. Just curious if you could talk about the evolution of the long-term leverage target and how we should think about future opportunities around return of capital as we get into the end of the year and into 23? Thanks.
Walt Hulse: Well, were very pleased with how weve progressed on our leverage metrics and that we broke through that 4 times in our head and direction, as you mentioned. I think that as I said on the last call, were trying to triangulate between a couple of different metrics and just not entirely focused on the debt-to-EBITDA metric. Were also focusing on a dividend payout ratio. As you see at the guidance, were starting to break under 100%. And thats trending again and also in the right direction. And wed like to see that get some room under that 100% as we look and think about capital in the future. But theres no doubt that our flexibility as we move forward and these metrics get in line continues to broaden and be a little bit more flexible. And well look at that as the year and going into 23 progress.
Operator: And our next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: I was wondering if you wouldnt mind providing some incremental color on your production outlook, on the projection outlook in your areas of service into 2022 and maybe beyond as well as the GOR outlook.
Kevin Burdick: When you say production, Theresa, are you talking about the crude production as we see it? Or...
Theresa Chen: By our customers.
Kevin Burdick: By our customers?
Theresa Chen: Yes.
Kevin Burdick: I mean when we think about crude -- yes, we think about crude production in the flat -- excuse me, in the Bakken, its going to be -- we believe it will grow slightly. I mean, we dont think its going to grow at 10%, but we do believe there will be some level of growth based on what our customers are telling us. And the completions that we see on schedules, et cetera. With that crude production growth, we obviously then believe our gas production is going to grow at the percentages that weve outlined previously. So, I guess, thats how were thinking about that STACK/SCOOP going down the Mid-Continent. This is one that weve been saying flat to slightly declining. However, with the recent activity pick up, were probably looking at it in a slight increase type environment. I think thats consistent with what some others have said on their calls as well with some of the recent information. And obviously, the Permian is going to grow and has shown growth, and we believe well continue to get our fair share with both, our West Texas LPG asset and our OWT system out there. So we believe we can participate in that growth in the Permian.
Theresa Chen: And would you mind just sharing what kind of commodity price assumptions underlie your 2022 guidance?
Kevin Burdick: Well, thats where Walt mentioned, as we look at activity levels and things like that, we were using a low 70s type number for crude for 22. As we think about the rest of the commodities, weve driven so much exposure of the commodity exposure out of our business and with how we contract, we really -- that doesnt have a huge impact to us. I mean, it is a little bit of a tailwind right now at these prices. But it was definitely back if you think of crude in that $70 environment, that would be the associated NGLs and gas prices that we would have been looking at.
Operator: And well hear next from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company.
Colton Bean: So I think you may have just touched on this. But with the 2022 G&P guidance, it looks like EBITDA per Mcf is effectively flat year-on-year. Fee rate is guided to a similar range. So it sounds like part of that -- well, I guess, just broadly, could you walk us through why unit margins would be flat if the Bakken is comprising a greater share of volumes? And then, it sounds like commodity margin that may be skewed a bit by a price deck, but it seems like for both hedged and unhedged volumes, youd have a better outcome there.
Kevin Burdick: Colton, are you talking about specifically about G&P, or are you talking about overall? Im not sure we followed exactly what youre asking there.
Colton Bean: Just the G&P segment specifically. Yes, looking at the G&P segment, if I just -- yes, the G&P EBITDA versus volumes, it looks like EBITDA per M, so on a unit basis is kind of flattish. But I would have thought that the fee rate would have seen some escalation with the Bakken growing as quickly as it is. And then, on the commodity side, it sounds like that may be partially attributable to a difference in price deck.
Chuck Kelley: One thing -- excuse me, Colton, this is Chuck. One thing I would add is youve seen our volume guidance. So, obviously, our volumes are up year-over-year. And as part of that, we do have some percentage of proceeds exposures, roughly, call it, 15%, 18%. And at these volumes and these prices, you have a larger commodity piece contribution to our EBITDA. So the $1 to $1.05 average fee rate is across our segment. Obviously, the Bakken is higher. So Im not necessarily following your question.
Kevin Burdick: Colton, I think another thing thats factored in there is just weve seen that fee rate bounce around periodically quarter-to-quarter. So, were giving you -- were doing our best to give you the average for the year. That fee rate can move around depending on specific producer characteristics. So, if a producer that has a more of a POP contract with a lower fee, all of a sudden completes a bunch of wells in one given quarter, that can actually move that fee rate down. So, what youre getting there is a blend, but its going to bounce around quarter-to-quarter.
Colton Bean: Yes. No, I understood. You can follow up for that. I think looking at it from a high level, it just looks like the EBITDA per M is relatively flat. So with both commodities and Bakken growing was a bit confused there, but can follow up on that. And then just on the OpEx side of things, I know you mentioned compensation factored into that. So, can you give us an idea of how youd expect that to progress relative to Q4 levels?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think Q4, obviously, as Walt mentioned, had a couple of anomalies with the higher employee costs that were discretionary in the -- and the timing on some of our expense projects. If you think about 22 relative to 21 and look at a run rate, youre going to have a full year of Bear Creek II from a -- and youll see increased costs just with increased volumes, which well see. And then lastly, you will see some level of -- Im sorry, I just lost my train of thought here. Those are the two big drivers well see. And then -- but from a timing perspective, historically, our expenses, youll see that kind of grow over the year just related to the timing of a lot of the expense projects well do in the summer fall and then trying to get them done by the end of the year. That help you?
Colton Bean: It does, yes. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: I had a question about Mid-Con guidance. It looks like youre projecting basically flattish gathering and processing volumes in 2022 versus 2021, in the Mid-Con, but youre connecting many more wells than you did in 2021. Are you expecting much more oil-directed drilling, or is it a timing thing, or am I totally missing something else?
Chuck Kelley: Jean Ann, this is Chuck. No, we see an increase of -- I think our volume guidance came up roughly 2%. We actually, I think that might be a little light, it might be more like 3% to 5%. So, we did guide on volume slightly higher than our actuals from last year. And we do have good line of sight to the 30 to 50 well count that we put out in guidance right now. Weve got 4 rigs operating on our acreage, well capitalized publics behind that with a couple of private coming in Q2 and early Q3. So, I would say that our Mid-Continent volumes will be up, obviously, relative to 2021.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks. And then how are you thinking about the timing of Elk Creek expansion? Would you need both Bakken pipes to be approaching full or just Elk Creek to be basically full and Bakken doesnt have to be full to pursue it?
Sheridan Swords: Jean Ann, this is Sheridan. When we think about Elk Creek expansion, really, we do look at them both together. So we both look at Elk Creek and the Bakken pipeline to understand when we need to expand. And really, the next expansion on Elk Creek will come on what we call the east-west portion as we see sustainable volume that has to be delivered to OPPL as we optimize that, and we may decide to increase the pumps on that east-west section so that we can move on back off OPPL to optimize our earnings. So, thats kind of what we look at when we are going forward. So, right now, we feel with the Bakken OPPL connection and Elk Creek, we have plenty of capacity to meet our customers needs. And its just going to be an option when we expand.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Just curious, cost of everything in the worlds up, meaning commodity...
Pierce Norton: Michael, we could barely hear you.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Can you hear me now?
Pierce Norton: There you go. Perfect.
Michael Lapides: Real quick. Cost of everything is up. Inflations rough out there, steel, labor, et cetera. Can you talk about that trend thats impacting kind of all industries? And whether thats had an impact on your capital budget? So, if we look at your CapEx forecast, are you seeing changes at all in which your original expectations for either MB-5 or Demicks were, or the average cost for every new well connect relative to what it cost in maybe 2021 or 2020?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, its Kevin. Not significantly, and those numbers are baked into the guidance as we think about it. Related to Bear Creek II and Demicks Lake III, we were so far down the road on those projects that when you think about steel and a lot of the materials, a lot of that stuff was already purchased, bought on site, in many cases, installed at the site. Since that time, weve gone out and recontracted everything, rebid everything and were not seeing anything that would cause us to deviate from where were -- what we articulated from a cost standpoint. We are seeing probably a little tick up, as everybody else is, on just kind of your general materials and services. But so far, nothing that would be outside of what we would consider norms that -- and the philosophy is developed when we put the guidance together.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Meaning youre not seeing a lot of pressure in the cost to do new well connects relative to what youve seen over the last couple of years.
Kevin Burdick: No. I mean, there may be a minor uptick in some of the prices, again, of the materials. But again, all thats baked into what weve got from our growth and maintenance capital budget.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then, when we think about the capital budget for this year, really the impact of MB-5, is the bulk of the spend on that frac in this year and theres just a little trickle in the next year, or is it more evenly weighted across the years?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think it will be -- your heavier spend will be this year and early next year. We do believe both, MB-5 and Demicks Lake III will be completed early in the quarters that we provided out there. And were doing everything we can to accelerate them even more because wed like to have that capacity available. And some of thats factored into the guidance expectation as well.
Operator: And well go next to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Hi. Congratulations on the ongoing progress here. With regards to the realized NGL pricing, Im sorry if I missed it, but it seems like the Rockies was just $0.01 lower sequentially. And I was wondering to what degree thats just random fluctuation or it reflects the level of incentivized ethane, or does it impact maybe some volumes actually starting to increase all the PRB?
Kevin Burdick: No. Craig, this is Kevin. That realized NGL pricing, I think youre referring to on the G&P side. Thats just a function. It does include our hedges in there, which is what is -- what pulled that down slightly from Q3, I think, is what youre referring to. So, its just a function of all our hedges getting lumped in with whats going on, on the prices. Its got nothing to do with the NGL...
Craig Shere: I was talking about the $0.25 versus the $0.24.
Kevin Burdick: On the Elk Creek or the Rockies rate, yes, that is a function of the incentivized ethane. So, that drop in a penny has nothing to do with anything contractually thats going on. Its purely the incentivized ethane.
Craig Shere: Got you. And you all have been talking about for some time, 25 rig connections -- or well connections among 300 a year in the Williston pretty much holding volumes flat, but youve kind of been saying that over a couple of quarters, the volumes have been increasing. And at the same time, GORs, GPMs and overall well productivity keeps improving. If were thinking about over 1.5 year-end run rate, do you think -- what are the prospects that an even more subdued rate of well connects, say, 300 versus the 422 guidance, could keep that higher level of production flat versus what we had seen in the third quarter.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Craig, this is Kevin. I do think thats possible. We continue to be surprised. I think as I said in my remarks, producers continue to get better and better. So, as each well gets more prolific and as the gas to oil ratios continue to increase, that just means youre going to need fewer wells to hold production flat. Now, wed like to see obviously the same capital deployed and grow production. But at the pace were going on right now, thats been a trend over the last several years as each year, it seems like the same number of wells will allow us to stay flat, even though the baseline keeps getting larger. So, that trend could absolutely continue.
Operator: And next question comes from Tristan Richardson with Truist Securities.
Tristan Richardson: Just one from me. Just thinking about 2023 and beyond and your large projects, clearly, theres a lot of cost advantages in resuming these projects. And if you think about the volume ramp on projects once online, can you talk about maybe the return on capital advantages or incremental return on capital for this years budget maybe relative to previous returns on capital or historical returns on capital?
Walt Hulse: Tristan, theres no doubt that we continue to see an upward trend in our return on invested capital, and that really comes back to the operating leverage, that were seeing growth and we dont have to put capital -- meaningful capital into our pipeline assets that we built. Obviously, a pump station here or there as volume grows, but that operating leverage has -- year-over-year continues to fall to the bottom line, and we have enjoyed and expect to continue to enjoy increasing return on invested capital going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. Good morning, folks. And thanks for all the clarity. Just a couple of follow-ups. First of all, it seems like the well completion activity in Rocky Mountain, it was very strong in Q4. I was curious if you can talk about what kind of cadence we should see in volume growth in that region, especially considering that typically, Q1 also sees some weather events? So, should we be thinking of a little bit of a subdued growth in Q1, despite this strong well completions and then a ramp up, or should we be expecting some other trends?
Chuck Kelley: Sunil, this is Chuck. What Id say about our well connect cadence for 2022, in some ways, it resembles 2021. We had, as you said, a lot of momentum, 130-plus well connects coming out of Q4. 2022 is more back-weighted to Q2 and Q3, just as it was in 2021. We did have some momentum, obviously, carry into here into Q1 this year. Q2, typically, its a little dip every year because of frost laws and the weather spring. But -- so the cadence would be more back weighted to Q3 and Q4. Volumes associated with that would probably resemble the well connect activity.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. And then, one follow-up on the cost issue. I realize that Q4 seems like, sequentially, the costs were up about $25 million or so versus Q3. Whats a good way to kind of think about that breakdown in onetime costs versus kind of ongoing costs?
Walt Hulse: Well, like I said, if we just -- I guess, the way to think about it, if we look at kind of the full year 2021, I do think our costs will be up a little bit in 2022 just overall. I mentioned before, youll see a full year of Bear Creek too. The other item I forgot to mention earlier was taxes. Youll see well have an increase in our ad valorem taxes in 22 versus 21, so those type of things. And then just the ongoing volumetric costs that are associated with the volumetric growth, which well see with the growth were seeing across our system.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cusimano with Pickering Energy Partners.
Michael Cusimano: Most of my questions have been answered. But, if you can just talk about the progress that youve made in adding plant connections in the Permian? And then, maybe what you view as your competitive advantage there? And if thats a growth area from here? And then, lastly, just if youve looked at any acquisitions in order to, I guess, inorganically grow your footprint there?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. When we look at the Permian, we still continue to be very competitive because we continue to sign up more people. A lot of our competitive advantages, we have a pipe in place there today. Were connected to a lot of the unintegrated players that want an alternative source. We also have cheap expansions on our system that we can continue to grow. So, we can continue to provide a competitive alternative to other people out the basin, and we see that because our volumes continue to grow. Were seeing -- as we mentioned, were seeing double-digit growth. Were also seeing growth from people weve already contracted. As the volume out there grows on their system, it comes to our system. And we have long-term contracts in place, as we do in every other place. The M&A question...
Pierce Norton: So, Michael, Ill weigh on that. This is Pierce. I mean, yes, we do look at M&A opportunities in all of these basins. We kind of drop them into kind of two categories, a defensive kind of play versus a proactive look at it. As it relates to looking at these, when you look at -- especially in our NGL business, when you look at the length of our contracts in a lot of these places and you look at maybe the prices that you have to pay to get the G&P opportunities that feed the NGL business, then we just dont see that as being maybe a place where we would deploy our capital when you look at it as the benefit to our shareholders. So, yes, we look at them, but so far, we havent found anything that we think is attractive there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Kania with Wolfe Research.
Alex Kania: Maybe two questions. First is, just I was thinking about the headroom on the kind of your pipeline infrastructure out of the Rockies. And could you remind us, maybe you said it, I might have missed it on the call, but you were at 335,000 in Q4. Sort of whats the expectation of that going as youre assuming for 2022? And the second question would be, if you could maybe talk a little bit just about the kind of commodity components of the POPs, kind of what price deck were you assuming when you were talking about kind of the outlook for the G&P business for this year?
Sheridan Swords: Alex, this is Sheridan. As we think about capacity on Elk Creek in the Bakken, as I said, if we think about them together, we currently have a 440,000 barrels a day of capacity. As you said, were running in the in the 330,000 to 350,000 range today. We see that -- were having plenty of capacity for the period of time now. A lot of that we had incentivized ethane on there. We also were pulling that into that. So, we think we have completing capacity on that system going forward for a period of time, and we can take it up another 100,000 barrels a day pretty easily, just adding some additional pumps in a very short period of time. So, we feel very comfortable with our capacity coming out of the Rockies.
Kevin Burdick: And Alex, on the question about the POPs, we provided that earlier. Were -- again, were thinking about it in a low $70 type crude environment. If you go back and look at what NGL prices were doing when crude was kind of in that range, that gets you in the ballpark. And then, gas, kind of that same one. Itd be in the upper 3s, upper $3 type number. The other thing to remember when youre thinking about the POP is we are about 75% hedged when you look at it in the -- for those POP contracts in 2022. So, theres really just not a lot of commodity exposure left when you factor in the impact of the hedges as well.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me back in here. Just a real quick question. Our conversations with regulators in North Dakota leads us to see a lot of emphasis on the potential for carbon capture and state policy as well as really kind of support this development. And North Dakota being only one of two states that has Class 6 primacy that allows CO2 wells to be developed at the pace the state sets there, kind of sets them apart from others. And also, you have the Summit pipeline pointing towards North Dakota in progress there. Just wondering, any updated thoughts that you have -- that ONEOK has case on carbon capture. And could this be something that realistically enters the fold at some point? Do you have any visibility here?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Jeremy, its Kevin. Yes, this is something we are actively involved in conversations with state officials with other private entities, et cetera, for opportunities. Weve had a few conversations with them so far, and weve got conversations scheduled with them in the very near future to have discussions around that. I do think there are some opportunities when you look at -- thats what we do, right? Weve got a lot of -- we know how to process things. We know how to build pipelines, and we know how to store things. And so, I think theres opportunities. Its just finding the right partners up there and getting the right opportunities before we pull the trigger on something, but its definitely something were actively working on.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Ziola, Id like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Thank you, Jennifer. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in April and extends until we release earnings in early May. Well provide you details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us. And the IR team will be available throughout the day. Thank you all.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the ONEOK Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time. I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead sir.
Andrew Ziola : Thank you, Todd, and welcome to ONEOK third quarter 2021 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include one of expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933-1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder, before we turn it over to the conference coordinator for Q&A, we ask you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton : Thanks, Andrew. And good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest and investment in ONEOK. And thank you for taking your time to join us today. With me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Affairs, and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids, and Charles Kelly, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. Yesterday we announced strong third quarter earnings results and increased our 2021 financial guidance expectations. Our Third Quarter results were driven by NGL and Natural Gas volume growth on our system. The result of increasing producer activity and improving market demand. As world economics continue to recover from the pandemic, we're seeing demand continue to recover for natural gas and NGLs. And we're focused on helping to meet that increasing demand for these critical energy products, particularly as we head into the winter months. As we look forward, we continue to coordinate with our customers on future growth expectations and are focused on innovation throughout the Company. In September, we announced a greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, marking another major environmental milestone for our Company. Our goal is to achieve an absolute 30% reduction or 2.2 million metric tons of our combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030, compared with 2019 levels. We will undertake a number of strategic emission reduction measures to meet this target, including the further electrification of certain natural gas compression assets, implementing additional methane mitigation through best management practices, system optimization in collaborating with our utility providers to increase the use of low carbon energy for our operations, just to name a few. As we continue to evaluate low carbon opportunities, we remain focused on those that will complement our operations and capabilities while providing long-term stakeholder value. As we have additional detail on specific projects or future emission reduction activities, we will share that information and our progress toward our 2030 target. I will turn the call over to Walt Hulse to discuss our financial performance.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we once again increased our 2021 financial guidance expectations and narrowed our ranges. We now expect net Income of $1.43 billion to $1.55 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $3.325 billion to $3.425 billion with a midpoint of $3.375 billion. This represents a 10% increase in our net income and EPS guidance midpoints and a 5% increase in our adjusted EBITDA midpoint compared with our previous guidance. Our higher expectations are driven by continued volume strength in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin, increased demand for natural gas storage and transportation, and higher commodity prices. Our 2021 capital expenditures are expected to be closer to the higher-end of our guidance range of $525 million to $675 million as a result of increased producer activity and project timing. We continually work with our customers to evaluate their future capacity needs and supply expectations, and we'll align our projects and capital investment with those needs. Our outlook for growth in 2022 continues to strengthen, driven by increasing producer activity and rising gas to oil ratio in the Williston Basin, along with the recent completion of our Bear Creek plant expansion. Additionally, new ethane demand from new and expanding petrochemical facilities is expected to come online before the end of the year. Kevin will provide more detail on each of these shortly. Now for a brief overview of our third quarter performance. One of third quarter 2021 net income totaled $392 million or $0.88 per share. A 26% increase compared with the third quarter 2020, and a 15% increase compared with the prior quarter. Third-quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $865 million dollars, a 16% increase year-over-year and an 8% increase compared with the second quarter of 2021. Our September 30 net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run-rate basis was 4.0 times, and we have line of sight to be in sub 4 times in the near future. We ended the third quarter with no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility, and nearly $225 million of cash on the Balance Sheet. We continue to proactively manage our Balance Sheet and upcoming debt maturities. Earlier this week, we redeemed the remaining $536 million of senior notes to February 2022. Our next debt maturity is not until October of 2022. In October, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of C/93.5 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis, unchanged from the previous quarter. I will now turn the call over to Kevin for an operational update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, total NGL raw feed throughput volumes increased 5% compared with the second quarter of 2021, and 10% year-over-year, averaging nearly 1.3 million barrels per day. Our highest NGL volume to-date. Third quarter raw feed throughput from the Rocky Mountain region increased 5% with the second -- compared with the second quarter, 2021, and nearly 50% compared with the third quarter, 2020. Volume growth was driven by increased producer activity in the region, ethane recovery and increasing volumes from recently connected third-party plants, including a 250 million cubic feet per day third-party plant that came online in July. Roughly throughput volumes from the Mid-Continent and the Permian Basin also increased. Permian volumes increased 12% compared with the second quarter 2021, driven by higher ethane recovery and producer activity levels. We also connected an additional third-party plant in the Basin during the quarter. The segment was also able to utilize our integrated assets to capture the benefit of location and commodity price differentials during the third quarter, providing additional earnings on top of our primarily fee-based results. Petrochemical demand continues to strengthen as facilities have returned to normal operations following Hurricane Ida and as the pandemic recovery continues. Who new petrochemical plants coming online before the end of the year could provide more than 160,000 barrels per day of additional ethane demand once fully operational. This additional capacity combined with strong ethane exports, should support a wider ethane to natural gas differential in 2022. Ethane volumes on our system in the Rocky Mountain region increased compared with the second quarter 2021, as we incented additional ethane recovery during the third quarter. Recovery continued in October, and is also expected throughout November, given current regional natural gas and ethane prices. In other regions, we continue to forecast partial ethane recovery in the Mid-Continent and near full recovery in the Permian for the remainder of the year. All of these assumptions are included in our increased financial guidance for 2021. Any additional ethane recovered would provide upside to our 2021 expectations. Discretionary ethane on our system is now more than 225 thousand barrels per day. Of that total opportunity, more than a 125 thousand barrels per day are available in the Rocky Mountain region and a 100 thousand barrels per day in the Mid-Continent.  As NGL volumes continued to grow across our systems, so does the discretionary ethane. Moving on to the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. In the Rocky Mountain region, third quarter processed volumes averaged nearly 1.3 billion cubic feet per day. A 2% increase compared with the second quarter of 2021, and a nearly 25% increase year-over-year. Scheduled plant maintenance at 4 of our processing facilities, which have since come back online, decreased third quarter volumes by approximately 30 million cubic feet per day for the quarter. We estimate that approximately 14 to 15 rigs, which can drill approximately 300 wells per year, is enough to maintain 1.4 billion cubic feet per day of production behind our system. Any additional rigs combined with the rising gas-to-oil ratios of wells already connected to our system, would provide additional volume growth. Conversations with our producers in the region continue to point to higher activity levels through the end of the year and into 2022. There are currently 32 rigs and 10 completion crews operating in the basin with 17 rigs and 5 completion crews on our dedicated acreage.  This is more than enough activity to grow gas production on our acreage. In addition to the rigs currently operating in the Basin, there remains a large inventory of drilled but uncompleted wells with more than 520 basin-wide and approximately 300 on our dedicated acreage, compared with about 400 ducks on our dedicated acreage at this time last year. In the third quarter, we connected 72 wells in the Rocky Mountain region. And in October, we connected more than 30 additional wells. Based on the most recent producer completion schedules, we still expect to connect more than 300 wells this year. With our Bear Creek plant expansion and related compressor stations now complete and in-service, we should see a significant number of well completions in the fourth quarter in Dunn County as producers had time their completions with the startup of our expansion to avoid flaring. The new plant will accommodate increasing volumes as it ramps to full capacity over the next 2 to 3 years. With Bear Creek 2s completion, we now have approximately 1.7 billion cubic feet per day of processing capacity in the Basin. We continue to see increased activity in the Mid-Continent region with 2 rigs now operating on our acreage and ten wells connected during the third quarter. Sustained higher natural gas and NGL prices to drive a continued increase in activity next year. During the third quarter, the gathering and processing segments fee rate averaged a $1.02 per MMBtu compared with $0.94 per MMBtu in the third quarter of 2020. Changes in our average fee rates continued to be driven by our volume and contract mix, each quarter. We still expect the fee rate for 2021 to average between $1 and $1.05 per MMBtu. Under the natural gas pipeline segment. This segment is stable, fee-based earnings continue to drive solid results with adjusted EBITDA, increasing 8% compared with the prior quarter. As we entered the winter heating season, we continue to see increased interest from customers for additional long-term transportation and storage capacity on our system following the extreme winter weather event earlier this year. The segment's market connected pipelines and more than 52 billion cubic feet of natural gas storage provide critical services to customers year around but especially during the winter. As always, we're working with our customers to understand their needs and to help meet increasing demand in the coming months. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton : Thank you, Kevin. The strong results for this quarter underscore the quality of our assets and the hard work and dedication of our more than 2,800 employees. I'm very proud of the fact that our employees remain disciplined and focused on the importance of safety, reliability, and the responsible operations of our assets. The first 9 months of this year has set up well for the end of the next year, the Company-wide earnings growth in 2021, and have laid the foundation for continued growth next year. With that Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni : Hi, good morning, everyone. Maybe to start off, I was wondering if we can talk about tailwinds into 2022. You gave some pretty good color about well completions in the presentation there. It sounds like you've got 100 wells left to complete for this year out of 300 with only 2 months to go. You've got Bear Creek now in service. Is it also fair to assume that you've potentially have some PPI inflators on some of your assets like Bear Creek and so forth? And so just wondering how to think about ONEOK as we head into 2022. In the past, you've talked about a $3.5 billion to $4 billion upside potential. Is that the case? Are these tailwinds stronger now? Just wondering if you can give us some color as to how do you think of the tailwinds right now, as we head into 2022.
Kevin Burdick: Sure. This is Kevin. I think there's multiple answers in that question. 1. When we think about tailwinds into '22, I really go more towards the activity levels we're seeing in the Bakken with the rigs, with the DUC Inventory, with the rising GORs. We're seeing really nice activity in volume growth in the Permian. So I kind of point to that core volume growth. In addition to that, you've got, like I said in the remarks, ethane demand coming on the system, which could drive additional ethane recovery as we think about 2022. So that's where I think the tailwinds are. But to your -- you ask a question there about inflators on our contracts. In our NGO segment and our G&P segment, the vast majority of our contracts do have escalators on the fee rates. So we're covered as we think about inflation and other things like that, so those contracts are covered.
Shneur Gershuni : Okay. You're still good with the range from before? Okay. And maybe just given their leverage trajectory curious about what kind of return of capital auctions or potentially considering when you hit your leverage targets mid next year. Could we potentially see a dividend increase or buybacks on the table? Just need color on that as well too, please.
Walter Hulse: Sure, Shneur. This is Walt. We are very pleased to have achieved that. 4.0 here in the third quarter. We want to continue to see that trend lower and so we're not going to stop looking for that debt rejects section and then improving debt to EBITDA ratio. The other thing with free cash flow is it gives us the opportunity to invest in our capital growth as we go forward, utilizing free cash flow and not having to finance. Obviously as we get further and further along into the reduction, our options open up. But at the moment we're focused on debt reduction and using our free cash flow for high return projects.
Shneur Gershuni : Great, perfect. Thank you very much. Appreciate the comment today.
Walter Hulse: Great
Pierce Norton : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho : Morning. If I could start with the incent ethane extraction in the back -?end. The? quarter was, I mean, a little noisy with a number of plants being offline. So it's kind of hard to tell on a sequential basis, but can you just give us an idea of -- I think in your prepared remarks that you said, you continue to incent ethane, what the magnitude of the increase was on a quarter-over-quarter basis. And the Bellevue spread over Ventura Gas didn't seem like it would incentivize ethane extraction. So should we assume it's because of your exposure to ACO? And I know you're not going to tell us what your exposure to ACO is but can you give us an idea of what your limitations and constraints would be so that we can try and figure out, maybe what your max exposure could be?
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. What I would tell you is, when we look at the opportunity to incentivize ethane, we look at what we could sell gas at for at the gas plant, not at been juror. We look at what's going on in the marketplace, what the market is offering us for gas price at the plant, and then we buy it. If we choose to incentivize that, we buy the ethane at that price or slightly better than that price to go in. So you can't really use Ventura or ACO. You have to look and see what is happening at the gas plant at the time. In terms of volume, we -- as we said in remarks, we did incentivize more ethane in the third quarter than we did in the second quarter. At this time, we're not going to give you an idea how much more, but we did incentivize more in the third quarter.
Christine Cho : And would it be safe to assume that you could incentivize even more like on a fiscal basis, going forward?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. Especially as volumes grow in the basin and grow on our -- in our G and P segment, we do have an opportunity to incentivize more ethane. But as I said in previous, we look at what's going on in the marketplace, whether the prices are an all basis, to see how much we think is the right amount of ethane to bring out. So we don't push other basins that we have operations into rejection.
Christine Cho : Okay. And then I guess when we think about the ethane demand that is ready to ramp up, how do you guys think about the risk to the operational crackers not running at full utilization if gas prices and I think prices get too high?
Sheridan Swords: What I would say there is still a very strong spread between ethane and ethylene. And so it looks like the crackers have plenty of room to continue to run. Now with the new crackers run at full rate, we think they will, but they need to run it more. Ethane needs to be crack today than has been because of that wide ethane to ethylene spreads. So we see good volume going forward. And then you couple that with the exports that are coming online, we expect stronger export demand in 2022 than we've seen. in 2021, specially as additional crackers come on in China.
Christine Cho : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet : I think on prior calls, you talked about a low double-digit increase for EBITDA versus what a midpoint of 3.2 billion of EBITDA at that point in time with the guidance. And I'm just wondering if that's a fair way to think about it? Commodity prices look like they're higher than what was quoted in the first call there. But just trying to update, I guess how you guys are thinking about 2022 now versus what you had laid out in the first quarter.
Walter Hulse: Jeremy, this is Walt. I think when we laid it out in the first quarter, our guidance at that point was 3.050. Obviously, with the strength that we've seen build throughout the year, we already achieved what was out there at that point in time. What I would comment on is that quarter-to-quarter, we have seen everything strengthened in our business, whether it'd be producer activity, commodity prices. So all of the trends are headed the right direction. We think that we're going into '22 with very good tailwind, and we will give you our '22 guidance in February.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. That makes sense there. And maybe just pivoting towards DC for a minute and granted it's a pretty uncertain outlook there, we have a very cloudy crystal ball. But just wondering if you could offer any thoughts on what you might be looking for out there and how that could impact one of the higher 45Q, or a minimum tax, or anything else that is on your mind at this point?
Walter Hulse: Well, the rest of the alternative minimum tax and there's still quite a few moving parts right now. If it is enacted, it's unclear at this point how it will interplay with bonus depreciation, which is in place for the next several years and has been in place. It's unclear how it will interplay with the interest limitations that are already in place on the NOL utilization. And also the a billion-dollar threshold maybe increasing making the whole conversation somewhat irrelevant. So we're on top of it. We've got a team that as watching the developments there and we will continue to do that. But at the end of the day, even in its worst case, we wouldn't see it changing our progress on deleveraging or being able to fund our capex going forward.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. Thank you for that. That's a very helpful answer.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good morning. North Dakota state wide clearing increased in recent months as you show on page 8. Can you talk about the reasons for that? And if it's an indicator that it might be tough to get all of the expected gas production growth going forward. Notably ONEOK 's acreage glaring hasn't increased, so maybe it's different for you all look processing capacity, but just wondering about the trends in wider North Dakota versus your.
Kevin Burdick: Jean Ann, this is Kevin, I'll chuck and chime in as well but I think what you saw going on through the summer is you had several outages at facilities. We've talked about some of the facilities we had down and while the majority of the cases producers are then curtailing that volume, sometimes you'll see a little tick up in flaring. And the same with some I know third-party plants that were going through some expansions and other maintenance activities during the summer. I don't think that's a trend. I think it's going to trend back the other way as we get into what I'd consider more normal operational run rates for these facilities. The conversations we're having with all our customers up there and I'm sure third-parties are the same way. The target discussion is 0. It's not the state targets anymore. So we are working with our customers for sure on how we drive that number as close to 0 as we possibly can, as it relates to the timing of our facilities, as it relates to how they're bringing on large pads, etc. I would expect that to turn around as we get these facilities up and going.
Jean Ann Salisbury: That's really helpful. Thank you. And then just wondering if there's been any recent movement on either the [Indiscernible] or the Northern Border Expansion to get some more gas take away on the horizon.
Chuck Kelly : Yes Jean. And this is Chuck. The projects that were discussed prior to the pandemic when we saw the trajectory of the basin requiring additional residue takeaway, we are revisiting those projects as we see increased activity in the Basin, rising GORs. There's quite a few factors that indicate that in the next, call it two to three years, these projects are going to become necessary. So there's a lot of work being done on that behind the scenes right now and we will definitely be part of that solution.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. Thanks. That's all for me.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Blum of Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning everyone. I wanted to just ask a bit about the Mid-Continent. I just want to hear what you're seeing in terms of producers plans there. Do you think there's a possibility that Mid-Con volumes could be flat in 2022, if there's been enough uptick in drilling activity. Thanks.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin I think if you look at the total Basin, yes, it's nice to see the uptick in rigs. I know there's been a couple of producers that have come out pretty strongly and announced increases in production in the Mid-Continent, especially from a gas and NGL perspective. The way we kind of look at it is A, we focus on the total rigs because with our NGL position across that basin where we're connected to about every plant, chances are if a rig shows up in the mid-continent, the NGL s are coming to us. So that's a tailwind. While we may not have a lot of those rigs running on our dedicated acreage in G&P, we do have a couple. We've completed some wells and that's a nice -- again, we continue to talk to our customers and if we see these types of prices sustain, I think you could see some more activity in the mid-continent.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Colton Bean with Tudor Pickering, Holt and Company.
Colton Bean: Good morning, sir. Maybe, then I point the 2 questions there on ethane incentive and then the Mid-Con, I think we saw a slight recovery in the average bundled Mid-Con rate for Q3. Was that really just a result of this spread between OTT and Bellevue widening out a bit? And if so, I guess, our current levels or Q3 levels at least can sufficient to get that historical $0.09 per gallon rate.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. What I'd say, there's two things that drove the rise in the average CNF fee in the Mid-Continent. You mentioned one of them, which as we saw a wider spread between OG2 and Bellevue ethane and factors. And one of the months in the quarter, we didn't incentivize -- didn't have to incentivize any ethane. Now that came out naturally. The other thing, we also saw an uptick in our C3 plus volume, which gets a higher rate than the ethane volume through it. A lot of our plants have split tier rate for ethane and C3 plus. so it -- both of those contributed to the higher rate.
Colton Bean: Great. And then back on the balance sheet, you've highlighted the desire to drop below 4X, looks like effectively there on a run-rate basis. Is there a new leverage target that you guys think about whether it's a ratio or do you think more in terms of an absolute debt target? I'm really just interested in how you're thinking about the balance sheet over the next couple of years.
Walter Hulse: Well, I mean, we've said before that aspirationally we'd like to head towards 3,5 and maybe even a little bit lower, but I think we're going to see opportunities going forward. The EBITDA levels that we're at, a [Indiscernible] there's a whole lot of money to invest. So we think we've got meaningful room there to continue to invest in great projects and still see our deleveraging trend downwards towards that aspirational target of around 3.5 times.
Colton Bean: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Tristan Richardson of Truist Securities.
Tristan Richardson : Hi, good morning, guys. Just a quick one on capital. Clearly, you guys you've shown the Elk Creek Slide before. Obviously there's plenty of capital efficient optionality there on the downstream side. But can you frame for us maybe generally the capex dynamic in 2022 versus 2021? Certainly a very modest capital year with Bear Creek, but with additional third-party plant online in the second half, GOR trends and that pent-up volumes dynamic you mentioned in anticipation of Bear Creek. Can you just frame for us what capital could look like in G&P or more just broadly in 2022?
Kevin Burdick: Tristan, this is Kevin. I'm not going to give you a number because that will flow with or as we provide you guidance on early next year. But the way we think about capital, we're constantly evaluating what our customers needs are and what our capacities are. So rather we're talking about processing, gathering, and/or processing need and the Bakken frac capacity needs in Bellevue. Other pipeline needs maybe on West Texas, we're evaluating all of the information from our customers about what they're plans are as we move into '22 and then factoring that in. So the great position we're in, as you mentioned, Elk Creek, but even should we need additional frac capacity, like an MB-5 to restart that paused project, we've already spent a significant amount of that money.  So both the additional capital we would need to provide that capacity, as well as the time we would need to deliver the capacity, we're in really good shape because we might only need say, 12 months to 18 months to finish out a frac. And pipeline we've already got pipe ordered and bought, so we don't have that exposure. So these projects that could come back or are in really good shape to -- we don't have to spend a lot of money and we can do them relatively quickly.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere : Good morning. So we're talking about 25 a month in well connects in the Bakken. Obviously, it's increasing. I think you said 30 in October and if I did the math right, we may be at 38 or more for November, December. So I had a couple of questions. 1. If these trends continue is the same inevitable that by year-end, next year, we hit over one-half fee a day. And this is all just off your activity, right? On your acreage. But ignores activity with third-party processing plant connections into your NGL system, right? How much more upside could there be there?
Kevin Burdick: Craig, that's -- I mean, you've hit on the tailwinds we've talked about. I mean, if you're north of 30 rigs in the Basin, absolutely, we believe that's enough to grow gas production across the entire Basin. And so that's not only going to benefit us from a G&P perspective, but all the third-party connections that Sheridan has on the NGL side, we're going to benefit from growth there as well. We're in great shape because we've still got, I think like 125,000 barrels a day of capacity on Elk Creek or on our NGL systems coming out of the Basin. So again, we don't have to spend a lot of capital to capture that EBITDA.
Craig Shere : Okay. And it sounds like this is great tailwinds, everything is looking wonderful. I understand we'll wait till February to get next year's guidance, but it seems like updated full-year midpoint EBITDA guidance kind of suggests decent but kind of silver fourth quarter, nothing like more recent outperformance versus expectations. Could you maybe talk about the gives and takes going into the fourth quarter?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think the gives and takes or as you're probably going to predict will say, is we always know there's weather we have to deal with in North Dakota. And so if you get a calm early winter then yeah, I think that could provide some upside. We do have a lot of well connects forecasted in the last couple of months of the year. And that's what producers are telling us. But if you get some weather, could those be delayed? Potentially saw, but I think the key is we have this arbitrary cutoffs at December 31. Well, the well connects are going to get done rather it's in on December 15th or January 15th. So as we think if we back up and look at the trends over the next several months, clearly we've got optimism of where we're going to be. But I think, yes, you've hit on there. I think there's some upside as well with both volumes, if these wells come online like we think, and as well as the ethane recovery option that would be a positive upside for us in the fourth quarter.
Craig Shere : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Alex Kania with Wolfe Research.
Alex Kania: Hey, good morning. 2 questions, first is just thinking about the ethane recovery opportunity and going into next year and maybe putting into context with your view of a widening spread between ethane and natural gas next year just with increased demand. So it'd be fair to think that there is a double opportunity there between both volumes and maybe an ability to reduce the incentive pricing that you have on ethane?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. You're exactly right. We think there's an opportunity both. And obviously, if we had the wider the ethane to natural grass spread gets, the more we can capture of that spreads. And so the incentive is less. And also as volume continues to increase in the Bakken and potentially in the mid-continent, we also have the opportunity to bring even more ethane out. So you're exactly -- you're thinking about it right. There's a double benefit going into 2022.
Alex Kania: Great, thanks. And then just maybe a follow-up on thinking about I guess, the maintenance gas level at the very least on 300 wells a year, and the 14 or 15 rigs. Does that also imply or assume any continued work-down of the DUC Inventory or is that 14 to 15 rigs enough to keep volumes where they are? And then whatever else agreeing with the GOR but not have to really dive into the inventory of the DUC's anymore.
Kevin Burdick: I think you'll see the DUC Inventory continue to work down a little bit. Those will occur, I guess call it simultaneously. You'll look at the completion crews and at 10 completion crews I think you will -- and the number of rigs running, I think you'll work the inventory down. It'll be a little slower. But the more rigs you have, the more working -- you'll get down to a working inventory level at some point where the producer likes to keep a certain level so that they don't ever want a completion crew to be waiting on a well to complete. So I think you'll see it stabilize, but I do think you're going to have a period of time here for the next several months, where you're going to have both the DUC Inventory getting worked down, as well as these new rigs churning out new wells.
Alex Kania: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next our last question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Mine's a little bit more long-term in nature. When you get close to a point where you're going to think about capital allocation again and given just what the industry has been through over the last couple of years, if not longer, how do you think about from an equity standpoint what you and the board would view as an appropriate -- how to return capital back to equity holders. Meaning, do you think it's embedded primarily in the dividend growth or are you thinking it's embedded more so in buybacks in very limited dividend growth? Do special dividends play a role? I'm trying to just think about how you're thinking and how the board's thinking about capital allocation as you see improving fundamentals ahead.
Pierce Norton : [Indiscernible] This is Pierce. I think what our first priority would be to grow our earnings per share and return that value that way in the equity price. Walt said this before, is as we go down through the 4 and get to the 3,5 and maybe lower it does open up our opportunities. But we also are looking at what are those growth opportunities to reinvest in the business, to continue to grow our earnings per share. And then it opens up the board to look at some of those other opportunities. Walt, you got anything to add to that?
Walter Hulse: No, I think that's exactly right. We -- as we see these earnings grow, the Board will continue to evaluate all those opportunities and [Indiscernible] getting back to it. We have more attractive returns and high multiple projects then we are going to want to focus our capital. And if that isn't the big case, then obviously looking at other forms of capital return to shareholders is something we'll have to evaluate.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys. I'll follow-up offline, much appreciated.
Pierce Norton : Welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our questions for today. I will turn it back to Andrew Ziola for closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola : Our quiet period for the fourth quarter and year-end starts when we close our books in January of 2022 and extends until we release earnings in late February. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you all for joining us and the IR team will be available throughout the day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 ONEOK Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Thank you, Casey, and welcome to ONEOKs second quarter 2021 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, well be available to take your questions. Statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Just a reminder, before we turn it over to the conference coordinator for Q&A, we ask you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up in order to fit in as many of you as we can. With that, Ill turn the call over to Pierce Norton, President and Chief Executive Officer. Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in our company. For 32 of my almost 40 year career, I had the good fortune to work with the assets in the people through various companies that are now a part of ONEOK. Im excited and honored to be back. This company has a strong experienced management team and a talented workforce, and we are all looking forward to the future. On todays call well be discussing ONEOKs strong performance in the second quarter. And Ill provide a few of my initial thoughts as to how the management team and I will continue to build on the accomplishments of those that preceded me in this role. Im also looking forward to reacquainting or meeting many of you in the near future. Joining me on todays call is, Walt Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Strategy and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelly, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. Id like to first start off this call by recognizing and congratulating Terry on his retirement and thanking him for his availability to advise me in my new role. ONEOK has seen tremendous growth and success under Terrys leadership the last seven years as hes navigated the company through several growth cycles and industry challenges, including delivering strong results during a pandemic. Terry championed many companies successes. The transition to higher fee based business model with less commodity price exposure, significant improvements in company-wide safety and environmental performance. The successful ONEOK partners merger transaction and the completion of more than $10 billion in capital growth projects, to name just a few of his many accomplishments. The company has grown in many ways since I was here last, and Im looking forward to building on what Terry the Board, the leadership team and ONEOKs 3000 employees have achieved. Its been extraordinary. During this first month on the job, Ive been re-familiarizing myself with our business, holding strategy and planning meetings with the team, and most importantly, listening. Ive met with my leadership team and many employees to hear more about their focus areas. These introductions and conversations are very important and well continue. What you can expect from me as a CEO is that we will be disciplined and intentional in all that we do and continue to encourage a culture that promotes safety, reliability, employee engagement, value creation, and environmental responsibility. These principles have served ONEOK well for decades and will continue to be a key element of our daily operations and business decisions going forward. The energy systems today were designed to operate on the consumers requirements for affordability, reliability, and resiliency. We will continue to focus on meeting our customers needs while also transforming these energy systems to drive the overall lowering of greenhouse gas emissions. Yesterday we reported a strong second quarter financial result, supported by increasing volumes across our systems. The energy and economic backdrop continues to improve, with producer activity accelerating in demand for NGLs and natural gas strengthening. Kevin will talk more in detail about how were addressing those needs, but first, Ill turn the call over to Walt to discuss our financial performance.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. With yesterdays earnings announcement, we updated our 2021 financial guidance expectations. Our view of 2021 continues to improve as we now expect 2021 adjusted EBITDA to be above the midpoint of our guidance range of $3.05 billion to $3.35 billion that we provided back in April. Our outlook for growth in 2022 has continued to strengthen. Higher commodity prices, accelerating producer activity, and the rising gas-to-oil ratio in the Williston Basin, provide a tailwind into next year. With available capacity across our operations and the completion of our Bear Creek plant expansion later this year, significant earnings power remains across our assets without the need for significant capital investment. The strengthening momentum going into 2022 makes us confident that we will achieve or exceed the 2022 outlook we have discussed on previous calls. Now for a brief overview of our second quarter financial performance. ONEOKs second quarter 2021 net income totaled $342 million or $0.77 per share. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $802 million, a 50% increase year-over-year, and a 3% increase compared with the first quarter 2021 after backing out the benefit from Winter Storm Uri. We ended the second quarter with a higher inventory of unfractionated NGLs, due to planned and unplanned outages at some of our fractionation facilities. We expect to recognize $12.5 million of earnings in the second half of 2021 as our current inventory is fractionated, and so the majority of which will be recognized in the third quarter. Distributable cash flow was $570 million in the second quarter, and dividend coverage was nearly 1.4 times. We generated more than $150 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid during the quarter. Our June 30 net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.3 times, and we continue to work towards our goal of sub four times. We ended the second quarter with no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility, and nearly $375 million in cash. In July, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis, unchanged from the previous quarter. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity, and increasing EBITDA from volume growth in our system providing solid financial backdrop and flexibility as we enter the second half of the year. Ill now turn the call over to Kevin for an operational update.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Our second quarter NGL raw feed throughput and natural gas processing volumes increased compared with the first quarter 2021 driven by increasing producer activity, ethane recovery and gas-to-oil ratios that continue to rise in the Williston Basin. We expect these tailwinds to carry into the second half of the year and into 2022. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, total NGO raw feed throughput volumes increased 17% compared with the first quarter 2021. Second quarter raw feed throughput from the Rocky Mountain region increased 18% compared with the first quarter 2021 and more than 85% compared with the second quarter 2020, which included significant production curtailments resulting from the pandemic. As a reference point volumes reached approximately 330,000 barrels per day in this region early this month. At this volume level, we still have more than 100,000 barrels per day of NGL pipeline capacity from the region, allowing us to capture increasing volumes on our system, including volume from a new 250 million cubic feet per day third party plant that came online in early July, and expansion of another third party plant that is underway and our Bear Creek plant expansion, which is expected to be complete in the first half of the fourth quarter this year. Total Mid-Continent region raw feed throughput volumes increased 16% compared with the first quarter 2021 and 10% compared with the second quarter 2020. The Arbuckle II expansion was completed in the second quarter, increasing its capacity up to 500,000 barrels per day, adding additional transportation capacity between the Mid-Continent region and the Gulf Coast. In the Permian Basin, NGL volumes increased 16% compared with the first quarter 2021, primarily as a result of increased ethane recovery and producer activity. Petrochemical demand continues to strengthen and is seen support from a continuing global pandemic recovery. This led to increased ethane recovery across our system in the second quarter. Ethane volumes on our system in the Rocky Mountain region increased compared with the first quarter 2021 as we continue to incent some ethane recovery on a short term basis. Continued ethane recovery in the Rockies in the second half of 2021 will depend on regional natural gas and ethane pricing. We have not included ethane recovery from the Rockies for the remainder of the year in our updated financial guidance. Ethane volumes on our Mid-Continent system increased compared with the first quarter 2021 due to both favorable recovery economics and some incentivized recovery. We continue to forecast partial ethane recovery in our guidance for the second half of the year in this region. Ethane volumes in the Permian Basin increased in the second quarter compared with the first quarter 2021. We continue to expect the basin to be in near full recovery in the second half of the year. Discretionary ethane on our system or said differently, the amount of ethane that we estimate could be operationally recovered at any given time, but is not economic to recover at current prices without incentives is approximately 225,000 barrels per day. Of that total opportunity, 125,000 barrels per day are available in the Rocky Mountain region and 100,000 barrels per day in the Mid-Continent. Full recovery in the Rockies region would provide an opportunity for $500 million in annual adjusted EBITDA at full rates. Moving on to the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment; in the Rocky Mountain region second quarter processed volumes averaged more than 1.25 billion cubic feet per day, an increase of 6% compared with the first quarter 2021 and more than 50% year-over-year. An outage at one of our plants, which has since come back online decreased second quarter volumes by approximately 15 million cubic feet per day. Toward the end of June volumes reached 1.3 billion cubic feet per day and we have line of sight to even higher processed volumes later in the year given the recent increase in completion crews and rigs in the basin. Conversations with our producers in the region continue to point to higher activity levels in the second half of 2021 and 2022 particularly in Dunn County, where construction on our Bear Creek processing plant is on track for completion in the first half of the fourth quarter of this year. Once in service, we will have approximately 1.7 billion cubic feet per day of processing capacity in the basin, and well be able to grow our volumes with minimal capital. In the second quarter, we connected 84 wells in the Rocky Mountain region and still expect to connect more than 300 this year. Based on the most recent producer completion schedules, we expect a significant increase in well connects in the second half of the year, with some producers aligning the timing of well completions closer to the completion of Bear Creek. There are currently 23 rigs operating in the basin with nine on our dedicated acreage and there continues to be a large inventory drilled, but uncompleted wells with more than 650 basin wide and approximately 325 on our dedicated acreage. We expect the current DUC inventory to get worked down before we see producers bring back more rigs to the basin to replenish inventory levels. As we said last quarter, the eight completion crews currently operating in the basin is enough to reach our well connect guidance for the year. Any additional completion crews would present upside to our guidance. Rising gas-to-oil ratios and natural gas flaring in the basin continue to present opportunities for volume growth without the need for additional producer activity. Since 2016, GORs have increased more than 75%. Recent projections from the North Dakota Pipeline Authority show that even in a flat crude oil production environment, GORs could increase an additional 45% in the next seven years. This could add 1.3 billion cubic feet per day of gas production and approximately 150,000 barrels per day of C3+ NGL volume to the basin during that same time period. Again, this growth in natural gas is only based on increasing GORs and assumes flat crude oil production. Any growth in crude oil would be upside to those projections. Weve added a new slide in our earnings materials to show these latest North Dakota projections, which include various production scenarios. During the second quarter, the gathering and processing segment average fee rates increased to $1.06 per MMBtu driven by higher Rocky Mountain region volumes. We now expect the fee rate for 2021 to average between $1 and $1.05 per MMBtu. Mid-Continent region average process volumes increased 4% compared with the first quarter 2021 as volumes returned following freeze-offs in the first quarter. While the region has received some attention as commodity prices strengthen, producer activity has been more moderate than other areas. In the natural gas pipeline segment, the segment reported a solid quarter of stable fee based earnings. The decrease in earnings year-over-year was driven by a onetime contract settlement that provided a $13.5 million benefit to earnings in the second quarter of 2020. We continue to see increased interest from our customers for additional long-term transportation and storage capacity on our system, following the extreme winter weather events earlier this year. Since the first quarter, we have renewed or recontracted additional long-term storage capacity in both Texas and Oklahoma, including a successful open season for more than 1 billion cubic feet of incremental firm storage capacity at our West Texas storage assets. Well continue to work with customers to contract additional long-term capacity as we head into the winter heating season. Pierce, that concludes my remarks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin. The results achieved so far this year, only 12 months removed from the unprecedented conditions in the second quarter of 2020 are nothing short of amazing. Resiliency of our assets and our employees and the caliber of our customers, were able to work with and provide a long-term runway of many opportunities. But key to our success will continue to be operating safely, sustainably and responsibly with the health and safety of our communities and employees at the forefront of all that we do. To learn more about our commitment to responsible operations, I encourage you to review our most recent corporate sustainability report, which was just published to our website last week. The report details our most recent environmental, social and governance related to performance and programs and highlights key initiatives under way across the company. Its ONEOK employees, who carry out these initiatives every day, and who prioritize the safety and well being of their fellow employees, customers and the public. Thank you for your continued hard work and your dedication to safety to this company. Again, Im excited to be back at ONEOK, and Im looking forward to the opportunities and the challenges ahead. Operator were now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning everyone. Pierce, nice to hear your voice on a different conference call and Id like to send a congratulations to Terry on a very successful career and congrats on starting a new chapter. Maybe to position and so Pierce to put you on the hot spot, hot seat right off the back here. But I was wondering if we can talk about your thoughts around buybacks in CapEx for 2022. I imagine theres not much on the CapEx front, just sort of given where you are at this point right now. Maybe a completion of the frozen frac is two inches with the higher ethane recovery that in Kevins comments about C3+, with respect to GORs, but outside of that doesnt appear to be much on the CapEx side, when its different take the soft outlooks that have been presented in the past $3.5 billion to $4 billion has kind of been thrown around into potential 2022 run rate. It sort of suggests its the leverage for what I was going to be some four times leverage ratio target. This is set up for buybacks in 2022? If so, how should we think about execution around buybacks? Or if I got the thought process online on CapEx? Just curious on your thoughts.
Pierce Norton: So, Shneur, first of all, thank you for the welcome back. And we will certainly pass on your comments to Terry. And I think we all echo those as well. And well make some kind of a broad comment, and then Im going to let Walt kind of answer kind of more specifically. But were in the process of looking at our strategic plan and our earnings projection, not only for 2022, but also for the next five years. As a part of that, well be assessing what I would consider, our capital allocation opportunities. So, I dont have a specific answer to, exactly for the buybacks for next year. But I would say thats all a part of our capital allocation plan and the strategy that were actually currently talking about now. So, Id like Walt to kind of weigh in on any more particulars that any insights that he might have.
Walt Hulse: Sure. Thanks Pierce. Well, Shneur basically, I would agree with your assessment of the tailwinds that are behind our business today. And were excited about the opportunities that are forward and the cash flows that will generate from that well continue to enhance our de-leveraging strategy thats been in place for quite some time. And were starting to see some of our end goals in the near term coming forward. And as we get closer to our goals of sub four times leverage, then obviously, we will expand the horizon of things that well look at from a capital allocation. And I think we spent time with Pierce, well look at all of our options. As we go forward. Youre right that there isnt any major CapEx project on the horizon here are we really doubled the capacity of our long-haul pipes and the NGL business over the last several years. And that gives us a lot of running room going forward, you highlighted that we have a couple of projects that we pause back with a pandemic. And over the course of, next year or two is, as producer activity picks up, I would assume that well likely clean some of those up and finish them up to meet our customers needs. But its really going to be routine growth than some smaller growth projects that are very attractive going forward. So, well have plenty of free cash flow to continue to de-leverage and then look at all of those capital allocation opportunities over the next couple of years.
Shneur Gershuni: Really appreciate the detail color there. And maybe as a follow up question here, just given the fact that that Terrys been at the company for so long, and so effective [ph] strategy and so forth Pierce youre coming in now, how are things going to change? How are they going to stay the same with respect to strategy? Would there any specific marching orders that were given to you from the board upon your arrival? Just kind of curious if you can sort of talk to that kind of holistically?
Pierce Norton: Sure, Ill be glad to answer that. I think its not so much about, whats going to change immediately in the company. I think its more about whats changing in the energy industry, I think we can probably all agree that the energy systems across the United States, its going to be very important that we continue to transition into a lower carbon energy system across United States. So really, its about how we at ONEOK and the assets, and the people in the skill sets that we have, are actually going to transform with that energy system. I view that as a three step process, first of all, you got to understand, what the transformation of the energy systems look like then you prepare for that, for what youve learned and what you understand. And then you innovate. And I think thats the three focus areas that I would say that we have going forward is understanding, where we are preparing and innovating for the future, while at the same time continuing to grow the base business that we have in the use of natural gas and natural gas liquids, because I think the global poll, most countries are not where we are in the United States as far as the maturity of our systems and the transparency that we have in the energy systems here in the United States. So think thats going to continue to pull for natural gas demand as well as natural gas liquids growth, while at the same time were going to be able to use the skill sets and the talents that we have in our company to transform. I do think transformation is a better word than transition. Transition, to me indicates that youre going to leave one thing and go to another transformation. In my opinion, it means that youre going to use something that you have, and maybe use it a little bit slightly different, in the future to meet some of the problems that we have, I do think its important for the United States to lead in the effort of lower carbon, because I think the other parts of the world can learn from what we do, although theres only 6.6 gigatons of CO2 emissions in the United States versus 51 gigatons over the globe. So were a small percentage, but I think its important for the U.S. to lead in these efforts. And, and I do feel like that, ONEOK is positioned. Over a long period of time, a lot of these things, as you look at CNG and hydrogen and LNG for long-haul and carbon sequestration and capturing methane, those are all going to be opportunities that we experienced over the next several decades.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Really appreciate the color and congratulations on the new role.
Pierce Norton: Well, thank thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Thank you, Pierce. Welcome back to this side of ONEOK. I thought I would maybe start with an ethane question. This quarter, you guys took out more ethane in the back end. And you talk about 25,000 barrels a day of ethane extraction being an incremental $100 million. But thats predicated on you collecting the full $0.28 TNF. You havent been collecting that when youre doing it more opportunistically and when you do provide more ethane to the market this way, it sort of puts a lid on what prices can be so curious, how do you balance this and make sure you dont provide too much supply that it negatively impacts a frac spread economics and other basins that youre in? And what really has to happen in order for producers to sign up for long-term contracts for ethane TNF out of the back end? Is it really only a firm Btu resolution on northern border?
Pierce Norton: Christine, thanks for the Welcome back. And I think Kevin and Sheridan can probably add more pillar to your question.
Sheridan Swords: Sure. Christine this is Sheridan. I think in your first question on how do we determine how much ethane to bring out of the Bakken and whats the right amount before putting a lid on ethane prices, really, when we try to understand is, where the next incremental ethane will come out and is that coming off our system or somebody elses system. And so if we dont bring it out of our system that somebody else can bring ethane out of their side of the system when we will lose the whole uplift that well have from buying it at gas and selling it at ethane value. So its an ongoing process that we look at every month and we try to make that determination thats why we dont bring all the ethane now at the Bakken that we could. We could incentivize more. But we just bring what we feel is the right amount of ethane to come out. And really on your question of what would it take for producers sign up for ethane they have already signed up for ethane. They have the option today whether or not to bring ethane on the system or not to bring ethane on the system, we have the capacity for them. And they signed up for a certain amount of capacity. What it really comes down to now is what is going to drive the price high enough that we get a full TNF rate or the full $0.28 to bring that the ethane would come out. And whats going to need to happen for that as youre going to need to continue to have a strong ethane to ethylene spread like we have today very, very widespread. So that ethane can continue to rise, prices continue to rise. And the petchems can continue to make money off of that. The second thing is you need to have more demand. And then we need to see more exports coming out there is more export capacity out there and we need to see more crackers and in the second quarter of next year, the ExxonMobil, SABIC crackers going to come online as well. So thats going to bring on more demand. And I think the third thing you need to look at is you need to look at regional gas prices between the Bakken and other areas. So, if we would see the Bakken gas prices dip down like we typically see in the summer, I think all those things together if they work that you have the possibility of an opportunity to see ethane come out that Bakken at full prices.
Christine Cho: Got it. That was really helpful. And then I guess just moving over to I guess guidance. On a prior quarter call you guys kind of gave us off 2022 guidance of about $3.4 billion. Are you guys still feeling good about this? And what sort of ethane extraction assumptions or are you including in that?
Pierce Norton: So Christine, Ill start by saying, we havent issued our 2022 guidance yet. Were in the process of looking at that. But I will let Walt or Kevin chime in on that past comment.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Christine. I mean, I think, when we were still that number still out there that we talked about it as far as where wed be in 2022. And since the last quarter, nothing, weve everything strengthened since that time. I mean, prices have strengthened, the comments and the feedback we get from our producers have strengthened so thats the way I would frame 2022 up is, it is definitely more constructive today than it was three months ago.
Christine Cho: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tristan Richardson with Truist Securities.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, good morning, guys. Really appreciate the comments and kind of what youre seeing in the second half. And particularly the comment on July, I think you noted, maybe at one point in time the system touched 330 a day is that including some recovery or at least incentivized recovery. So, are you seeing some recovery in the Rockies starting in the second half?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Tristan, this is Kevin. Yes, that would include some incentivized recovery, which we talked about in the remarks.
Tristan Richardson: Okay. I appreciate Kevin. And then lastly, Walt I think you in the past have talked about the earnings engine at ONEOK and the potential for this business to produce EBITDA, the four handle? I mean, without asking you about a timeframe or anything, can you talk about some of the conditions necessary to hit that type of potential? And are you seeing some of that, as you look out over the near and medium term?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think that the way wed frame that up in the past was that we have the assets in place, especially in the Bakken to achieve those types of earnings levels without any meaningful need for CapEx. As you continue to see gas volumes there, maybe at some point in the future, a need for another plant up there, but thats not in the near term, weve got plenty of capacity and McKenzie County and now were going to have capacity down in Dunn County. So, weve got room to run, and weve got room to run on the NGL side. As we get closer to those numbers that would start with a four, were probably going to have to have some downstream additions that, like MB-5, and things like that, that would need to be completed. But none of those are major dollars in the scheme of the earnings power of the company. So, were pretty excited about, kind of the operating leverage that we have in the company, and the ability to continue to grow significantly with modest capital needs.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it. Thank you guys very much.
Pierce Norton: Welcome. 
Kevin Burdick: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Pierce Norton: Good morning Jeremy.
Kevin Burdick: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I also want to send Terry our best going forward into retirement their best of luck. Maybe picking up on energy transformation, as you laid out there, RNG Biofuels, Hydrogen CCUS. Just wondering if theres any specific initiatives that ONEOK is working on right now seems like theres some things done the RNG side, but just wondering specifically right now, if theres anything, near medium term opportunities that ONEOK is focused on.
Pierce Norton: Thank you. I picked up on probably the one that is probably the most likely the quickest. And that is the renewable gas opportunities primarily coming from; these are kind of listed in order of agriculture, wastewater and landfills. Im going to kick it over to Chuck there just a second, because he can give you some updates on what were doing, as it relates to some of the RNG efforts, but the CNG and LNG for the long-haul, I think is another thing that could be a possibility. Hydrogen is probably out into the future because primarily in right now, you cant take a certain amount of hydrogen based on the tariffs on the interstate and intrastate assets across the United States. But I do think thats a developing opportunity left to be seen, economically, how that stuff plays off. And then you got carbon sequestration, because 24% of all the carbon emitted of the 6.6 gigatons actually comes from electric generation from coal, oil and natural gas, primarily, coal and natural gas. So, I think thats going to be important to solve that equation. And of course, transportation has about 28% of that 6.6 gigatons. So, if you converted all the cars today to EVs, then you just switch the problem from transportation over to electric generation and then so you didnt really solve the problem. So Chuck, Im going to let you kind of talk a little bit about our RNG opportunities and what weve already done and are doing.
Chuck Kelly: Sure, Pierce. So, its a little color, Jeremy on our interstate pipes, particularly if you think about where theyre located Upper Midwest, weve got, as you know, quite a few dairy farms up in that area. So, you have agricultural waste, weve connected three RNG facilities that are originated from dairy farms already up there, looking at another one. And then here on our intrastate business, particularly in Oklahoma, weve already connected a large landfill waste site recycling facility, looking at another and then of course, theres some large feedlots in our Texas intrastate markets. So, weve been involved in connecting RNG and bringing that gas into our stream, delivering it to customers downstream. So this has been ongoing over the past three years, and were seeing that accelerate, so excited by the RNG aspects that we see out there.
Pierce Norton: So and I just kind of summarize that by saying that, as part of our strategic plan, we look to develop, business plans around all these different aspects of these opportunities. But I think, more importantly, as far as it what these opportunities do? Is they make the existing natural gas pipelines in the United States, relevant. Instead of just moving methane that you traditionally get from the wellheads, youre actually capturing methane that is emitted to the air, which is 25 times more potent than the CO2, so you get to see, uplift in the CO2 equivalents. And so you get the extra benefit of removing that. And youre using existing assets to help other industries reduce their environmental footprint. So the relevancy of it is the important part as opposed to some great business opportunity, to boost your EBITDA. Its really designed around the relevancy of making essentially 2.6 million miles of pipelines in the United States are very important to the energy transformation future.
Jeremy Tonet: Thats very helpful. Thanks and just want to follow up a little bit as it relates to CCUS because it seems like North Dakota is kind of separate themselves, from what all the states given the multiple initiatives there for CCUS with power generation, for actually having primacy on the classics wells, and really kind of solving that problem, streamlining it, and then kind of really proving up quite a sizable sequesteration resource within the state. And just given your positioning in North Dakota was wondering if you see an opportunity for ONEOK to play a role in all these development teams, like, since it seems like things are moving more real time in North Dakota, than other parts of the country.
Kevin Burdick: Definitely. Interesting. This is Kevin, we absolutely see that as an opportunity. And our  and it started and its been in with our presence up there. Weve got strong relationships with state university systems, et cetera and are involved in projects and analysis to understand the Class 6 permits, that that much of the storage has up there, the ability that that puts you further ahead for those opportunities. So, we are definitely involved in those conversations and have a long history and track record of partnering with the state and would expect that to continue as it relates to CCUS.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Great this Jeremy, thank you so much for taking the questions.
Pierce Norton: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Thanks. I just want to add welcome back, Pierce as well.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Blum: I wanted to go back to the Bakken for a minute. And you kind of touched on some of this, but just ask them more directly. How much ethane are you voluntarily recovering in the Bakken today? And it looks to us at least like the Btu limits are either closed or have been returned northern border. So, do you envision at some point here in voluntarily recovering ethane out of the Bakken.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, this is Kevin, were not going to, we said last quarter, were not going to get into and talk about the actual volume of ethane were recovering. Other than to say we have incented some methane to come out. Thats been economic driven, with that ethane recovery, thats actually pulling down the Btu level on Northern border. So its maybe pushing that out a little bit. But if you just go back to the gross kind of production growth, that rather its GORs or activity levels that are both increasing. At some point, we continue to believe its just math that blended Btu rate is going to go up and become a problem. Northern border or TransCanada continues to have discussions with the various partners and counterparties up there, both on the supply side and the demand side, to understand what a Btu spec might look like. And we expect those conversations with the counterparties and FERC to continue and hopefully well have something, resolution here in the next several months.
Michael Blum: Got it. Thanks for that. The other question I wanted to ask was about the Mid-Continent NGL volumes, it looks like they were up sequentially. Just want to make sure I understand is that being driven by just the Arbuckle II expansion because the G&P segment there in the Mid-Con. You cited production decline. So, I just wonder [ph] understanding the dynamics there. Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. Obviously the Arbuckle II expansion helps us move those volumes. Were really what were seeing is we did incentivize the methane in the Mid-Continent more in the second quarter than we did in the first quarter, but were also seeing some increased producer activity. So, weve seen our C3+ volumes increase as well, and were probably back to a level that on the C3+ volumes that is equivalent to pretty close to where we were in the fourth quarter of 2019. So, weve seen some pretty good recovery from the pandemic, recovery from the ice storm and some growth. Were seeing a little bit of activity there. Now, were predicting that the Mid-Continent will stay relatively flat this year going forward, that we have seen a little uptick in volume.
Michael Blum: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Well take our next question from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: Hi, Guys, and welcome back, Pierce.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Becca.
Becca Followill: Thank you. First question is on the fee rate on GMP, its up to $1.06 keeps ticking higher. It looks like the mix continues to be where and I realize its mixed dependent. But it looks like the mix continues to be where the Bakkens going to grow faster than the Mid-Continent. So should we expect that to continue to take higher or is $1.06 kind of a cap here?
Chuck Kelly: Becca, this is Chuck. I think in Kevins remarks, we talked about $1 to $1.05 range, we still believe that somewhere in that $1.05 ranges is a probably a good number for the balance of the year. The $1.06 was a little stronger than we thought it would be frankly, and it was driven really by the contract mix on the Bakken.
Becca Followill: Okay. Thank you. And then the second ones on LPG export facilities. Youve talked, I think pre-COVID it was you talked about it. But weve got NGL that hit record levels in May in the U.S. Any current thoughts on an NGL export facility for you guys?
Kevin Burdick: Becca its Kevin. We continue to look at it, it remains a priority for us it is continued there. Clearly the pandemic and the pullback in production, slowed down, some of those discussions, but like you mentioned with exports continuing to be very strong through this and production picking back up. So have the conversation. And so we will continue to look at that. And once as we said before, rather were talking LPG or ethane. If we get the right counterparties, the right project and then well announce something, but still looking at it. And its still a priority for us.
Becca Followill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be taken from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Good morning team. First one well, sorry, if I missed that [Technical Difficulty].
Pierce Norton: Spiro you breaking up a little, if you could say whatever youre saying over again, please.
Spiro Dounis: [Technical Difficulty] CapEx range curious thats trending in a direction either. But imagine a lot of the higher activity levels are pushing that higher, but maybe not the case.
Pierce Norton: Okay, I think I got it that youre looking at CapEx in 2021. We continue to stay within our range. Obviously, as producer activity picks up, were going to spend a little bit more on well connect. So that might move us towards the higher end of the range. But were very comfortable with the 2021 range that we have out there at this point.
Spiro Dounis: Just M&A will be helpful here. I know in the past, youve expressed interest on some of the gas assets that were being marketed by some of the utilities out there. Weve seen some of those change hands at this point. So, curious if theres still assets out there that could enter [Technical Difficulty]
Pierce Norton: So screw up, just make a broad comment about M&A, its been about 30 years in the midstream business, and theres always been some level of M&A activity. It did slow down during the years where most of the assets were into the MLPs. But I guess, what I would say about that is, Ive only been back for 30 days. And Id point you back to the comments that that I made on the  in the original opening that whatever we do its going to be intentional. Its going to be disciplined. So, whether or not we do or dont participate in the M&A market thats going to be our guiding principles.
Spiro Dounis: Understood. So Pierce, congrats and good luck to Terry.
Pierce Norton: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury : Is there still any ethane being rejected and the Mid-Con? Or is this number for the volume kind of all potential ethane from the Mid-Con, but as you know that 100,000 of it is sort of discretionarily being recovered?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. There still is some ethane being rejected in the Mid-Continent. But heres we get into August, that number is quite low. We think were at are getting close to full ethane recovery in the Mid-Continent right now. But for the second quarter, we did still have quite a bit of ethane off in the Mid-Continent. And so we did incentivize some in the Mid-Continent. In the second quarter in August, we have very little that we are incentivizing out.
Jean Ann Salisbury : Thats really helpful. Thank you. And then that new Slide 9 with the gas production at flat Bakken create, is really interesting. This would suggest an ad of like a Bcfd, from here over the next five years, even if oil production is just flat. But theres obviously not anywhere near a Bcfd of gas takeaway left out of the Bakken. How do you see this has been resolved? And would you participate in this solution for that, if thats what it took?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Jean Ann this is Kevin. Yes, thats something well absolutely keep an eye on. I mean, the good thing there is, weve got time. You still got some capacity on northern border that can be you can displace Canadian gas. Going back pre-pandemic, we had talked about looking at other avenues out whether that was expansions on northern border, or moving gas to the west and taking advantage of existing assets that are in the ground, to go to the west and south. So, my guess is those things would come back up, well have those conversations as we see volumes materialize. But the good thing is, we do have some time. And weve got some available capacity to get us to that point.
Jean Ann Salisbury : Great. Thats all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Morning team. Pierce, welcome back, and congrats to Terry on retirement in job well done. Historically, there was some interest in getting into the crude gathering and transportation. Are you just so gangbusters on the wet gas and NGLs that this is kind of off the table at the moment? Or how does this look going forward?
Pierce Norton: So Craig, I think our core business is pretty well defined with natural gas and natural gas liquids. And thats the direction I would see in the future.
Craig Shere: Very good. And just what kind of running room do we have for increased Mid-Con firm capacity demand to avoid further winter market dislocations, in terms of maybe ongoing steady state EBITDA with that could reduce volatility in the Mid-Con.
Pierce Norton: Let me kind of rewind this back to Winter Storm Uri, because I saw that up close and personal. And the Mid-Continent area, which is defined as Southwest Kansas and the Texas Panhandle and Oklahoma, is a net exporter of natural gas, even during the month of February during the middle of winter to the tune of about three Bcf a day. That turned back between the demand that we saw in the Mid-Continent and the lack of production for various reasons to basically only 5% exports. So, the real issue is to talk about resiliency of the supply chain and how we can potentially get gas in those kind of situations back from maybe the South East, up into the Mid-Continent if it ever happens again. So those are things that that we would be looking at, but it really is looking at not necessarily the capacity thats there today or the contracting of that capacity. We are addressing a little bit of that which is some uptick in storage and some additional volumes there. But thats not going to get you through a second Winter Storm Uri. So its going to have to be a holistic approach between the exploration and production folks, the midstream folks and the utilities to really get us to a point where we can take on another Winter Storm Uri. Well say volumetrically, there were very, very few customers lost in the state of Oklahoma. And so that volumetrically was a very positive force. The issue was where the price went to, not necessarily the stability and the reliability of being able to perform. So, I think the focus needs to be on resiliency and theres going to be a lot of people thats going to be involved in that process.
Craig Shere: Can this process de-risk some of the Mid-Con EBITDA?
Kevin Burdick: Craig, this is Kevin, I think, those assets are highly contracted and have been highly contracted for a long time. And we would expect that to continue. So, I think what this does is maybe provide opportunities for expansion. This team has done a really good job of whether its connecting new power plants or doing smaller projects to bring gas from other areas, to Pierces comments, weve done some of that. We just think there may be more opportunities for that in the future.
Craig Shere: Right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Cusimano with Pickering Energy Partners.
Michael Cusimano: Good morning, everyone and congrats on the new roles. I have more of a strategic question. Hypothetically, using Elk Creek 540,000 barrels a day of expandable capacity is kind of a ceiling being filled by even like the 330 touched on earlier this month and the 125,000 barrels a day of available esteem that you mentioned. It still leaves is that 85,000 of capacity available for the GOR and volume growth opportunities that you mentioned. So with that in mind, Im trying to understand the strategic rationale for overland pass today. Is that just there capacity available for potential growth beyond Elk Creek? If you can mention  just talk about just how that fits into the portfolio today?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. I think when you think about the strategic rationale OPPL you need to think about Elk Creek as one system. And the Bakken pipeline delivered into OPPL as a second system. So to reach the total 540,000 barrels a day of capacity that we could achieve by expanding Elk Creek, Elk Creek will run 400,000 of that the other 140 will be on the Bakken pipeline and delivering that into OPPL and delivering all that into business so thats where OPPL fits into our strategic plan for volumes out of the Bakken.
Michael Cusimano: Okay. So okay, so it was more of thinking of Elk Creek from Rockies, before it touches into were open to well connect thats more of like a 400,000 barrels a day capacity?
Sheridan Swords: It is, if we would put the additional pumps on. Right now, we stated that thats 300,000.
Michael Cusimano: Okay, perfect. Yes, thats really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys want to wish Terry a congrats, and Pierce, congrats to you as well look forward to getting together at some point. Have a volume question, you made the comment  someone made the comment on the call about 330,000 barrels a day is kind of what youre seeing right now out of the Bakken. Can you give same data points for what youre seeing right now in the Mid-Con and in the Permian relative to kind of what the second quarter run rate, I think on Slide 4 was?
Pierce Norton: We  I havent looked specifically at what were running right now. I will say that we are running higher on both those systems than we did in the second quarter. But I have a specific look at what we have reached on each one of these systems. But we are running  we are turning higher on both of those systems.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And when I look at your guidance, your volumetric guidance across G&P in NGL throughput? Do you think theres material upside to this little surprise given todays numbers and then the comment on the 330,000 that you didnt kind of do a volumetric guidance raise here?
Kevin Burdick: Well, Michael, were still within  this is Kevin. Were still within the range in both segments. I mean, clearly, as we see strengthening activity that youd see some  there would definitely be some upside to those numbers. But the other dynamic thats going on is, when you look at an annual average, you had a pretty tough first quarter with the winter storm as it related to volumes. So, I do think youre going to see a much stronger volume in the second half of the year than you did in the first half, but still tracking inside the guidance at this point.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Super helpful. And then last question just on frac capacity, can you talk about and I know you had the outage this period. So it may be a little hard? What the utilization of your fracs are and when you actually think the earliest you might need new capacity would be?
Pierce Norton: Well, right now, the utilization of our fracs is as much as we can get through them, because were trying to frac off that backlog of inventory that we had carryover from the second quarter as we go forward. In terms of adding new frac capacity, were continuing to evaluate that were seeing good strong volume growth in our in our area, were trying to understand when the right time is to kick that project off. And were hoping that volumes continue to grow. And we can see that come up pretty quick.
Sheridan Swords: But Michael, I would just add that add that capacity, all we would be doing is completing MB-5, and youre just talking a couple $100 million to finish up that project.
Michael Lapides: Got it. But is that something you think could be needed next year? Or do you think its more longer term down the road?
Pierce Norton: Well, it possibly could be needed next year, I think when we get it up, itll take a little bit longer than that to get it up and going. So, thats why we kind of need to look at longer than a year ago probably take a little bit longer than that to get it up to complete what we need to have done there. But theres a possibility it could be needed next year. But still, I still steal theres quite a bit of capacity in the industry right now that outside frac deals could be done in the short-term.
Michael Lapides: Got it? Thank you guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Well take our final question from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Yes, hi. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome back to Pierce and then also congrats to Terry on his retirement. A couple of quick questions for me, seems like there has been a fair bit of debate between the activity levels, public versus private. Could you remind us, how much of your volumes come from private producers versus public producers in Bakken?
Pierce Norton: Weve got  obviously, weve got the big, theres a lot of publics out there when you think about ConocoPhillips, and Continental and ExxonMobil, and so forth. So the majority of those are coming from the publics up in the Bakken. But we do have some of our smaller customers are the privates, but we really havent seen a distinguishing factor between whos bringing rigs back, its really more an independent company, just depending on what their financial situation is, and how theyre viewing their balance sheet, et cetera. But pretty much across the board, we have seen all those customers talk about increasing activity as we move through the rest of this year into 2022.
Sunil Sibal: Got it, thanks for that. And then seems like, when I look at Q2 versus Q1, you had a fairly decent uptick in volumes, but your OpEx were flattish to lower sequentially. I was curious, is there any specific thing which is driving that? And how should we be thinking about your OpEx going forward?
Pierce Norton: No, I think, weve had a couple quarters of a pretty close run rate here. We grow from sequential quarter-to-quarter. It was really just some timing, coming out of the winter, being able to  starting to execute on some expense projects that that will typically do and as the weather gets better, and that some of that was occurring in the NGL segment. But as we think going forward, other than maybe a little uptick with Bear Creek when it becomes operational later this year, other than that, kind of the current run rate would probably be a decent number to use.
Sunil Sibal: Go got it. Thanks.
Pierce Norton: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays question-and-answer session. I will now turn it back to Andrew Ziola for closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Well thank you all our quiet period for the second quarter  for the third quarter, excuse me starts when we close our books in October, and extends until we release earnings in early November. Well provide details for the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and the IR team will be available throughout day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead sir.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Thank you, Travis and welcome to ONEOK's first quarter 2021 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued trust and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. ONEOK's solid first quarter results are providing positive momentum as we enter warmer operating months. Volumes on our system and our outlook for the year continues to improve supporting the increase to our financial guidance, which we announced yesterday. Even without the weather-related earnings impact in the first quarter, our base business earnings increased compared with the fourth quarter. But while the quarter's results were positive, winter storm Uri did provide us with significant operational challenges that I want to highlight. Our employees' preparation before the extreme weather event and hard work during it enabled us to operate with very few interruptions. Operations teams ensured our assets were weatherized for extreme conditions and that our employees were on-site and prepared to make the necessary adjustments to keep our assets running. Many of our employees were faced with challenges of their own, including limited or no heat, running water or electricity at their own homes, but still worked to help ONEOK provide essential natural gas and NGLs when needed most. Despite these extraordinary winter -- weather conditions, we continued to meet the critical needs of our customers, including natural gas utilities and electric power plants. Our natural gas pipeline and storage assets were particularly well-positioned to address the needs for natural gas. The segment's ability to continue providing reliable service helps meet increased natural gas demand and contributed to higher adjusted EBITDA during the quarter. Kevin will provide more details in a moment. Despite weather-related volume impacts across our operations, strength in our base business was evident in our Rocky Mountain region NGL and natural gas volumes during the quarter. The Williston Basin continues to outperform expectations and provide us with solid and stable earnings. As I've said before, ONEOK's earnings growth in 2021 is not dependent on increased rig activity or increasing commodity prices. The opportunities available to us are from a robust drilled, but uncompleted well inventory, increased natural gas capture and rising gas to oil ratios in the Williston Basin and increasing ethane demand. The opportunity for earnings growth without the need for significant investment is unique to ONEOK and our strategic assets in key operating areas. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we raised expectations for 2021 and now expect adjusted EBITDA growth of more than 17% compared with 2020. Our higher guidance expectations include the latest producer forecasts and drilling plans and our earnings range also includes the potential impact from a shutdown of the Dakota access pipeline. Increasing producer activity, higher commodity prices and strengthening energy markets have further enhanced our view of 2021 and are setting up to provide positive momentum as we exit the year. As we look toward 2022, high single to low double-digit growth in EBITDA appears reasonable in the $50 to $70 per barrel price range, when you adjust 2021 for the approximately $90 million weather impact to revised guidance. We also continue to look for opportunities outside of our traditional growth drivers to enhance our businesses. Our sustainability and renewables teams continue to actively research opportunities that will complement our extensive midstream assets and expertise. They're focusing on opportunities to lower our greenhouse gas emissions, while enhancing profitability, further strengthening the vital role we expect to play in a low-carbon economy. Opportunities under evaluation include the further electrification of compression assets, potential carbon capture and storage projects, sourcing renewable energy for operations and other longer term investments such as hydrogen transportation and storage. And as always, we'll remain disciplined in our capital approach as we develop these opportunities. Demand for the products we transport remain strong. The pandemic and recent weather events have further highlighted the importance of natural gas NGLs and the many end-use products they help create, which all play a vital role in helping us to lead safer and healthier lives. Our ability to transport these products safely and responsibly to markets is key to their ultimate end use. This quarter once again proved our ability to do that even in the most extreme conditions. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt to discuss our financial performance and updated 2021 guidance.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we increased our 2021 net income and earnings per share guidance 10% and adjusted EBITDA guidance 5% compared with our original expectations provided in late February. We now expect a net income midpoint of $1.35 billion or $3.02 per share and an adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $3.2 billion this year. At the segment level, we increased 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance for the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas pipeline segments, primarily due to increasing producer activity from higher commodity prices and incorporating the results of the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA guidance for the natural gas liquids segment decreased slightly, primarily due to reduced volumes and lower ethane demand in the first quarter related to Winter Storm Uri. Total capital expenditures for 2021 including growth and maintenance capital remain unchanged from our original expectations of $525 million to $675 million, a more than 70% decrease compared with 2020. This range includes capital to complete the Bear Creek plant expansion and associated field infrastructure in the fourth quarter of this year and a low-cost expansion of the Arbuckle II pipeline in the second quarter. Now a brief overview of our first quarter financial performance. ONEOK's first quarter 2021 net income totaled $386 million or $0.86 per share. First quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $866 million, a 24% increase year-over-year and a 17% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2020. Distributable cash flow was more than $660 million in the first quarter, a 27% increase year-over-year and a 28% increase compared with the fourth quarter 2020. First quarter dividend coverage was nearly 1.6 times and we generated more than $245 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid during the quarter. Our March 31, net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.98 times compared with 4.6 times at the end of 2020. We ended the quarter -- the first quarter with no borrowings on our $2.5 billion credit facility and more than $400 million of cash. Earlier this month, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis unchanged from the previous quarter. Healthy earnings in the first quarter provided momentum for 2021 and helped to accelerate our deleveraging efforts. As Terry mentioned, increasing producer activity, ample capacity on our systems and the continued opportunity for flared gas capture and strong gas to oil ratios in the Williston Basin and increasing ethane demand continue to support our base business and increase financial expectations this year. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operations.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Winter Storm Uri impacted operations across all three of our business segments in February. Reduced volumes due to well freeze-offs, especially in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast Permian regions increased electricity cost and customer facility outages presented challenges during the quarter. However, our ability to meet increased demand for natural gas and NGLs during the period helped to more than offset the volume impacts. Volumes across our operations returned quickly following the extreme weather with NGL raw feed throughput and natural gas processing volumes in the Rocky Mountain region in March, exceeding our first quarter 2021 averages. Let's take a closer look at each of our businesses, starting with the Natural Gas Pipelines segment. The safe and reliable operations of our pipeline and storage assets through the storm provided critical transportation services and storage withdrawals for our customers. In addition, we sold 5.2 Bcf of natural gas, which we previously held in inventory into the market in the first quarter 2021 to help meet the increased demand. This compares with 1.2 Bcf that we sold in the first quarter of 2020. Our ability to provide reliable service throughout the extreme weather conditions highlights the importance of market-connected pipelines and storage assets and the value of these vital services. Since the storm, we've received increased interest from customers seeking additional long-term transportation and storage capacity on our system. This morning we initiated an open season for more than one Bcf of incremental firm storage capacity at our West Texas storage assets. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, first quarter 2021 earnings increased compared with the fourth quarter of 2020, despite the volume impact from Winter Storm Uri. System-wide volumes were reduced by an average of approximately 64,000 barrels per day during the quarter with the largest impacts in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast Permian regions. During the first quarter, increased optimization and marketing activities in the segment related primarily to higher commodity prices and wider spreads between Conway and Mont Belvieu prices, presented opportunities to utilize our integrated NGL pipeline and storage assets to meet market needs, helping to partially offset volume and cost-related impacts. First quarter raw feed throughput from the Rocky Mountain region increased 4% compared with the fourth quarter of 2020 and 20% year-over-year, despite an 11,000 barrel per day impact from Winter Storm Uri. As we sit today, volumes from the region have reached more than 300,000 barrels per day. During the quarter, ethane volumes on our system in the Rocky Mountain region increased compared with the fourth quarter 2020 as we incented some ethane recovery, which we have talked about in the past. On a short-term basis, we were able to incent recovery by purchasing ethane at several gas plants at a premium value to natural gas, selling it into the Mont Belvieu ethane market and collecting the difference while increasing producer netbacks and NGL volumes on our system. Continued ethane recovery from the region will depend on regional natural gas and ethane pricing and is not included in our updated guidance. Economics in the Mid-Continent region also provided the opportunity to incentivize ethane recovery and we continue to expect partial recovery in the region throughout the remainder of the year, which is included in our guidance. In the Permian Basin, we saw increased ethane rejection in the first quarter. Overall, petrochemical facility outages related to Winter Storm Uri, reduced demand for ethane during the quarter. We expect ethane recovery in the Permian Basin to continue ramping back up, as petrochemical demand returns, following February storm impacts, with a return to near full recovery in the second half of 2021. Discretionary ethane that can be recovered on our system in both the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain regions remains approximately 100,000 barrels per day. In the Rockies region, full recovery would provide an opportunity for $400 million in an annual adjusted EBITDA at full rates. Our opportunity for recovery in either region at any given time will fluctuate, based on regional natural gas pricing, ethane economics and potential incentivized recovery. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. In the Rocky Mountain region, first quarter processed volumes increased 5% year-over-year, despite colder-than-normal weather in February. In March, volumes exceeded 1.2 billion cubic feet per day, a level we can maintain even without increased producer activity. Our ability to capture additional flared gas, rising gas to oil ratios and a large inventory of drilled, but uncompleted wells on our acreage are the key drivers of our 2021 volume expectations. Recent producer M&A activity in the Williston Basin has highlighted new drilling plans on acreage that in some cases may not have been developed in the near term, but now likely will be. And indications from several of our producers in the basin, point to increasing activity in the second half of 2021, particularly in Dunn County. In response to this, we've resumed construction on our Bear Creek processing plant expansion and expect it to be complete in the fourth quarter of this year. Once complete, we will have approximately 1.7 Bcf per day of processing capacity in the basin and we'll be able to grow our volumes with minimal capital, as producer activity levels increase. In the first quarter, we connected 38 wells in the Rocky Mountain region and expect to connect more than 300 this year. Based on very recent producers completion schedules, we expect a significant increase in well connects in the second and third quarter, as completion activity picks up with improved weather. There are currently 16 rigs operating in the basin, with eight on our dedicated acreage, and there continues to be a large inventory of drilled, but uncompleted wells with more than 650 basin-wide and approximately 350 on our dedicated acreage. With eight completion crews currently operating in the basin, no additional activity or crews are needed to hold natural gas production flat on our acreage or reach our well connect guidance for the year. Any additional completion crews would present upside to our guidance. As the current DUC inventory gets worked down, we expect producers to bring rigs back to the basin to replenish the inventory levels, providing tailwinds as we move into 2022. Additionally, as of February, approximately 100 million cubic feet per day of natural gas flaring remained on our dedicated acreage, presenting a continued opportunity for us to bring this volume onto our system and help further reduce flaring in the basin. The gathering and processing segment's average fee rate remained $1.04 per MMBtu during the quarter, unchanged from the fourth quarter 2020. Winter Storm Uri reduced Mid-Continent volumes by approximately 30 million cubic feet per day for the quarter, causing the average fee rate mix to shift more towards the Rocky Mountain volumes, driving the higher average rate. We now expect the fee rate for 2021 to average close to the high end of our $0.95 to $1 per MMBtu guidance range. The segment's 2021 guidance does not assume increasing producer activity levels in the Mid-Continent region or the Powder River Basin. However, both areas have received attention, as commodity prices have strengthened. Any increasing activity in those areas would be an added tailwind to our 2021 expectations and provide volume momentum into 2022. Terry that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. Good overview of a challenging, but encouraging quarter that has positioned us well for the rest of 2021. With volumes trending upward and strength in our base business, our outlook continues to improve. But we remain disciplined in our approach and focus on what matters most for the long-term sustainability of our business. Enhancing our financial stability, participating in the innovation necessary for a transition to a low-carbon economy and serving our customers' needs safely and responsibly continue to be our focus. The first quarter showcased many of these focus areas and we have many more great things to look forward to in the remainder of this year and beyond. Thank you to our employees for all that you have done this quarter and over the past year to focus on customer needs and continue operating safely and responsibly. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Blum, Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Blum: A couple of questions for me. One, the T&F rate out of the Bakken I mean it's not a big deal, but it did fall by $0.01 versus last quarter to $0.27 from $0.28. Just wanted to know if that was -- that has anything to do with the ethane recovery incentivized -- incentivization program? Or is there something else there that we should be thinking about?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. You're right. The tick down in the average rate was due to the amount of ethane that we incentivized to come out of the Bakken and the lower rate that was received for those barrels.
Michael Blum: Great. And then second question I apologize if I missed this, how many rigs are running on your acreage today in the Bakken?
Chuck Kelley: Michael this is Chuck. We've got eight of the 16 rigs in the basin on our acreage today.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet, JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning guys. This is James [ph] on for Jeremy. Maybe just wanted to start here on the Bakken outlook. You mentioned the 350 DUCs on the acreage and the unchanged G&P completion guidance here. So maybe just looking out into where you see the DUC inventory by year-end? And also just cadence for completion activity in the remainder of the year, you mentioned 2Q and 3Q you expect to see a ramp, but is it safe to kind of assume with only 38 wells completed in the first quarter maybe an average out for the remaining quarters here to meet the well completion guide?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin here James. The -- yes absolutely. Like we said in the remarks, we expect a significant increase in the completions. Chuck and his team these conversations we're having with producers are literally days and just a couple of weeks old. And we anticipate a pretty sizable step-up in Q2 and Q3. Q4 is always a little dependent on the weather as you think about that, but we still feel really good about our 300 guidance. So yes it would need -- we'll see a pickup in the summer.
Chuck Kelley: And James this is Chuck. What I would add to what Kevin said is, we completed the 38 in Q1 but a lot of that planning was done back in Q4 and a lot of the producers still had some uncertainty over stability of crude pricing what was DAPL going to do. So we didn't anticipate Q1 will be strong. But as Kevin said, the ramp is extremely good starting here in Q2, we're already seeing it and certainly into Q3 and these are recent conversations.
Unidentified Analyst: Sounds good. I appreciate the color there. And then ESG is, obviously, topical with emissions these days. And maybe just looking across your nat gas pipeline footprint, have you guys looked at opportunities there to reduce carbon emissions? And what maybe is that project set? And if you have -- have you guys allocated a set dollar amount there yet? Or are you still kind of in the initial stages there?
Terry Spencer: Yes, James, this is Terry. So certainly, we have remained very focused over the years and in particular in the last couple of years reducing our emissions impact across our asset footprint not just in natural gas, but in liquids as well. And so that remains a key focus for us. The types of things that we're looking at that -- can be big needle movers in terms of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions, things like electrification of compression, natural gas-fired compression being converted to electrics, which then can consume or be in a position to consume renewable power. That's a key focus. We have done some of that. We've got a lot of electric compression operating today, particularly, in the Williston Basin. But we also have some big units down in Oklahoma. So we know how to do it and we expect to continue to steadily increase our fleet of electric compression. So that's a key focus. And obviously the renewables team is working on a lot of other things on the energy transition front taking advantage of our skill set and taking advantage of the pipeline processing capability or expertise that we have. So that's kind of it in a nutshell. Kevin, anything you can add to that?
Kevin Burdick: No.
Terry Spencer: I guess as far as capital, yes, we have allocated some capital not just on the compression front, but also we're doing some work on the carbon sequestration front as well. So we've allocated some meaningful capital there. It's not a huge amount of capital as we're just getting started in this. But as we move forward, we expect that capital to pick up. I think the key emphasis is that projects that we work on or that we're considering in the sustainable -- area of sustainability they've got to make economic sense. They've got to generate a return a reasonable return.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That makes sense. I appreciate that. Just last one for me if I can sneak one in. Do you guys have a number you can share or just color you can share on where you see gas/oil ratios trending post 2021? I know, you mentioned higher, but is there any more detail you can share there?
Kevin Burdick: No. I think the thing to do is I just go back over the time. We provide the information of the trend that's happened over the last -- what is it 70-plus percent over the last four years or something like that. And we have no reason to believe that's going to taper off.
Chuck Kelley: Yes, it's increased over 15% just here in the past year. You can see that in our chart.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks for questions. I will leave it there.
Chuck Kelley: Thanks, James.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni, UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions today. Just -- Terry I just kind of wanted to focus on some of your prepared remarks that you made around momentum building towards the end of the year. And that ex-storm you're, sort of, intimating that 2022 can grow by high single-digits or low double-digit. I guess, kind of, back of the envelope that sounds like about $3.4 billion. I was wondering if you can talk about the momentum a little bit. And in the answers to your previous questions you have talked about the completions towards the end of the year and so forth. So kind of understand the cadence with respect to 2021. But how have the conversations changed with producers with oil now in the 60s for some time? Like how they evolve since February? Is that where some of the momentum is coming from? Or is it strictly related to gas/oil recoveries and NGL recoveries?
Terry Spencer: Well, Shneur, Kevin in his remarks, he mentions momentum. He uses that word. Because he used that word I'm going to let him answer that question.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks, Terry. No, Shneur it's all the things that you mentioned. Conversations with customers not just our G&P customers, but as Sheridan and his team work with their customers across all the basins. It's just that we anticipate increasing activity. We've seen prices stabilize here appear at a nice level. Clearly, that can generate fantastic returns in most every basin we're in. The gas to oil ratio increasing in the Bakken gives us more confidence that you're going to continue to see those volumes tick up. So there's just a lot of factors that go into that. And I think a key -- as we have conversations with the producers particularly in the Bakken, the note is as they're going to work the DUC inventory, I know a lot's been written about well where are the rigs? Well, they're going to work their DUC inventory down first, and then as that declines and it gets back to more of a normalized rate then we'll probably see and we expect to see rigs come back based on our conversations with them. So all those reasons are why we think in the back half of the year, you will see an increase and a tick up not necessarily in completion crews but in rigs. And that will provide the momentum as we go into 2022.
Terry Spencer: The only thing, I'd add to Kevin's remarks is just when you just think about the worldwide recovery from the pandemic certainly that's providing a lot of momentum to us. And we see it not just in the commodity prices that are relatively strong, but also we're seeing it in pet chem demand. And we've got hammered -- the pet chem space got hammered here in the Gulf Coast, obviously, due to weather. But we've seen that pick back up and those operation's restore. We're also seeing new petrochemical plants being built across the global space. So, pet chem demand showing no signs of letting up and certainly that's why ethane is a big part of our story. And certainly, it's a big part of our story as we think about 2022 and beyond.
Shneur Gershuni: I really appreciate the color there. I was wondering, if we can also expand on the conversation from the prepared remarks about ethane recovery in the Rocky Mountains. You sort of described how you were purchasing in a premium selling in Mont Belvieu. And I think you stated that the potential from this is not currently in your guidance today. I was just wondering, if you can walk us through this? Obviously, you're providing incentives so it would be less than the 400 million that you kind of outlined as the upside potential, but are you -- is it kind of like a day-to-day decision where this is occurring? Or are you signing some more smaller term contracts in the three, six, nine, or 12-month nature? I'm just trying to understand, whether it's day-to-day or could there be some momentum on some smaller term type contract deals?
Sheridan Swords: Shneur, this is Sheridan. We are doing this day-to-day to be able to capture the most spread between the markets. So we saw that in February, where the price of gas spiked really high then we shut down the incentive program and did not buy ethane out during that period of time. So it really is a day-to-day decision that, we can make. So we're looking at both the regional gas price in the Bakken and the price of ethane in Mont Belvieu to make those decisions. And we didn't bring out the whole 100,000. We only brought out a small portion of ethane during this period of time.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Are any of the producers interested in doing some smaller term deals at all? Or is this just going to continue to be a day-to-day decision?
Sheridan Swords: Really right now as we see it we think we are better served by doing it day-to-day instead of -- because we get to capture the full -- we get to capture the spread for what we buy it on the gas price and what we sell it for ethane. If we lock in a longer term, we'd have to lock in that spread and we think that that spread is going to continue to widen. So we'd rather do it on a day-to-day basis at this time.
Shneur Gershuni: All right. Perfect. Thank you very much guys. Really appreciate the color today.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Cho, Barclays.
Christine Cho: Thank you. I actually wanted to also touch upon the 2022 comments. Is there any more color you can provide on the different basins? Like, what your -- what you're thinking about growth in the Bakken versus Mid-Con versus Permian? Just kind of in context of how you guys say that you're not anticipating an increased activity in the Mid-Con in 2021 results, but curious how that and the Permian looks for 2022 especially in a $50 to $70 price environment?
Kevin Burdick: Christine, this is Kevin. I mean, we're not going to provide a lot more color at this point because it's an outlook. But clearly, when you look at our footprint, we feel pretty strong about the Bakken. We think there's going to be growth there. We've got a good -- great position in the Permian. We've seen activity levels pick up there as well. And -- but no I don't think, it's going to -- from a Mid-Continent perspective, it's -- we don't have a lot of growth baked in to that basin.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then, I wanted to also touch upon Bear Creek. I know in your prepared remarks you talked about Dunn County seeing a lot of activity. And I know there have been some big wells there. And I know that, you have a plant there but is that full already? Or are the producers currently flaring the gas there or building a DUC inventory? I just wasn't sure if you were able to move those volumes to be processed at your other plants in McKenzie if necessary?
Kevin Burdick: No. Christine, this is Kevin. We've talked about that plan. When we built the first one there, that was geographically more isolated than our other facilities. So we have a small amount of ability to move gas around to other plants. But effectively that plant is near full at this point. But producers are working closely with us to align their timing to the timing of when our infrastructure not just the plant but also some of the field infrastructure necessary to gather the gas to get it to the plant. So we've mentioned the four large producers down there in Continental in Marathon in ConocoPhillips and XTO, large acreage positions and they are coordinating with us extremely closely on the timing, so that we don't flare gas down there.
Christine Cho: So should we expect like kind of a stair-step, in volumes when that plant comes on? Or is it still going to be more a slow ramp?
Kevin Burdick: I think the way a lot of the developments occurring nowadays is it will be a little lumpy, I mean as they bring on pads. But yes, you're not going to see some massive step change the day the plant comes up. Because again, producers we all are extremely concerned and want to reduce flaring as much as possible. And so the coordination among us and our customers is very tight on the timing of when the capacity will be available.
Christine Cho: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis, Crdit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, morning guys. Two questions for you on CapEx, first one just thinking about Bear Creek II being official now. I think that was already contemplated in the original CapEx range. So, just curious does that sort of push you up towards the higher end of the range? And if not, what are the drivers that would actually get you to that high point?
Kevin Burdick: Spiro, this is Kevin. Yes. The Bear Creek facility and the related field infrastructure is included in that forecast. The things that would get you to the higher end is really more activity. I mean if you look at that CapEx, you've got our maintenance cap which is pretty static. And then, the rest of it is Bear Creek II and routine growth, which are things like well connects and some small projects in the other segments. And so to the extent, we see increased activity and that comes sooner. And we would need some more kind of that standard high-return well connect capital. That's what would take you towards the higher end. The rest of it is just going to be timing as far as how the capital is spent over the course of the year.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. That's helpful. Sticking with CapEx it sounds like a lot of the growth you guys are contemplating in 2022, won't require CapEx. It sounds like very much a continuation of a lot of the trends you're seeing in 2021. So I guess, as we think about the trajectory into next year for CapEx, is it fair to assume more or less in line with 2021 if not maybe even below these levels?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The key thing to me about our capital spend as we look forward is the available capacity or the operating leverage, we have across our assets. We referenced in our remarks, about the capacity we'll have in the Bakken from a processing perspective. We recently completed an expansion on Elk Creek to bring it up to 300,000 barrels a day. And we've still got the legacy Bakken NGL line, combined with OPPL that we could always use. We talked about the minor expansion on Arbuckle II. We've got capacity in West Texas. So we can grow our EBITDA without a significant uptick in capital. So yes, you're probably going to think of it more in lines of 2021, if you're talking about 2022 more in line of that versus we're not going to have to add another long-haul pipeline or something like that.
Terry Spencer: I think Kevin that's a good point. Spiro, let's hang on with me for a second. I mean that segues into an important point to make that with this excess capacity that we have available the fact that all of this infrastructure is pretty well in place for the next three or four years without any sort of major backbone type transmission project needing to be built in the NGL space. I mean you could see this business from an EBITDA perspective hit a $4 billion type of number in the right pricing environment without having to expend a heck of a lot of capital. So -- I mean I think that expands on that headroom concept or that available capacity concept that we keep trying to express to the market to understand about our business that we built a lot of that major infrastructure is already in place and the rest of this stuff is smaller routine growth. So -- and that's what puts us in a position. In the right pricing environment, right activity levels, I mean we could see a $4 billion kind of EBITDA number here.
Spiro Dounis: Okay, appreciate those comments Terry. Thanks Kevin.
Kevin Burdick: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Richardson, Trust Securities.
Tristan Richardson: Hey, good morning guys. I really appreciate all the commentary on completion activity and what you're seeing -- thinking about for 2022. Just on 2022, as you see -- start to see well connects accelerate throughout the year, should we think of 1022 as a kind of well above that 300 well connects type of mark that you're talking about for 2021? And you noted potential for rig additions. Are rig additions something we could see as early as the second half? Or is this more of a -- based on conversations that you're having this is an exiting the year type of event?
Chuck Kelley: Tristan this is Chuck. I'd say that the rig activity we anticipate certainly would start to -- you would start to see rigs showing up here toward the end of spring and the beginning of summer. It's definitely a second half activity. As Kevin referenced earlier, our producers have told us that they're going to work through their DUC inventory first then bring the rigs in like they traditionally do midyear and ramp that up. And with -- we've got one good indicator up there right now. We've gone from two to eight completion crews in the basin. And you think about completion crews and the well connects that we have for the balance of the year; we're pretty excited about hitting that 300-plus number. And as we look into next year, certainly see no less than that obviously. So, without really getting into 2022 specifics, we think we're going to have a lot of tailwinds behind us this year and going into next year.
Tristan Richardson: That's helpful. And then just a clarification question. Kevin I wanted to go to your $400 million in EBITDA comment with respect to ethane. Is that sort of the potential opportunity in a full rejection to full recovery scenario? Or is that sort of where you're at today moving to full recovery?
Kevin Burdick: No, that's just -- we provided the information previously that ever 25,000 barrels a day of volume coming out of the Rockies is worth about $100 million of EBITDA. So, that's just doing the math there of 100,000 barrels a day of ethane if it all came online at full rates would be worth $400 million of EBITDA a year.
Tristan Richardson: Okay, great. Super helpful. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate it.
Kevin Burdick: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury, Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, good morning. I have two questions that may actually be the same question. But the first one is about on slide 10, it looks like February flaring ticked up a bit from the declining trend that we had seen in prior months. Was that a one-off due to weather or some other reason? Or does it suggest that we're hitting a gas constraint somewhere and that flaring could creep up more?
Chuck Kelley: Yes, Jean Ann, this is Chuck. That was pretty much due to weather and then a little bit of drilling in some areas that are a little hard to get to right now, but it is not -- it's not an indication of increased flaring forthcoming in the basin.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Cool. Then I guess my questions are different. My second question was also about the incented ethane from the first quarter. Was that that there were sort of some temporary gas blowouts in the basin or something more structural like gas basis is like gradually widening there? It's hard to tell because northern border kind of takes some from the Bakken and some from Canada. But is this sort of the fact that now it's in the money for you to do and before it wasn't suggest something structural is changing in terms of gas takeaway getting limited?
Sheridan Swords: Jean-Ann, this is Sheridan. No, I don't think it has anything to do with gas limited takeaway. What has to do with is we're seeing strength in ethane demand on the Gulf Coast and we saw a spread between gas in the Bakken and ethane prices on the Gulf Coast that we want to take advantage of. And we continue to see that grow especially now as we head into May, we're seeing a lot of increased demand for ethane in the Gulf Coast from our assets down there, probably as strong as we've seen in the last three or four years going into May.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Perfect. That's all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere, Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning. Congratulations on the good quarter.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Craig.
Craig Shere: Trying to understand better the roughly 10% year-over-year 2022 EBITDA uplift outlook. If I understand correctly, the 2021 updated guidance includes up to $50 million of headwind on adaptable shutdown. What if anything are you incorporating into 2022 when you say maybe roughly 10% uplift for DAPL? And then if I understand correctly the answer to Tristan's question, while you're assuming a recovery in rig counts to fill in the DUCs, there is no assumption in your 2022 outlook for an increasing frac crew deployment. Is that correct?
Kevin Burdick: Craig, I think there's a couple of things in there. One you referenced DAPL. If you think about we've talked previously about the impact we believe to DAPL at this point and talking to our customers is quite small. Given the time that's now passed, we're well into the year, and the pipeline is still operating, and there's still not a clear path of what's going to happen to it. The EIS is supposed to be complete by the, I think, March of 2022. So even in the scenario where it would get shut down, I don't know that there's that much impact to 2022 as everybody believes that process is going to -- will ultimately get the permit. So from that standpoint that's how we're thinking about DAPL. Just -- and on the rig counts, we kind of answered that previously that we absolutely believe there will be an uptick in rigs and activity levels in the second half of this year, as to what that exactly looks like as we move into 2022 that remains to be seen and that's why the range is provided.
Terry Spencer: And Craig, we wouldn't have said it if we didn't have visibility to it. You know us too well.
Craig Shere: Absolutely. I guess, I'm trying to get at if you're kind of saying that you expect at least maybe 300 well connects next year that doesn't sound like it's -- that comments assuming any healthy uptick in frac crews. Rig counts to fill in the DUCs, yes. But if we get another two or three frac crews that could add to what you're talking about. Is that correct?
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Craig Shere: Great. And one other question. Can you elaborate on prospects for realized Permian pricing to ramp with increasing bundled NGL services?
Kevin Burdick: Craig, could you repeat that? We didn't get it here.
Craig Shere: Just your Permian realized NGL pricing is lower, because there's still a lot of legacy just transport only, and trying to get a sense for the outlook of being able to switch to more and more integrated services that will give a higher bundled rate.
Sheridan Swords: Well, what I -- this is Sheridan. What I would say is that I don't see a whole lot of uplift in that average rate. One is we are seeing a lot of pressure on rates for new volume out in the Permian that's out there right now that's putting pressure on that. So our legacy volumes are going to be where they're at, because they're on long-term contracts. But I think as we bring new volumes on they will be at a lower rate. So I don't see a whole lot of uptick in the average rate on the West Texas system.
Craig Shere: What about the ability to combine the transport on West Texas with fractionation to get higher all-in pricing?
Sheridan Swords: Well, right now we've seen sometimes there's been some new rates done, that is basically at our average rate today for both transportation and fractionation.
Craig Shere: Really. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sunil Sibal, Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. Good morning, guys. And thanks for all the color. My first question was related to your comments previously regarding how you're looking at clean energy investments. I think you referred that you're going to hold those projects to same kind of economic returns. Now most of the recent projects you did on NGL pipelines, et cetera, were more like 4x to 5x EBITDA multiples. So I was just curious when you think about these new investments risk versus reward, how should we be kind of thinking about any incremental investments in that area, especially if you look at CCS and all those kind of technologies?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. I mean, as Terry mentioned earlier, as we evaluate these projects, we are going to maintain our financial discipline, our economic thinking and the return standards that we have. Does that mean it's a four times project like some of our others, probably not. But is it going to earn a reasonable return? Yes, we believe they will. So, we will definitely -- if we're spending capital, we're going to be looking for a return on that capital.
Sunil Sibal: Understood. Any clarity on time line on those decisions on those evaluations?
Kevin Burdick: We are -- our team is working it hard. I mean, there is a lot of opportunities out there and we are evaluating them to look and see how they fit with our footprint, with our capabilities and the need for us to get involved and the opportunities. So, we're not going to rush it. It's important to us. We're working hard at it, but it's not something we're going to do just to say we've got a project. We're going to again make sure, it's the right strategic and financial fit for us.
Sunil Sibal: Understood. And then I had one kind of book-keeping question with regard to the act on recovery. So, those margin uptick, does that show up mainly in the gas G&P segment or should we expect that in the NGL segment? The reason I ask is, I noticed that with this guidance update you moved up the G&P segment guidance EBITDA whereas the NGL segment EBITDA guidance has moved down a little bit.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. You will see the uptick from incentivized ethane showing up in the NGL segment. But in our forecast for the remainder of the year, we do not -- we did not forecast any incentivized ethane in that forecast. So that will all be upside if we find the opportunity to bring more ethane out of the Bakken.
Sunil Sibal: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kania, Wolfe Research.
Alex Kania: Thanks very much. Maybe just another question on the renewals. Does it -- and thinking about the economics and how you want to make the investment, does like a conversion to electric or even ultimately renewables mean like a lower cost basis for you? Or is that something that maybe kind of a value-add that you can kind of upcharge existing customers really for lack of a better term kind of ESG-related matters? Just trying to think of what the investment of the return could be, and ultimately as well from a renewable investment standpoint is that something where you would really contract? Or is it maybe even investment in some of these facilities?
Kevin Burdick: It may be any of those or all of the above. I mean we have situations where we may -- if we can secure power for a lower cost and it's a cleaner renewable energy, we'd absolutely do that. And we -- and have the opportunity to benefit in that. In other parts of our business that gets -- those power costs may get passed along. So we would help out our customers. We may be in a situation where we can provide the power to the assets. So we're not constraining ourselves one way or the other and how we're thinking about providing renewable power to -- for our assets.
Terry Spencer: I think the other thing, I can add to that Kevin is that on an ongoing basis, we're needing to replace compression in our footprint as we have -- as machines become antiquated or as they wear out, we need to replace that compression anyway. So sometimes some of that -- those opportunities can be additions to the rate base. So that -- they can be in our regulated assets where they can -- we can earn a guaranteed return. The only difference is we'll put in electric compression as opposed to fossil fuel compression or by field compression or some of the things that we're considering. So it could take that form as well.
Alex Kania: Makes sense. And then maybe just a follow-up. Just given the kind of the backdrop of the growth potential it probably isn't a big priority, but just with respect to M&A, is there any maybe desire to kind of diversify geography a little bit more kind of balance it Bakken relative to the Permian? Are there any assets that might be interesting? Or is it just tough to compare that relative to what's internal?
Terry Spencer: Well I mean, we're always thinking about those types of things. I can tell you right now the appetite from a large-scale M&A standpoint is not very high, but we are always thinking about what opportunities are out there that we could bolt-on to the asset footprint that could make it better. So we're always thinking about those things. But certainly they've got to be strategic got to make a lot of sense. They've got to be accretive from an earnings and credit standpoint. All of those things are going to be required on the M&A front. But I will tell you candidly, the prospects are kind of few and far between, but we're always looking.
Alex Kania: Great. Thanks so much.
Terry Spencer: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timm Schneider, Citi.
Timm Schneider: Hey, guys. Just a quick one. I didn't see this in the release, maybe I missed it. But in your initial guidance, I think the rate for -- in the G&P segment was $0.95 to $1. Came in at $1.04 this quarter. So does that directionally imply we should be assuming that rate to go down throughout the rest of the year?
Chuck Kelley: Timm, this is Chuck. I would -- we gave guidance earlier this year on the average fee being $0.95 to $1. It's been $1.04 the past two quarters. I'd just say you could probably hang your hat on $1 and we're going to have quarters where we're above it. And there might be just $0.01 or so below it. But I think $1 is a good number. You might see a couple of cents above that throughout the year.
Timm Schneider: Okay. Got it. And the follow-up is, I'm going to assume if I ask you for fixed and variable cost on your system to get ethane down to the Gulf Coast, do you want to answer that? But what are the kind of main fixed costs and variable costs to think about as you think of that ethane coming down to the Bakken? And how does that vary from the Mid-Con to the Bakken, if at all in a big way?
Sheridan Swords: Timm, this is Sheridan. I would say yes you're right. I'm not going to answer what it is. But the variable cost is just the top cost to pump it from the Bakken and to run it through a frac. Just electricity and gas to do that. That's the only difference. The difference between bringing it out of the Bakken versus the Mid-Continent is just that the Mid-Continent is closer to Mont Belvieu than the Bakken is so you have less pumping capacity -- less pumps you have to run to get it down there. So not that big a variable cost.
Timm Schneider: Okay. Got it. No. that make sense. And that is -- that's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. One or two easy ones. First of all, in the G&P segment in the quarter, I didn't see you all call out any volumetric impact due to Winter Storm Uri. Was there any? That's kind of the first question. The second question a lot of your peers or several of your peers that benefited in February from what happened with gas are now tied up or caught up in efforts to try and actually recover the cash from their customers some of which has sparked litigation already. Just curious, do you have the cash in the door for all of it? I didn't see a big accounts receivable balance buildup. So just wanted to see and maybe check on those two items?
Chuck Kelley: Yes. Michael, this is Chuck. Second question first. No we've been paid for the gas sales that we made in February. So there are no accounts receivable out there for that. Secondly, your volume question on impact of Winter Storm Uri, it was primarily a Mid-Continent impact for us. As Kevin mentioned in his remarks, it was 30 million a day for the quarter, so 30 x 90, 2.7 Bcf. So essentially, if you had a 10-day event in the Mid-Con, 270 million a day for 10 days, so our plants -- our producers behind those plants obviously have well freeze-offs. Plants had some power issues. So, it was primarily a Mid-Continent issue for us in G&P. Had a little bit of an impact in the Bakken, but February is always tough in the Bakken.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And with all the debate going on in the Texas legislature over the last couple of weeks or so really last -- almost two months now -- little over two months now, how do you think about the concept of weatherizing your Permian infrastructure? And not just you and Terry, this may be a conversation you're having with your peers. How does the industry do that?
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean -- right. I can speak for ONEOK. We've weatherized, okay? I think where a bulk of the problem was is back in the field, where it's very difficult. It's difficult to weatherize wellhead production. It's been done in the Bakken. Obviously, the Bakken had marginal impact from the severe conditions. But down in Texas and even in parts of Oklahoma, we don't quite -- we don't do it as robustly as we do in Williston. So I think there's a lot to be learned from producers, who operate in a hostile environment all the time. A lot can be shared with producers down in Texas and how to weatherize. But -- I mean a lot of issues stem from the fact that it's difficult in terms of wellhead production to weatherize. And especially, if the electric power is getting shut off on you too if you're a producer and you're trying to -- you've got heat tracing and insulation that requires electric power and then, your power is getting shut off it makes -- you're froze up. So, I can speak for ONEOK. We did a great job weatherizing and that's how we were able to continue to operate. We had very few facilities go down due to freezing and we had large volumes of gas coming out of storage that made up for the wellhead supply that froze off. We just continued to make deliveries. And those deliveries and the market demand was going up dramatically. So even in the face of rising demand because of the cold temperatures, we are able to rock and roll and maintain deliveries. And fortunately, this cold snap only lasted about 10 days. But anyway, that's -- it's a challenging undertaking to make sure everything is weatherized. I can speak for ONEOK. We did a great job.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Robert Kad, Morgan Stanley.
Robert Kad: Thanks so much. I was wondering if I could just ask quickly on Northern Border and the Btu spec limit discussion. Now, you have a bit of distance from the technical conference and response from FERC last year. So, I was just kind of wondering where the process stood at this point. Whether it's discussions with producers or any next steps with FERC? Thank you.
Chuck Kelley: Yes. Robert, this is Chuck. TC Energy is the operator of Northern Border. And in discussions with them, we understand they're still working with the customers up in the Upper Midwest as well as the downstream pipelines that they interconnect with, looking to develop a tariff solution that addresses the operational concerns and balances the interest of parties from the Bakken on into Chicago. So more to come.
Robert Kad: Great. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew Ziola.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Well thank you everyone for joining us. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in July and extends until we release earnings in early August. We'll provide details for the conference call at a later date and the Investor Relations team will be available throughout the day. Thank you for joining us and have a great week.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to todays Fourth Quarter 2020 ONEOK Earnings Call. A quick reminder that todays program is being recorded. And at this time Id like to turn the floor to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Greg, and welcome to ONEOKs fourth quarter year-end 2020 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday, and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, well be available to take your questions. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued trust and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on todays call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Strategy and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. Before we discuss our 2020 results and 2021 guidance, I want to first express my deep appreciation for our employees who have been working tirelessly through recent extreme winter weather in the U.S. from North Dakota to the Gulf Coast. They have continued to meet the needs of our customers, while faced with personal challenges of their own homes, losing power without water, freezing pipes, you name it. I continue to be amazed by all that they do to provide exceptional customer service under very challenging circumstances. After a year like 2020, and so far in 2021, its understandable to want to focus on whats ahead. But first, Id like to highlight several operating financial and ESG related accomplishments achieved during the challenging 2020. ONEOKs adjusted EBITDA grew 6% year-over-year, despite a global pandemic reduced worldwide energy demand and depressed financial markets. Our resilient business, the advantages of our integrated assets and the dedication of our employees has never been more evident. The credit goes to those employees who have continued to prioritize the health and safety of their communities, families and fellow employees. Whether continuing to report on site in order to monitor assets and systems or juggling the complexities of working from home, all of our employees are critical in keeping natural gas and natural gas liquids flowing on our systems. And these energy products are critical for the economy to quickly recover from this pandemic. From an ESG perspective, we received numerous recognitions this year, including recently being named an industry mover in the S&P Global Sustainability awards and the only North American energy company included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. ONEOK also was the only Oklahoma-based company to receive a perfect score of 100 in the 2021 Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. We formed a standalone environmental sustainability team back in mid 2017 that accelerated our ongoing environmental stewardship efforts. In collaboration with those efforts, we recently created a group charged with the commercial development of renewable energy and low carbon projects. The team is actively researching opportunities that will complement our extensive midstream assets and expertise, and not only lower our greenhouse gas emissions, but also help enhance the vital role we expect to play in a future transition to a low carbon economy. Opportunities under evaluation include the further electrification of compression assets, potential carbon capture and storage opportunities, sourcing renewable energy for operations and other longer-term opportunities such as hydrogen transportation and storage. As we develop these opportunities, well remain disciplined in our capital approach, applying similar project criteria in terms of return threshold, contractual commitments and operational fit, just as we do on other projects. We accomplished a great deal in 2020 and financially, we ended the year stronger than we started it, with improved leverage and a more solid balance sheet. Strategic financial decisions and strong operating performance has positioned the company for another year of earnings growth in 2021. Yesterday, we announced our 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $2.9 billion to $3.2 billion, which is a 12% year-over-year increase compared with the midpoint. As the fundamentals of our business continue to improve, were more likely to end the year at the higher end of our earnings guidance range, and well likely adjust guidance upward accordingly. Earnings growth in 2021 isnt dependent on significant increases in producer activity or on sustained higher commodity prices, although we have seen both in recent months. The earnings power of our assets and available capacity from completed projects enables growth, even in an environment continuing to rebound from 2020. Kevin will talk more about the key operational drivers of our guidance shortly. Let me touch briefly on the Dakota Access Pipeline. Since we provided our original outlook in July, we believe that the potential impact to ONEOK, if DAPL were shut down has significantly decreased. Producers have had time to secure alternative crew transportation and weve seen crude oil prices increase making rail transportation, even more feasible. We believe that even if DAPL is shut down quickly after a ruling in April, the earnings impact to ONEOK in 2021 would be less than $50 million of EBITDA, assuming the pipeline was shut down for the remainder of the year. We remain confident in the long-term resiliency of our business are well-positioned in integrated assets and especially our employees in these challenging times. While world events have resulted in volatile times, ONEOKs businesses remain resilient and will continue to provide essential services for decades to come delivering much needed natural gas liquids and natural gas to our customers. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOKs fourth quarter and full year 2020 adjusted EBITDA totaled $742 million and $2.72 billion respectively, representing year-over-year increases of 12% for the fourth quarter and 6% for the full year. Distributable cash flow was nearly $520 million in the fourth quarter, a 6% increase compared with 2019. We also generated more than $100 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid during the quarter. Our December 31 net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.6 times compared with 4.8 times at the end of 2019. Proactive financial steps taken through 2020 and earnings contributions from completed projects enabled us to improve our leverage metrics, despite challenging market conditions. We continue to manage our leverage toward 4 times or less and maintain 3.5 times as a longer term aspirational goal. We ended 2020 with no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility and approximately $525 million of cash. ONEOK is now rated investment grade by three major credit rating agencies. As Fitch issued a first time rating of BBB with a stable outlook in November, additionally, Moodys and S&P both reaffirmed ONEOKs investment grade ratings in 2020. We proactively paid off upcoming debt maturities and were opportunistic in repurchasing nearly $225 million of debt through open market repurchases in 2020. We currently have no debt maturities due before 2022. We ended up achieving cost savings of more than $150 million last year, compared with our original plan and would expect a good portion of that to carry over into 2021. Last month, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 on an annualized basis, unchanged from the previous quarter. As Terry mentioned, with yesterdays earnings announcement, we provided 2021 financial guidance, including a net income midpoint of more than $1.2 billion and an adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $3.05 billion, a 12% increase compared with 2020. Earnings expectations are supported by increasing producer activity, ample capacity and efficiency gains from recently completed projects and the continued opportunity for flared gas capture and strong gas to oil ratios in the Williston Basin. Additionally, due to a higher natural gas and propane prices driven by extreme weather across our operating areas over the past two weeks, our Natural Gas Pipelines and Natural Gas Liquid segments benefited from our ability to supply increased demand to meet critical needs during this time. We expect benefits from these short-term opportunities to be partially offset by decreased natural gas and natural gas liquid volumes from well freeze offs, that will still represent upside to our guidance midpoints. Our 2021 guidance assumes first quarter WTI crude prices at the current strip and assumes a range of $45 to $50 for the remainder of the year. From a producer activity standpoint, we are also assuming volume levels that correspond with a $45 to $50 WTI rage. Sustained higher prices could lead to a hooker volume ramp and drive earnings towards the higher end of our guidance range. Total capital expenditures for 2021, including growth and maintenance capital are expected to range between $525 million and $675 million, a more than 70% decrease compared with 2020. This range reflects improved crude producer activity levels and volume expectations, including capital to complete the Bear Creek plant expansion and associated field infrastructure later this year, which we referenced on our third quarter call. Conversations with producers in the Dunn County area of the Williston Basin remain extremely positive. And the likelihood of needing this additional capital this year is high. The original adjusted EBITDA multiple of four to six times still holds for this project with the multiple and incremental remaining capital being much lower. In terms of 2020 capital expenditures, we completed an expansion of our Elk Creek pipeline in December. Another example of low capital operating leverage on our system, a $100 million expansion increased capacity by 60,000 barrels per day, and provides added transportation capacity on our most efficient pipeline out of the Williston Basin. As we like to remind people every 25,000 barrels per day of NGLs from the region contributes approximately $100 million of annual EBITDA to ONEOK. Financially, our priorities in 2021 remain largely unchanged with our primary focus on debt reduction and investing alongside our customers. Ill now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operations.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Ill start with a quick recap of fourth quarter operations and then discuss 2021 growth drivers. In our Natural Gas Liquids segment, fourth quarter raw feed throughput from the Rockies region increased 13% from the third quarter of 2020 and 24% year-over-year. In January, propane plus volume from the region exceeded our fourth quarter average, despite typical winter weather challenges. In the Mid-Continent region, ethane on our system decreased nearly 40,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter, compared with the third quarter, primarily due to high ethane inventories from hurricane related petrochemical outages in the third quarter. In the Permian Gulf Coast region, raw feed throughput volumes were lower in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter due to a short-term fractionation only contract that rolled off as well as a third-party plant outage and reduced ethane on our system. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segments. In the Rocky mountain region, fourth quarter volume  fourth quarter processed volumes increased 16% compared with the third quarter and 11% year-over-year as nearly all curtailed volume came back online. The return of volume with a high fee percentage in the Rockies combined with lower volumes in the Mid-Continent drove the segments average fee rate to $1.04 per MMBtu compared with $0.94 per MMBtu in the third quarter. In the natural gas pipeline segment, we reported another strong quarter of stable fee-based earnings with strong capacity 95% contracted. The segment continues to provide ONEOK with from fee-based earnings driven by end-use demand. You can try and more detailed information on our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results in our earnings materials. Now moving on to 2021, as we sit today, the operating environment is much improved from even a few months ago. Conversations with our customers remain positive and were seeing increasing producer activity across our operations. Our 2021 volume guidance at the midpoint would result in a 7% increase in total NGL volume and a 5% increase in total natural gas processing volumes compared with 2020. In the natural gas liquid segment, we expect the volume growth to be driven by projects completed in 2019 and 2020, continued growth from well completions and the ramp of new plant connections and expansions completed in 2020 and 2021. In the Williston Basin, the recent low cost expansion of our Elk Creek pipeline increased its capacity to 300,000 barrels per day and increased our total NGL capacity from the region to 440,000 barrels per day. With this expansion, we had ample capacity to transport our Williston and Powder River Basin volumes exclusively on the Elk Creek pipeline at the beginning of this year, which reduces transportation costs paid to Overland Pass Pipeline and is expected to result in $40 million to $50 million in additional earnings in 2021. The Elk Creek expansion provides added capacity, which is also available for potential ethane recovery if needed. Our current NGL volume guidance does not assume Williston Basin ethane recovery, but does assume partial Mid-Continent ethane recovery. We currently have approximately 100,000 barrels per day of incremental ethane opportunity in both the Mid-Continent and Williston Basin. As we look forward domestic and international petrochemical demand and export dynamics look strong, but we continue to expect ethane volumes on our system to fluctuate throughout 2021. With available pipeline capacity between Conway and Mont Belvieu, the differential between the two market centers is expected to be near the historical average of $0.02 to $0.03 per gallon for ethane. However, so far in 2021, weve seen prices for several of the NGL products fluctuate outside of this range, recent extreme winter weather, and the resulting increase in propane prices in the Mid-Continent created opportunities for both our optimization and marketing business, as we utilized our pipeline and storage assets to meet market needs. In the Permian Gulf coast region, our firm contract to offload 25,000 barrels per day on third-party NGL pipelines expired at the end of 2020. And these volumes are now flowing on our system, eliminating the additional transportation costs. From the federal lands perspective, we estimate that less than 10% of our NGL volume is from acreage on federal lands, primarily in the Permian Basin. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segments. Higher 2021 volumes are expected to come from the Williston Basin. There are currently 16 rigs operating in the basin with eight on our dedicated acreage. Our conversations with producers indicate that in the current price environment, they expect to bring more rigs back to the region once weather improves in the spring. There also remains a large inventory of drilled, but uncompleted wells in the basin with more than 650 basin wide and more than 375 on our dedicated acreage. The capture of additional flared natural gas in the region remains an opportunity. The latest North Dakota data, which is for the month of December showed the state achieving a record of 94% gas capture. This leaves approximately 185 million cubic feet per day still flaring in the basin with approximately half of that on ONEOKs dedicated acreage. Increasing rig activity, flared gas capture, DUCs and continually increasing gas to oil ratios provide solid tailwinds for volume growth in the region. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect a 17% increase in 2021 processed volumes compared with 2020, which would result in an average volume greater than 1.2 billion cubic feet per day. We expect to connect between 275 and 325 wells in the region this year, which would be 25 completions per month at the midpoint, the segments average fee rate is expected to range between $0.95 and $1 in 2021 based on our volume mix assumptions for the year. As we said previously, nearly 80% of our dedicated acreage in the Williston Basin is on private lands. The smaller portion on federal land is primarily outside of the cooled basin acreage, where little to no activity was expected. In the Mid-Continent region, we expect to connect 30 wells in 2021. The same amounts connected in 2020. Flat rig activity and natural production declines in the region are factored into our volume guidance for the year. However, producers have indicated that was strengthening commodity prices, particularly natural gas and NGL, they are evaluating adding rigs in the stack and scoop areas. In the natural gas pipeline segment, we expect transportation capacity to be approximately 95% contracted in 2021. As weve experienced recent extreme cold temperatures across our operating areas, weve continued to transport natural gas on our extensive natural gas pipeline systems to the markets that need it most. Our well-positioned assets and connectivity within these customers have enabled us to provide services on our pipelines to meet higher demand during this critical time. When both the Permian and Mid-Continent areas were experiencing a significant reduction of supply due to well freeze-offs ONEOKs more than 52 billion cubic feet of natural gas storage assets, which are primarily located in the Mid-Continent were able to bridge the supply shortfall by providing natural gas to meet critical needs. Some of the gas provided from storage is owned by ONEOK, which we retain through our transportation contracts and sell as part of our normal course of operations. While these were short-term weather events, our preparedness and our ability to quickly react and adjust services for customers highlights operational flexibility and financial upside in an already financially stable segment. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. Were in a good position, both financially and operationally as weve begun 2021. And the current market environment is showing positive signs of increased producer activity and increasing demand for our products. As we said many times before, we will remain focused on delivering value to our shareholders in a profitable, safe, and environmentally responsible way. Thank you again to all of our employees for the work you did in 2020 to prepare us for growth in 2021. Operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first from Wells Fargo, we have Michael Blum.
Michael Blum: Great. Good morning, everybody. Just wanted to go back to just the comment you made earlier about the guidance that you thought, you perhaps trend towards the high end of the guidance range. I just want to make sure I understood that correctly. Is that just based on year-to-date pricing versus whats baked into your guidance? Are there other factors thats leading maybe is that conclusion?
Terry Spencer: Yes. I think  well, I think your primary  what youre looking for right now is what are producers going to do in 2021? And theyre providing us pretty good indications and given the stronger backdrop in the commodity price, prices that were seeing, theyre giving us good signals, but its going to take a little bit of time for them to commit the rigs and do the things that theyd like to do in response to those prices. So lets take a little bit of time. Right now, the body language is very good and as Kevin indicated in his comments, it looks really positive. But as we see these prices, now weve got crude with a six handle on it. Our producers even further going to increase their activity. And we think that they will. But its going to take a little bit of time to sort through that. Kevin, you got anything to.
Kevin Burdick: No. I think that, thats what were hearing. The feedback from producers continues to be positive about strengthening activity, given these prices. So well just watch that play out.
Terry Spencer: So Michael, Ill just make a comment. You remember where we were last year at this time. We issued guidance in February and two weeks later, we got hit with a global pandemic. So you might understand, a bit of conservatism here in the guidance that we put forward. But were certainly giving you a pretty good body lane and what we think is going to happen in 2021. And well adjust it accordingly. We wont wait till the end of the year to adjust the guidance. Well jump on it pretty quick, if we continue to see the strength that were seeing today.
Michael Blum: Great. I appreciate that. And then probably a little greedy with this question, but I think historically at this point of the year, you have given kind of like a soft directional guidance for the following year. So in this year would be 2022, you obviously havent done that this year. But just some  based on some of the data that you provide in your own slides, I think youve said you can kind of back into that. I think you need kind of low-20s rig count to keep production flat in 2022. So I think were right now, we were about 15 rigs in the backend. So if thats still the right math, and it sounds like based on your prior comments that, you think youre heading in that direction, but youre just not sure yet?
Terry Spencer: Ill let Kevin take that question.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, I think that  I guess I think that the 20 counts probably a little high based on  now that may hold crude flat, but again, with the rising gas to oil ratios and our ability to continue to capture more and more of the gas that number, is to me, is probably somewhere a little bit less than 20 of rejuvenate.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Good morning guys. Just wanted to get a follow-up on the 2022 kind of impacts, kind of a two-part hypothetical question here. So given the plan to finish building the Bear Creek 2 plant, all else equal, then I realize in a hypothetical situation or scenario. Is it fair to assume that there will be incremental EBITDA going into 2022 versus kind of where youre standing with respect to 2021? And then, in terms of how it goes through the plant, but then also when we think about Elk Creek and we think about the heat rate at Northern Border, does the possibility exists that you get incremental recovery of ethane that ends up on to Elk Creek as a result of hitting limits on the Northern Border?
Terry Spencer: Yes. So in general, like a Bear Creek first, and yes, youre thinking about that, right. I mean, I think when we paused it originally we were probably thinking more of the 2022 timeframe, but now that were looking at it by the end of this year, that would absolutely add incremental EBITDA into 2022, if we go forward and finish it by the end of the year. So that is absolutely an upside to how we were thinking about 2022 previously. As it relates to Northern Border and potential for ethane, yes, that potential still exist as you see volumes continue to increase in the basin. On the gas side that high BTU gas is going to go into the Northern Border. And so the map just continues to work that the blended content of that, heat content is going to go up, which over time is going to drive the need to pull that back down a little bit. Northern Border proposed the tariffs, forecast him to go back and work with shippers and producers and other stakeholders in the region. Those kinds are understanding  those conversations are underway at this point. So well watch that for an official tariff that might get filed, that I would expect that process to continue over the coming months.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And maybe its a follow-up to the first questions that were asked. I was just wondering if you can give us a little bit around sensitivities and just clarify one of your responses to Michaels question. Is there like an EBITDA percent of NGL that we should be thinking about that you can share with us in terms of how we think about modeling? And then just in answering the question about the rigs, you said it was below 20. If I do my math, you needed 25 wells to stay flat per month, when I divide that by two, as I think about two wells per rig that should bring you more to around 13 or 14 rates. Im just wondering if you can clarify those points.
Terry Spencer: Okay. What was your first question again? Sorry.
Shneur Gershuni: Just wondering, when I think about changes in NGL prices and impact to changes, and even unless theyre like a 5, 10 change at NGL would equal X amount of dollars in EBITDA, as we sort of think about your guidance range. And then the second part was about how many rigs you need specifically to keep yourself flat versus growing. You said below 20, but it sort of sounds like it would be the low teens if I do my math correctly.
Terry Spencer: Okay. So on the first  and on the just commodity pricing, given how heavy fee-based we are and how much hedged we are, theres really not as massive or a significant move in pricing just with our  were so fee-based at this point. Yes, with an improving, commodity backdrop, you are going to get pick up a little bit, but its not  were not talking about hundreds of millions of dollars there. On the second question, I do believe, I do agree that its  the number of rigs we believe weve made is in more of that mid-teens-ish, is what were thinking there is we look at that in our owns material, we have kind of a different  it shows different completion rates and what that would do to our gas production over time. And I think thats the key. So much is written about, what the basin needs to hold production flat. All that is typically crude oil-based and again, with the strengthening gas to oil ratio is the number of rigs we need to hold gas production flat is quite a bit less than that. But weve put that number in the mid-teens.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. That makes perfect sense. If I can slip the one last one in. The timeline on the green investments that were mentioned in the prepared remarks, is that something that can happen relatively soon, or do you need some sort of tax incentives to be passed. Is it kind of like a three-year view or is this something that can happen in the next 18 months?
Walt Hulse: Yes. Itd be more near term. I mean, weve got that is worth thinking about that some of the smaller investments in these projects that Terry mentioned. But as opportunities present themselves on a larger scale, well consider them and with the appropriate return thresholds.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. Thank you very much. I really appreciate the color today.
Operator: Well move on to the next question. Its Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe if I could start with the fee-based rate for G&P assumed in guidance is $0.95 cents to $1. You came in above that in 4Q and I would think Bakken production only increases while Mid-Con decreases this year. So shouldnt that support a fee-based rates similar to what we saw in 4Q if not better. So is that just conservatism, and is there a cap on this fee-based rate at some point?
Chuck Kelley: Christine, this is Chuck. Id say when we put our forecast together, we go ahead and we breakdown, whats the mix of our producer volumes by contract. So as we did that, these different contracts have varying levels of fee as a component of total value. So based on this projected mix of volumes, we feel comfortable in the $0.95 to $1 range. We may have quarters word in fact, exceeds that because the mix may be a little bit different than what we originally assumed. And weve seen some of that obviously here in Q4. So you could see some to the upside above the dollar, but we feel pretty confident in the $0.95 to $1 range.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then if I could also move on to some of the prepared remarks talk about some tailwinds, which sounds like its going to materialize first quarter, or at least first half, you talked about the NGL spreads, providing opportunity for the NGL segment, but then you also talked about, 52 Bcf of storage that you have in the Mid-Con. And you talk about retaining some of that and selling it as part of your normal course of operations. Just to clarify, does that mean you are selling gas into the grid? And if you could also give us some color on, whats the max deliverability rate on the storage? Like how much gas can you take out of the storage each day?
Terry Spencer: Christine, I let Chuck handle that question.
Chuck Kelley: So, Christine, the storage is were referring to are located in Kansas, Texas, and Oklahoma with the largest of that 52 Bcf, call it, 46 Bcf in Oklahoma, remaining fields in Texas are about another four or five in the balance up in Kansas. So yes, as we transport gas, we do retain some fuel that becomes equity for us. And we have an ongoing normal course of business. We go ahead and well store that gas. We have a sales program portfolio where we look in the forward strip relative to weight cogs as anyone would. And choose our  how we want to monetize that equity gas. We also keep some gas available, obviously for unexpected situations, market movements and what have you. And we setup each way  each year this way. So it happens this year, we setup and this event occurred. So we were able to participate in these market prices that you may have seen here in Oklahoma and Texas. And Im sure well talk more about that in the Q1 earnings call.
Christine Cho: And any color on max withdrawal rates?
Chuck Kelley: I dont know if we publicly have provided that in the past, but just generally in Oklahoma, when were fully pressurized you could see us withdrawing as high as 1.4 Bcf, 1.5 Bcf a day. Our Texas numbers, obviously the caverns are smaller, so youre more in that $350 million to $400 million a day again, when theyre pressurized.
Christine Cho: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Next question will come from Tristan Richardson with Truist Securities.
Tristan Richardson: Good morning. I appreciate all the commentary around the assumptions for 2021. Just wanted to follow-up on a previous question with respect to rigs in the Rockies, I think just on the range of completions you guys have talked about for the year. Do we need to directionally seen any improvement in rigs from your customers to achieve the range? Or should we think about ranges, thats a range of outcomes or just the current state of race today?
Kevin Burdick: I think the way we look at it again, back to the original remarks, as weve talked to our customers and in a lot of these conversations were taking place with crude in the $45 to $50 environment. Thats the activity levels that we kind of have baked in. Very recent conversations with the strengthening of the commodity strip, those conversations are starting to get stronger as far as the amount of activity. So thats the way, I guess we would think about this in our remarks around the range and Terrys comments about us trending towards that upper end, if we see the current commodity environment hold because we do believe customers will bring more activity at the current price environment, if it holds.
Tristan Richardson: Sure. Thank you. And then just on the CapEx. I think in previous quarters, you guys have talked about $300 million to $400 million a year as a potential kind of new run rate. And can you talk about the current guide and whats embedded in that. Should we think of that maybe that incremental spend is purely the Bear Creek expansion? Or just at least you bridge that gap between the previous range you guys have talked about hypothetically?
Walt Hulse: Sure. So if we just kind of put the $300 million to $400 million discussion in context that was initially made back when crude use, back in the summer, when crude was in the $30s. So even at a $45 to $50 level assumption, you expect a lot more activity, which is built in. So thats one part. Bear Creek 2, youre right, yet thats probably little over $100 million of that number. And then the rest, if you think theres another $100 million where weve found opportunities, for example a compression replacement and expansion project on one of our interstate pipes. Thats not only going to provide additional capacity, more reliability and reduce our emissions footprint. Were doing some work down on Mont Belvieu to expand our storage position. Thats a good project. Were also doing some work in Belvieu to expand our distribution network and get more direct connected to a few customers. So those are things, again, none of them by themselves, each one is, $20 million, $30 million, $40 million, but you had three or four of them together and theres another $100 million. So theyre all good projects, theyre strong return projects. And we found those opportunities. So were going to go execute on it.
Tristan Richardson: I appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And moving on, we have Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning. Just wanted to dig into the guide a little bit, is some of the buildup there. When you talked about kind of the potential for increased activity, if current commodity prices hold or these producers more on the public side or the private side? Just trying to get a feeling for who might be increasing activity here? And just curious if the GOR ratio is that continues to improve over time, kind of  how  do you have any thoughts quantify as far as how you think that ratio kind of improves over time, thats at least in your forecast?
Terry Spencer: I will let Chuck handle it for both those question.
Chuck Kelley: Yes, Jeremy. So to your first question, Im sorry, I was thinking about the GOR question. Give me your first question one more time, if you dont mind.
Jeremy Tonet: Yes. Just as far as a commodity price is holding, theres the activity tick up. Is it more from the public or private, larger or smaller, just trying to get a feel for who could be increasing activity here?
Chuck Kelley: Sure. No, its a combination. I mean, obviously, youve seen a couple of the public say that the CapEx position that they said, theyre going to hold that for 2021 pending, some of its dapple, some of it at the time, but they said that we run a $45 to $50 crude environment. So theyre rethinking that a little bit, obviously. But its a combination of the large capitalized publics plus some of the privates up there. And then as far as the GOR question, GOR has increased in the past  just in the past year, a 15% year-over-year. And I think we point out in our slide, 63% since 2016. So pretty significant increases, particularly this last year, seeing that 15%. So when you think about it, theyre rising over time as pressures decline. So more of that trap gas is released relative to crude and producers have confirmed this for us as well. But they think the implied GOR will continue to rise. And I cant say, its at 15% year-over-year, but its definitely rising.
Terry Spencer: Pretty significant tailwind for us.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks. And just, if I think about the CapEx as you guys outlined there. Does that include Bear Creek right now, or if the current commodity price holds and theres these upside opportunities, where would you expect kind of CapEx to fall out? If these things come to fruition, as you outlined here,
Kevin Burdick: Bear Creek is included in that CapEx number, of the midpoint of $600 million.
Terry Spencer: And Jeremy, this is Terry. The only comment Ill make about that about Bear Creek is way you have to think it. The two-thirds of the capital to complete Bear Creek 2s its stuck, its equipment, its material, its a lot of labor and that we incurred thats on cost. And so this small amount that Kevin is referring to the returns on an incremental investment are huge. And so it makes a lot of sense, given the specifically in Dunn County where were seeing this activity, it makes sense to address it. And so I just cant stress enough how outstanding the economics are, how compelling the economics are in completing that project.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And so maybe just to clarify, if the upside opportunity emerges, as you said, the CapEx as you budgeted it now kind of covers that being able to service that production, or would CapEx move up a little bit more from here to kind of cover that higher activity level?
Terry Spencer: It would just move up. It would just move up just a little bit, because youre only talking about well connect capital at that point, which is the most efficient capital we spend in the portfolio.
Jeremy Tonet: Understood. Thats helpful. Okay, great. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: You bet.
Operator: All right. Next from the Tudor Pickering Holt & Co., we have Colton Bean.
Colton Bean: Good morning. So just circling back to some of the comments on throughput. It looks like for the midpoint of the gathering guide at falls, just below Q4 2020 levels. Can you frame the expected trajectory over the course of the year? Or asked differently, does that assume exit to exit declines or that were entering the year a bit softer and then rebounding thereafter?
Walt Hulse: Up in the Bakken, we exited 2020 at a very good level, right, at 1.2% range. Of course, here in Q1, you typically see weather and weve seen the effects of weather throughout February and back-half of January, primarily February. So if you think about the shape of the volumes throughout the year, Q2 and 3 have always been very strong for us at the beginning of Q4 equally strong December is kind of dicey again for weather.
Colton Bean: Got it. And then just sticking on the GMP side, theres a little bit wider gap between gathered and process volumes in Rockies in Q4. Based on the guide, it looks like that actually closed in 2021. Where you offloading more volumes during the quarter or anything else to point to?
Kevin Burdick: Im sorry. I missed the last part. I couldnt understand that.
Colton Bean: Yes. Just interested if you were potentially offloading some volumes to third-party processing or what drove that gap in the Bakken? And then why exactly that would close over the course of 2021?
Kevin Burdick: No. We werent offloading. So Im not  I just cant answer what gap youre referencing because frankly I didnt see it. There was nothing from a business perspective, there was nothing going on. So it would just be kind of normal course in fluctuation of the gathered versus process. I mean, protect going on, it could have impacted it.
Colton Bean: Understood. Yes, it was just a little bit wider than historical, so one of the follow-up. Appreciate it.
Operator: All right. Next question will come from Mizuho, we have Gabe Moreen.
Gabe Moreen: Good morning, everyone. I just kind of want to follow-up on the events of the last week or two. And Im just wondering from your perspective, I know its early days here, you think thered be conversations with customers in terms of the guys winterizing assets, clear theres only so much you can do about well freeze offs, but just wondering in terms of processing plant liability. And then kind of as you look at the portfolio overall, whether its gas pipeline capacity coming out of Canada, or whether its some of your gas storage assets, where do you think therell be some upper pressure, maybe on some of the rates you can charge for those services.
Chuck Kelley: Gabe, this is Chuck. In the Williston, obviously we purchased winterize packages for everything. I mean, weve got heat tracing equipment in our plants, weve purchased Arctic packages for our compression. So this is a normal course of business in the Bakken. Weve seen minus 30 and our amazing people are still out there running these assets. Its incredible. And we dont have very high utilization, very rarely offline. What freezes is the wellheads come on down to Oklahoma and Texas, and frankly, thats just a value proposition for producers and frankly processors and pipelines. If you go ahead and winterize and spend whatever that percentage extra might be for a small event, and Id say going forward, people are going to really look at those costs and see if in fact somebody is willing to pay for that service.
Kevin Burdick: Gabe, this is Kevin. The only thing I would add is when you think about the last several weeks, our pipeline assets performed incredibly well. I mean, they ran and they were up virtually the entire time and our field folks did a fantastic job, keeping those assets available and reliable, whether it was pipeline, compression, dehydration, all the equipment that we needed to run, they ran virtually uninterrupted. Our processing plants ran extremely well too, even in the mid-continent. Really the only disruptions we had was when power  when we lost power, which was really, there was  that we could do about that. But I do think, obviously with all  theres been a lot of conversation about how the market should respond and the availability and having storage assets and having pipeline assets. Were always looking for those opportunities to expand those  expand that footprint. And well be there if some of the customers need some additional services we can with our integrated assets, we can provide them.
Gabe Moreen: Great. Thank you. And then maybe if I could just follow-up sort of on the  I appreciate the initial DAPL comments in the opening remarks. Just as a follow-up to that, I was wondering how warm or not warm conversations on potentially converting Elk Creek would be with producers. And I dont recall you ever having put out a CapEx figure on that conversion, is that something youd be willing to kind of take a stab at?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, I think you referred  Gabe this is Sheridan. I think you are referring conversion to Elk Creek to a crude oil system. Right now we continue to see really good volumes on the NGLs on Elk Creek system that I dont think a conversion is in the cards at this time. In fact, through this whole February, as Chuck said, that Bakken Basin performed the best out of all the regions on the NGL system, their volume dropped the least amount. And its already almost back to pre-winter or pre-storm level at this time. So I think right now we dont see a case where were going to convert Elk Creek to crude oil system, and then talking with the producers up there, a lot of them are securing space on other pipelines in anticipation of a DAPL going down and on rail terminals. And as we talked to the customers, they really dont see an impact to their volumes if DAPL would go down at this time.
Terry Spencer: And Sheridan, theyre hesitant to sign up for long-term capacity to underwrite and then the crude line or this is crude conversion. So I think thats a factor as well.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, thats the main factor. I mean, they dont want to sign up for a long-term deal to convert this system when they already have viable outs today.
Gabe Moreen: Got it. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Next question will come from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good morning. On Slide 10, the wedge that youre calling the flared gas capture opportunity, what level of flaring would that represent on your acreage if you did capture it all? And is it realistic to capture it all? What do you see as needing to happen for you to get it?
Kevin Burdick: Jean, this Kevin. Weve gotten that question a lot. Clearly, we think we can capture more gas then  capture some of the gas thats still flaring. Even with the percentages coming down well into the single digits, we think theres more room to drive that even lower. A lot of our conversations that were having with customers now, especially some of the larger ones, theyd like that number to be zero. Now that ultimately is going to require some  would require some kind of changes in the way we work together and in the way, some of the equipment on the wellhead is structured. But again, it can be done and were encountering those conversations with the customers. In total, does it go to zero? Probably, not. With operational disruptions, et cetera, but weve got many customers now working with us, wanting  just from a variety of perspective, from a value capture, from an emissions perspective just bringing that number as low as we possibly can.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. Thank you. And then Bluestem starting up and energy transfer suggesting they may try to connect some of enables NGL production to their own system. It seems like there may be some challenges to one of the dominant mid-con NGL system. Can you comment on the medium term pressure that you see here and how much it could kind of erode your business?
Terry Spencer: Well, what I would say about the energy transfer enabled deal is that in the Mid-Continent, our  the volumes on our system are tied up under long-term contracts, which had many years left on them. We dont specifically talk about contract terminations or volumes on the system that we think our contracts right now for the immediate future are very well secured.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: All right. Next we have Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. Good morning, guys. And thanks for all the clarity on the call today. I just had a clarification  yes, can you hear me?
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Sunil Sibal: So my question was on the sensitivity you provided in case the DAPL was shut down sometime in April $50 million for 2021. I was curious, how would you characterize that impact say in 2022, if DAPL were to remain shut down and we were in at $45 to $50 WTI price environment.
Terry Spencer: Well, we havent gotten into trying to speculate what would happen beyond that. Theyre well into the EIS process. I mean, I think we believe that theyll ultimately be successful, even if it gets shut down that they would get the proper easements and permit approvals. But again, you could maybe do a little extrapolation if you wanted to think about 2022. But again, thats going to be dependent on if youre in this type of price environment its going to be  its not going to be a big number because again, rail is continues to be very attractive at these commodity prices.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. And then on the  sorry, go ahead. Then my second question was on the Elk Creek expansion that you completed in fourth quarter. I was curious, was there any MVC commitments tied to the season or its just the original MVC is kind of a hole for the expanded capacity also?
Terry Spencer: I think the answer is expanding Elk Creek to 300,000 did a couple of things for us. And when we mentioned on our calls is that ensures that we can move all our volume off of OBDL on to Elk Creek and still have ample capacity to be able to bring ethane out as the Bakken if that is needed as well, that was the preemptive stuff, why we did the expansion of Elk Creek.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: All right. And then moving on, we have Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thank you for taking my question. Just real quick high level. How are you thinking about the path to de-leveraging and kind of the balance between using incremental cash flows and at the high end of your guidance, your free cash flow positive after the after the dividend it seems. How youre thinking about allocating cash flow between dividend growth between new growth projects or between paying down debt.
Walt Hulse: Well, Mike, what I would say about that is that we always want to make sure that we have  if we have a good project that is going to serve our customers needs, that were going to make that investment. As Kevin mentioned, weve got smaller projects here that were kind of adding to our system around. We dont have any larger capital plans on the horizon in the near future. Its really more additive to our existing system. So youre going to see the bulk of that free cash flow go to debt reduction here in the near-term and our de-leveraging plan is right on track. And these commodity prices hold at this level its to do nothing but accelerate.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Walt Hulse: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: All right. And everyone looks like our last question is going to come from Derek Walker with Bank of America.
Derek Walker: Hi, guys. Can you hear me?
Walt Hulse: Yes.
Derek Walker: Got it. Yes, just on the levered one. Just wanted to  whats your confidence in kind of hitting the 4 times versus the 3.5 times, I was going to kind of get into that 3.5 number. Is it more growth  incremental growth projects? Is it just the operating leverage you have in your existing systems? Just any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Walt Hulse: Well, I think that whats going to take us to 3.5 and 4 is definitely going to be the continued growth that we see on our system that obviously is going to produce cash flow and help us from a debt reduction standpoint. So well try to do it from both sides of the coin. But its the continued growth that we see on our system over time. And the fact that we have so much headroom within our asset base, these pipes have lots of capacity, so that weve got great operating leverage going forward.
Derek Walker: Got it. And then maybe just one on the mid-continent talks about, I think pretty well connected this year with potential, I think you talked about some customers actually adding activity. Do you see that kind of plateauing into 2022 or how do you kind of think about the mid-continent kind of coming out of 2021?
Kevin Burdick: From a well connect and activity perspective and I think as we move through 2021, weve had a lot of conversation about that. As you move into 2022, its going to be a function of commodity price. I mean, if were still sitting in this, if youre still sitting in a $55 million to $60 million type environment then youre going to see an increase in activity. And I believe that activity will sustain. Theres a lot of drilling locations up there left, a lot of inventory debt and I think youll see that sustained through 2022.
Terry Spencer: Kevin, its not all just about crude price. I mean, obviously NGLs and natural gas are a big driver for the activity up there. And youve seen stronger natural gas prices, particularly as we come through the polar vortex as we come out the other side of this thing, I think fundamentally  the fundamental backdrop is were going to see a higher values for nat gas and certainly for liquid. So those will also be important drivers for producers, particularly in Oklahoma.
Derek Walker: Got it. And then maybe last one for me. Yes, definitely I think recovery, I think in guide [indiscernible] Williston, I think some in mid-con, but kind of mentioned there could be some volatility. So I guess, how do you think about the ethane recovery throughout the year?
Terry Spencer: Well, what we see for the ethane recovery in the mid-continent we do feel well see some ethane recovery this year probably maybe a little bit more in the second half of the year. Obviously, what we see now is in February, a lot of the petrochemical facilities have gone offline due to loss of power and gas. So in February, we did see a lot of ethane rejection across our system. Ironically, even as we come out the other side and the drop of gas prices today, we are starting to see an increased amount of ethane recovery in the mid-continent. But we do think throughout this year, it will be a little lumpy, which more weighted towards the back half of the year. The fundamentals for the petrochemical industry are very good right now, as we see the price of propylene and ethylene very high. And as these plants come back, get it back on, theyre going to run at very high rates. So we think well see more ethane recovery potentially in the first half of the year, which would drive us more to the upside of our guidance.
Kevin Burdick: So complete recovery from the hurricane impact like last year, were through all that.
Terry Spencer: Were through all that piece and now just got to get them back up after the storm.
Derek Walker: Great. I appreciate it, guys. Thanks for the time.
Operator: All right. And everyone that looks like thatll conclude our Q&A session today. Id like to turn the floor back to Andrew for any additional or closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Okay. Thank you, Greg. Our quiet period for the first quarter of 2021 starts when we close our books in April and extends until we release earnings in later April. Well provide details for the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and have a good week.
Operator: And once again, folks, that does conclude our call for today. We do appreciate you joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'm about to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning and welcome to ONEOKs third quarter 2020 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued trust and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President Natural Gas. Third quarter results were driven primarily by curtailed volume returning to system and increased ethane recovery. The majority of volume across our operations has now exceeded pre-pandemic levels and better represents our volume expectation prior to the widespread production curtailments seen last quarter. Were in a much improved position today than we were on our second quarter call. Back in July we discussed the expectation for curtailed volume to return in the third quarter. Now just three months later not only has essentially all of the curtail volume on our system returned, but returned at a faster rate than expected. This momentum especially from September is expected to continue with the fourth quarter being just as good if not better than the third quarter which also sets a good baseline into 2021. Additionally, we've successfully captured more previously flared natural gas in the Wilson basin leading the effort to reduce flaring even as production has returned in the region. In August we captured a higher percentage of gas than the statewide average of 92% and opportunity we've discussed for numerous quarters. Infrastructure put in place earlier this year and the hard work of our employees allowed us to help producers in the region decrease flaring allowing both our customers and ONEOK to benefit from previously uncaptured earnings. This is just one example of our continued focus on customer service, safety and environmental responsibility despite the challenges of operating and conducting business during a global pandemic. Operating conditions have greatly improved from second quarter lows but there is still uncertainty around the pandemic and the economic recovery. Despite that uncertainty we remain focused on continuing to meet the needs of our customers. Our conversations with producers are increasingly positive as commodity prices have shown some stability and demand has shown positive signs. These conversations have now shifted more towards 2021 indicating the potential for an improving pace of drilling and completion activity next year. As curtailed volumes have recovered so have our earnings. We now expect 2020 earnings to approach the midpoint of our previously provided outlook ranges which Walt will discuss shortly. On our last call I shared outlook for 2021 and today the backdrop is even stronger. Volumes in the Bakken ranch throughout the third quarter setting us up for a strong fourth quarter in 2021. We expect to achieve double-digit earnings growth in 2021 compared with our new and updated 2020 outlook. As it relates to our dividend distributable cash flow this quarter exceeded the dividend by $125 million. With earning strength expected in the fourth quarter and into 2021 we expect distributable cash flow to cover both the dividend and our 2021 capital expenditures as we continue on our path to deleveraging. As always has been the case the dividend remains a potential lever we could pull if our deleveraging expectations are not being met. This quarter demonstrated the reliability of our assets, the unwavering dedication of our employees and the resiliency of our extensive and integrated businesses. While the second quarter was challenging our employees remain focused on serving customer needs and preparing our assets for the eventual return of curtailed volume. The key infrastructure projects we completed prior to the pandemic create substantial capacity for future growth as markets continue to improve. With that I will turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you Terry. ONEOK's third quarter 2020 net income totaled $312 million or $0.70 per share. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $747 million a 15% increase year-over-year and a 40% increase compared with the second quarter of 2020. Distributable cash flow was more than $540 million in the third quarter, a 12% increase year-over-year with a healthy dividend coverage of 1.3 times. We also generated more than $125 million of distributable cash flow in excessive dividends paid during the quarter, an 11% increase compared with the same period last year. Our September 30 net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.6 times as we saw a significant step up in EBITDA in the third quarter from the return of curtailed volume across our system. We continue to manage our leverage towards 4 times or less and maintain 3.5 times as our long-term aspirational goal. The end of the third quarter with no borrowings on our $2.5 billion credit facility and nearly $450 million in cash. Last week the board of directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis unchanged from the previous quarter. We took proactive steps earlier this year to provide ample liquidity and protect our investment grade ratings. We've demonstrated our ability to access the capital markets even during challenging market conditions and have been able to use our balance sheet flexibility to help guide financial decisions throughout this period of uncertainty. We've proactively paid off upcoming debt maturities and have been opportunistic in repurchasing more than $200 million of debt through open market repurchases in the first nine months of the year. From an upcoming debt maturity standpoint we have no maturities due before 2022. As Terry mentioned with yesterday's earnings we announced that we now expect 2020 net income and adjusted EBITDA results to be higher approaching the midpoint of our previously provided outlook ranges. Our improved outlook is supported by the volume strength we're seeing across our assets, the pace that curtailed volumes returned and our ability to capture previously flared gas results in an earnings run rate more in line with our original 2020 expectations and providing a clearer path to our continued deleveraging. Yesterday we also announced the early completion of our two remaining active projects the Bakken NGL pipeline extension and Arbuckle 2 pipeline extension which were originally scheduled for completion in the fourth quarter 2020 and first quarter 2021 respectively. Third quarter CapEx included dollars pulled forward from the fourth quarter and 2021 for these projects and routine growth capital primarily for well connects and maintenance activities. We have now substantially completed all of our active capital growth projects. We continue to expect a run rate of total annual capital expenditures including maintenance and growth of $300 million to $400 million. This base level of annual capital will be maintained until producer activity levels provide visibility to volume growth warranty expanded capacity. But as always we remain flexible with the ability to restart projects quickly as customer needs change. Recent conversations with producers particularly those who have substantial positions in the Dunn County area of the Williston basin are indicating that more rigs will return in 2021 resulting in a potential need to restart [indiscernible] 2 construction if this activity materializes. Even in this scenario our 2021 capital expenditures would likely be in the $500 million range. We now expect our cost saving measures to total approximately $130 million this year compared with our 2020 plan. Well, through September we've recognized approximately $100 million in savings and continue to look for additional efficiencies. From a financial perspective we remain well-positioned with ample liquidity and balance sheet strength to withstand additional market uncertain should it arise and to be opportunistic in the event of a faster-paced recovery. I'm now turning the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operations.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you Walt. With nearly all curtailed production back online by the end of the third quarter we saw a large step up in NGL and natural gas volumes across our system compared with the second quarter. NGL volumes across all of our operating areas exceeded pre-pandemic levels in the third quarter and natural gas volumes processed in the Rocky mountain region have reached more than 1.2 billion cubic feet per day in October. I'll start with the natural gas liquid segment. Third quarter NGL raw feed throughput volumes across our system increased 7% year-over year and 15% compared with the second quarter. In the Rocky mountain region which is our highest margin business volumes are averaging approximately 245,000 barrels per day in October; a 14% increase over our third quarter 2020 average and a more than 50% increase from the second quarter 2020. The return of curtailed production, completion of ducts and increased flared gas capture have contributed to higher volumes. As the primary NGL takeaway provider from the region our natural gas liquid segment not only benefits from the gas captured on ONEOK's dedicated acreage but also from many third-party plants across the basin. With more than 130,000 barrels per day of available capacity out of the region and the ability to expand capacity with minimal capital if needed there is a long runway to grow with our customers. We expect NGL earnings in the region to see additional benefit from two other areas as we move into 2021. First the early completion of our Bakken NGL pipeline extension in August. This lateral extension connects our system with an area of Williston county which has historically had limited NGL transportation options. In addition to the original contract with an expanding third-party plant in the area we've also contracted two additional third-party plants near the pipeline. Volume has already started flowing on the extension and we expect a continued ramp into next year. As a reminder this project is also supported by a minimum volume commitment. Second we expect to transport all of our Williston and Powder River Basin volumes exclusively on our Elk creek and Bakken pipelines beginning very early next year once we complete a low-cost pump expansion on Elk creek which will reduce our transportation costs paid to overly fast pipeline. In the mid-continent region, we completed the Arbuckle 2 pipeline extension in August earlier than our target date of the first quarter 2021. This extension improves connectivity from our Elk creek pipeline to the Arbuckle 2 pipeline allowing increasing Rocky mountain volumes the optionality to be transported to the Mont Belvieu market hub. Increasing petrochemical demand and favorable ethane economics resulted in significant ethane recovery across the mid-continent region through a good portion of the third quarter. By raw feed throughput volumes in the region increased 9% compared with the second quarter 2020 largely due to ethane recovery. Ethane volumes in the mid-continent averaged more than 245,000 barrels per day in the third quarter 2020 compared with the second quarter 2020 average of 210,000 barrels per day. A more than 17% increase driven by nearly all of our mid-continent plant connections recovering ethane in July and August. In September we saw a reversal back to ethane rejection as pricing and volumes were impacted by decreased petrochemical demand due to hurricane Lora. We have seen some plants in the mid-continent return to recovery this month that expect ethane volumes on our system to fluctuate for the remainder of 2020 and into 2021. In the Permian Gulf coast region, third quarter NGL raw feed throughput volumes increased 16% compared with the second quarter 2020 benefiting from returning volumes and approximately 30,000 barrels per day of short-term fractionation-only volumes. Even without the additional short-term volume, raw feed throughput in the region still increased more than 6% compared with the second quarter. As we've mentioned previously we continue to offload 25,000 barrels per day on third-party NGL pipes. This firm contract will expire at the end of the year which will eliminate this expense as we move these barrels to our integrated system. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Total natural gas volumes processed increased 13% compared with the second quarter 2020 and processing volumes in the Rocky mountain region have reached more than 1.2 billion cubic feet per day in October; a more than 16% increase from our third quarter average. The return of curtailed volumes to our system in the Williston basin drove the third quarter average fee rate to $0.94 per MMBTU compared to $0.71 in the second quarter as a number of high fee percentage, large producers brought production back online; some sooner than expected. Going forward we expect the average fee rate to remain around this level. There are 13 rigs currently operating in Williston basin with eight on our dedicated acreage which is an increase from the past few months. Drilled but uncompleted wells in the basin totaled more than 850 with approximately 400 on our dedicated acreage. We said previously that it takes 15 to 20 well completions per month to maintain our processing volumes around 1.1 to 1.2 BCF per day. This is a relatively small number of well completions considering we have averaged 28 completions per mark through the first nine months of 2020. When we factor in our current volume level a significant duck inventory that is profitable to complete in this price environment, the rigs currently on the system and some additional flare gas opportunities we have ample inventory to support current volume levels through 2021 assuming no increase in producer activity during that time frame. Of course, any additional producer activity in the basin would present upside resulting in more wells drilled and/or completed driving higher volumes and ultimately earnings for ONEOK. Slide 7 in our earnings presentation has been updated to illustrate the ability to maintain current natural gas processing levels with minimal well completions. This slide is meant to be a representation not guidance or an indication of our expected future volumes. For reference there are four to five frat crews in the region today each with the capability to complete five to six wells per month. In addition to the substantial inventory of wells on our system other volume tailwinds in the basin include rising gas to oil ratios and additional gas capture opportunities. [indiscernible] have continued to increase and remain well over two to one the result of activity concentrated in the core of the basin and maturing wells. This level of gas production suggests that even in a flat or slightly declining crude oil production environment we could still see stable to increase in gas volumes in the region. The latest North Dakota data which is for the month of August showed 215 million cubic feet per day still flaring in the basin with approximately 80 million cubic feet per day of that on ONEOK's dedicated acreage. Statewide flaring in August decreased to 8% compared with nearly 20% at the same time last year. As Terry mentioned flaring on ONEOK's acreage was below the statewide average; a reflection of the infrastructure that our employees have worked hard to construct and operate in the region over the last decade and specifically over the last couple of years. With 1.5 BCF of processing capacity we will continue to push to capture even more of the gas produced as we move through 2021. In the natural gas pipeline segment we reported another strong quarter of stable fee-based earnings the firm capacity remaining nearly 95% contracted. The segment continues to be a stable fee-based earnings driver for the company providing essential natural gas to end-use customers. Terry that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. That was a great overview of a strong quarter headlined by the expected return of volumes and a solid demonstration of the resiliency of our businesses. This quarter was not only marked with volume related milestones and accomplishments. In August we issued our 12th annual sustainability and ESG report and just recently we received notable ESG related recognition including being recognized by just capital for the second year in a row as the industry leader in the energy equipment and services sector and receiving an award for environmental excellence from the Environmental Federation of Oklahoma. We're always valuing ways to improve our ESG related performance and enhance our long-term business sustainability. This includes planning and preparing for potential changes to our industry, customer needs or the broader demand for energy. There has been much discussion about the future state of the energy industry and we get asked frequently what our role could be in a low carbon world. The answer is simple ONEOK has always promoted a business culture prioritizing safety, environmental responsibility and profitability in all that we do and as we always have we will do our homework to gain knowledge and prepare diligently for the future as our industry continues to meet the world's energy needs in an environmentally responsible way whether it's actively evaluating the use of renewable energy at our facilities, developing carbon capturing projects or accepting the feasibility of using our extensive assets for hydrogen transportation and storage. Our commitment to environmental stewardship remains steadfast. Our assets, their location and our midstream skill set is compatible with many of these types of projects, but they still need to make strategic sense for our business. In many cases technology or large scale application may be further into the future but we'll continue to evaluate opportunities that fit within our businesses. Because we absolutely believe that our large and extensive infrastructure has a vital role to play in the long-term energy transition and while we evaluate new and future opportunities, I want to thank our employees for doing what they do best operating our assets safely and responsibly and transporting the essential NGLs and natural gas that are used to heat your home, generate electricity and create the many end-use products that help us lead healthier, safer and more productive lives. With that operator we are now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Its James on for Jeremy. I just wanted to start with the 21 guidance here for double digit growth and just given where the strip is today, what are the price assumptions built into that guidance and then just looking at the -- with the well completion guide is, it's kind of the ballpark for well completions needed to kind of maintain flat volumes of Bakken?
Kevin Burdick: Well, Jeremy you were a little hard to understand there. But let me take the first question about growth into 21. We talked to producers in this price environment, they clearly the ducks are profitable to complete. I mean, I think that's the focus especially as we look as you move through the rest of this year in the early parts of 21, you've got that substantial duck inventory in the Bakken and you've seen some rigs come back. So as we've said before in a $35 to $40 environment the ducks work well as far as the economics, you get north of 45 that's when we saw rigs come back in material ways in 15 and 16 and I think our conversations with customers today that would still hold. So if we think about 21 we're absolutely not thinking about it in the context of a $55 environment. It's more in-line with what the strip would look like today. Chuck do you want to add there.
Chuck Kelley: No, I would agree with those prices and as far as what you referenced with producers, we've had discussions with our Bakken producers and looking at their 2021 forecasts and drill schedules and what they've provided the expected pace of completion the first half of the year to be duct-driven as Kevin mentioned however they anticipate adding rigs in the spring. So I think as you look at the strip in 21 that pretty much supports that statement.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks for the color. So [indiscernible] understand my next question here you're just looking at the kind of 15 million in the G&P segment that was kind of captured here from improved commodity prices. I guess it's a higher level can you talk about how much of that is an element of an improved volume and kind of fee component there. If there's any color you can apply there I appreciate the color on the GPC going forward assuming that $0.94, but any color you could provide there?
Kevin Burdick: Jeremy we're struggling. Did you, was your question about the fee rate in the G&P business.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Sorry. Just basically what is the kind of breakdown of color provided in terms of how much that is attributable to improved volumes versus kind of the improved commodity prices?
Terry Spencer: Jeremy this transmission is really bad. It must be a bad connection. So we're having real difficulty understanding and just hearing the question. So what we could do is try to get to you offline, but I think Chuck if you've got any commentary around the fee rate that might be helpful for Jeremy.
Chuck Kelley: Sure. We can talk about pretty much what drove our increase in the fee rate quarter-over-quarter. If you think about it's really a combination of two things, basin mix and contract mix. So as we saw our Williston basin curtailed volumes returning our system particularly from our large producers, these producers have contracts that are fee only or have a high speed with a lower percentage of proceeds component and at least curtail volumes came back on. Then what happened was the mix of the basin contribution to that average fee changed. In Q2 it was more toward a 50/50 mix between mid-continent and Bakken with of course mid-continent being the lower fee margin business. So here in Q3 we saw our Rockies volumes contribute upwards of approximately 60% of that calculation. So combination of large producers, higher fee, higher fee levels, top components all lowest in volume related and roughly 60% of that basin mix in the average of the basin weighting in the average drove that fee rate to $0.94. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning guys. Hopefully my connection is okay. Just to clarify before I ask my questions, you were basically saying the makeshift of where the volumes came from is part of the reason why the rate went up is that way to characterize your last response?
Chuck Kelley: Yes. That I mean again, it's a shift in both the volume of from the mid-con kind of declining in the higher percentage of Williston volume and then also the mix of contracts that we had a lot of our larger higher fee based customers brought gas back online in a sizable way in the third quarter.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. Thank you for that. Just moving on to my questions here. First of all, thank you for providing all the incremental data on well connections and that slide 7 where I kind of feel like I can choose my own adventure. So when I think about slide 7, I just want to understand how to utilize it correctly here, suggest 15 average well completions in months sort of keeps you flatter I guess that's about 180 completions for the year for 21. And to grow you've got the 25, 35, 45 scenarios and then as you mentioned in the call you've got 400 ducks that are in the money right now but maybe they're not all in the right areas. So when I sort of piece that together if I see let's say half the ducks get completed and you mentioned that you have eight rigs running on your acreage which gives you what two wells per week per month. It sort of seems like you can be materially above the 28 average well completion that you sort of highlighted and that you saw in September. So when I think about that all else equal that you can have a material increase in production year-on-year. Am I being too simplistic in my analysis here or is that the way to be thinking about that? 
Kevin Burdick: No. Shneur this is Kevin. I think that's exactly how we're looking at it. I mean that duck inventory that provides you a substantial runway for growth and when you add the rigs on top of that and we do expect to capture a little more gas and that gives you that volume strength that we foresee.
Shneur Gershuni: In prepared marks I believe Terry mentioned that double digit growth for 21 versus 20 which one of those scenarios are you assuming? Is it 25, 35? Just trying to understand that.
Terry Spencer: We're thinking about this in the context of a $40 to $45 type environment as we look at 21.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then maybe it's a follow-up question one of your peers yesterday sort of was talking about Williston in general that the producers are becoming significantly more efficient, more stages per frac, longer laterals and so forth and sort of intimated [indiscernible] are going to continue to go up and maybe even faster than they had previously. Is that something that you're hearing from your customers as well too? Is that something that you're seeing as well also?
Chuck Kelley: Yes. This is Chuck. We are seeing that from our producers, I think we mentioned on last call lateral lengths we're seeing pushing out to the three mile level. We're also seeing increased frac stages. So we're seeing greater production efficiencies and of course the GORs continue to rise in the basin so when you look at those three components it's all painting a pretty good picture for these new wells coming online.
Terry Spencer: And Chuck that the bottom line to that is that break-even costs continue to come down significantly. 
Chuck Kelley: That's correct. 
Shneur Gershuni: Yes that's super helpful and maybe one final question if I made for Walt and I sort of think about the results for the third quarter by annualizing and look at your leverage compared to that you start to get down to the 4.6 zone and so forth. As we move into next year what's the leverage ratio on an annualized basis that you would like to get to before you would consider buybacks?
Walt Hulse: Shneur I would answer that question in a couple of ways and I think that we will continue to see that leverage ratio trend in the right direction. We had when we originally gave 2020 guidance, we gave some expectations of what we thought leverage would get to at the end of 20 early 2021 and that kind of got moved out 12 to 15 months based on the pandemic. So I think we'll still trend in that range towards four times and whether that happens on a run rate basis at the end of 21 or early 2022 we'll be headed to the right direction.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. Thank you very much today for all the color. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christine Cho with Barclay.
Christine Cho: Good morning everyone. I'm going to apologize in advance, but I also want to discuss slide 7. When you talk about the 15 to 20 wells a month in the Bakken volume flat at the 11 or 212 BCF a day level. When I combine that with your comments that you expect to be at least 3 billion in EBITDA next year that would to me at least imply Bakken volumes would have to hold at least from current levels. Does your CapEx of 300 million to 400 million next year indicate that level of well connects of 15 to 20 per month in the Bakken or how should we think about that?
Kevin Burdick: Yes Christine this is Kevin. Yes, I think we would expect to be able to do that. Again we've got available processing capacity so all we're talking about and that we would need would be well connect capital to go connect well we might need to add a compressor or the station or something like that and that would be within --
Christine Cho: And then if I could actually move over to [indiscernible] pass and I appreciate the comments that you made in prepared remarks about taking your Powder River Basin over to Arbuckle but pass earnings were down in 2Q and that level continued into 3Q. Did you guys move volumes from the Bakken NGL and [indiscernible] path to Elk creek or did a large customer get off the system and I thought the pipe was previously full so should we think that there is available capacity on that system going forward?
Sheridan Swords: Christine this is Sherdian. We did move some volume off of OPPO onto the Elk creek Bakken system in both the second and third quarter and probably the run rate you're at today is what you'll see through the fourth quarter and then once we get into 2021 we will, our plan right now is to remove all the volume off that system. Once we get into 2021 by moving that volume off the system and moving on our own system, we think due to costs savings that we will see we should see approximately a $40 million or $50 million uplift in earnings.
Christine Cho: Okay. To do that is you going to have to expand Elk creek? 
Sheridan Swords: As Kevin says the earnings call we have a low cost expansion that we will complete by the end of the year and that will allow us to move all the volume off of OPPO onto Elk creek. 
Christine Cho: Got it and sorry one follow-up. Did you have to pay anything to take your volumes off of [indiscernible] for the last quarter, this quarter and next quarter?
Sheridan Swords: Well we have some contractual obligations that we can't get into at this time, but any obligations or any contracts we have will not extend into 2021.
Christine Cho: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tristan Richardson with Truist Securities. 
Tristan Richardson: Hi good morning. I really appreciate all the comments on 21 particularly clarifying some of the assumptions in an especially uncertain environment. I mean you've noted that customer conversations are encouraging and rigs could potentially return in the spring which would presumably accelerate that completion activity. So to the extent of return of rigs occurs as you noted any of that return would be upside to the general assumptions driving the 3 billion plus 2021 expectation?
Kevin Burdick: I mean I think there's clearly the potential for that. I mean that's what we talked in our opening remarks that would be upside. I think that it just will boil down to how the producers and our customers determine to deploy that capital as far as completing ducks and rigs coming back. The other thing that rigs coming back if you think about the lag of those rigs coming back that also then would start supporting growth into 22 as well.
Tristan Richardson: Really helpful and then I guess just conversely, do you see outside of a reduction in completion or pace of completion activities? Are there headwinds out there that would prevent you to that sort of $3 billion number in 2021?
Kevin Burdick: I mean that's the, again just other than you said that the activity levels and we all know the risk that would come with that might drive that but other than that the thing I think we just keep coming back to is, we've got plenty of processing capacity. We put a lot of compression and field infrastructure in place to get the gas to the plant. We've got an NGL system that's got available capacity. So we're sitting in a good spot to be able to grow with our customers with very little capital.
Chuck Kelley: Right. Kevin I think the only thing I would add to your comments is that as we talk to the producers certainly they're making their decisions based upon a longer term view of commodity prices. Now certainly you could have, you've got OPEC risk out there you've got COVID-19 risk out there in the universe that certainly could impact these numbers as we think about 2021. But the fact of the matter is the industry has done some things not only the way they operate but also in the way they manage their markets and you've got new pricing indices in the gulf coast that could mitigate and ensure that the phenomenon we saw in the springtime in terms of negative crude prices does not happen again. But we're pretty certain we're not going to see that type of scenario materialize. But certainly we'll see month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter volatility and commodity prices like we always do but we don't anticipate even if we see some of these other phenomena other things happen like OPEC or the COVID. We don't think we're going to get back in a scenario like we saw in the springtime which was a huge impact to what transpired in the second quarter seeing those negative crude prices.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Blum of Wells Fargo. 
Michael Blum: Thanks good morning everybody. I wanted to ask about ethane for next year really. Do you I guess what ethane price do you think you need to see recoveries in the Bakken and would you consider, are you considering a lower tariff to incentivize some of those ethane recoveries next year and then apologize for the multi-part question here. But did any of that in any ethane recovery assumed in your forecast or expectation for double digit growth in 21? 
Sheridan Swords: Michael this is Sheridan. What I would say on your first question the ethnic price that we would need in the Bakken obviously depends on what the gas price is in the Bakken, but it'd be fair to say that we would need to be in the $0.40 per gallon range at current fee structure that we have today. We always have the ability to flex our fees or change our fees to incent that thing to come out, if we think that's the best thing to do. But a lot as it depends on obviously we have to get still half the price with fees be higher than the gas price in the area. If we look into 2021 we are not assuming any ethane recovery out of the Bakken in our double digit growth. We are only assuming a partial ethane recovery through the year in the mid-continent for the double-digit growth as well which is where we could see some upside as we go into next year based on the volume happens. But nothing does represent kind of a call option that we have that volume doesn't show up that would force people to go into different areas to extract that thing where if volume does not show effect like we think it is next year you could see I think the economic coming out of the Bakken which would support our growth rate for next year.
Chuck Kelley: And Sheridan we do see some additional demand coming as well right.
Sheridan Swords: That's right. There is a one cracker that's to be completed here in the fourth quarter of 2020 and then we also have an export duck that is to complete and that has been completed and we'll start exporting full capacity into next year. So we see good demand coming on for next year and that's why we're I think we could see some ethane recovery for partial of the year in 2021.
Michael Blum: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Good morning guys. First question for Walt, just with respect to leverage and getting to that 3.5x aspirational targets. I think I heard your response to the scenario that the strategy at this point is maybe steady deleveraging with cash over time which sounds like obviously that's been pushed out a little bit. Just curious beyond some of the repurchases you guys have done in the open market well maybe there's less opportunity there going forward and the appetite to get more proactive here and specifically what I'm thinking about is just on the M&A side and using M&A as a tool to maybe both delever as well as do something strategic not sure if anything screens for you on that front?
Walt Hulse: Well, we think we're going to naturally delever and I think we're shooting for four times first 3.5 aspirational over time, but I think getting to that four-time goal is the near-term target. We obviously are going to look at opportunities that come along the way and if something was attractive from a delevering standpoint that would be a positive but I don't think that would be a driver for us to do a transaction for sure.
Terry Spencer: Yes. This is Terry. So while we always think about acquisitions and opportunities to add assets or businesses to a business that's just an ongoing process. It's really not our top priority right now and managing the core business, managing the balance sheet is our priority and we're just going to stay focused on that. We'll stay focused on our operations. We're going to stay focused on serving our customer needs and optimizing our business where we can. The fact of the matter is as I've said before M&A opportunities are kind of few and far between and particularly those that are actionable, so we don't spend a whole lot of time worrying about that. So right now in this environment stay focused on core business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein. 
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi good morning. What drives the flaring that is so happening on your acreage and in the Bakken more broadly and what would need to happen next year to get it even lower or is it just kind of a bit of a depth?
Kevin Burdick: Okay. Jean its Kevin. I think you look at the flaring that's left there, we'll still have some isolated pockets of wells and/or pads that haven't been connected and/or we have some maybe pressure limitations. We're working to continue to put in some infrastructure. Obviously, we've taken out a lot of that flared gas as productions come back online. As we've said before you're always going to have some level of flaring especially when you look at IP rates and if a producer brings on a very large pad and we're not building for the peak 30 days or things like that. So those are the types of you've got operational disruptions that could cause some flaring from time to time. So we'll continue to work to obviously look for ways to capture all the gas that's out there connect a few of these and continue to watch the pressures on our system.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. So maybe a little bit lower, but not I shouldn't put in like a tiny number. Okay and then I just wanted to follow-up on a question that was asked previously. Ethane price would not have to get all the way to $0.40 for you to start sort of recovering and getting some benefit from the Bakken right? I think that for your sort of portion that you market yourselves you could do it at a lower price and make money. 
Kevin Burdick: Yes. We could always assure it and we could always lower our fees to make it economical to recover ethane. We always have that option and that's not only with our own volume coming off of our plants, but that would also be with a lot of third-party volumes and this is something that times we've done in the mid-continent when we think ethane may be coming into rejection to get it to come in earlier, we've reduced our fees at times to four months to allow them to come in. So we have that option and if we see the opportunity to do that and we think that it makes sense that it's definitely within our wheelhouse to do that ethane to come out. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gabe Moreen with Mizuho.
Gabe Moreen: Hi good morning everyone. If I could ask maybe a little bit about what you're seeing with the [indiscernible] for gas here being northeast through the Bakken. If you're in the kind of legacy areas like the mid-con you're seeing maybe some refracts or producer interest and some stuff like that how discussions are happening?
Chuck Kelley: Gabe this is Chuck. With that last question regarding mid-continent producer discussions I didn't quite hear. 
Gabe Moreen: [indiscernible]. 
Chuck Kelley: Yes. That's a good question. We have seen some refracts here this year particularly last quarter and I understand there's a couple scheduled here in our Q4. Other than that mid-con producers we've spoken with and have shared their preliminary plans for 2021 and they're indicating a restart in activity in both the stack and the scoop. We're seeing two to three rigs they're talking about next year for us right now on our acreage maybe there might be a fourth and what they're citing is strengthening mid-continent gas prices for some of the gas your place particularly in the stack. I hope that gives you a little bit of color of what we're hearing in the mid-con.
Gabe Moreen: That was helpful. Thank you and then two quick clarification housekeeping questions from you. One is kind of what the expectations now are for total second half 2020 CapEx given future spending I think some of that pulled forward and then the other is just the guidance on double digit growth for 21. Well, I think last quarter you sort of [indiscernible] being on or off are there any sensitivities of being on or off?
Kevin Burdick: Gabe this is Kevin. I'll start and Walt can chime in. If you think about CapEx yet clearly with what we spent in the third quarter with the acceleration of some of these projects and the activity levels we saw, we are at the high end and capital usually tapers off in the fourth quarter especially with weather and other things. But we'll definitely trend towards the upper if not slightly above the top end of the range there just given what we've spent year-to-date. But when we think going forward about capital the notion that we can continue to spend the kind of a run rate to continue to grow with the customers in that $300 million to $400 million range would be solid. Absolutely, we're thinking about DAPL and continue to think about it our outlook remains consistent with what we said before that if you would experience or the industry would experience a DAPL shutdown, we still believe it would be a mid single digit type growth for DAPL even in that scenario because our customers as we talked to them, they definitely have been exploring alternatives. Some of them have been securing some rail. Some of them have been moving some volumes to other pipes and getting allocation there. So, we do feel we could, we'd be able to support volume growth even in DAPL shutdown scenario.
Gabe Moreen: And Sheridan you have anything to say in the event of DAPL shutdown could happen you got the potential to be a crude transporter out of here with some of the pipe you currently operate?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We still continue to look at whether or not we would take the Bakken the 12-inch pipeline into crude service. As Kevin said, producers out there have really looked at alternatives and there is a lot of alternatives beyond ours as well. Rail being one of them and all the other pipes that may be in a better position to start up quicker than our Bakken pipe could be to convert. But we still continue to investigate that to make sure it's ready to move if we need to do that based on that DAPL shutdown.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto: Hey good morning everyone. So recently we've seen an acceleration of upstream M&A. What are your thoughts on this trend I mean clearly having larger better capitalized shippers on your system would be a positive if you see any potential impacts of contracting and do you think that the larger more integrated midstream companies like 10 that can offer services across the value chain benefit here?
Kevin Burdick: Elviro, its Kevin. I don't know that we see, I don't think we definitely don't see that as a negative. We've got a lot of very large customers. I don't see it as a contract issue at all. We've got the vast majority of our contracts are long term. They are locked in and we like those contract structures. The companies typically, the larger companies we deal with many of them have a long-term view of this play especially as we think about the Bakken and they're looking at the reservoir over the next 10 to 20 years, not over the next three to four. So that can help from the standpoint of just good strong weighable growth over time. But I don't know that we see it as a significant pro or con either way.
Elvira Scotto: Got it. Thanks and then quick follow up to that M&A question. I appreciate the comments that you made on one M&A, but I'm interested in your thoughts on overall trend that you think you can see in midstream M&A potential?
Kevin Burdick: Well, -- that there's going to be significant consolidation this year and I've been wrong every time. But we do see some potential for private equity to potentially look at placing assets into the market. The fact of the matter is that most of those assets don't really make a whole lot of sense for us, don't fit with the bigger picture. We've done a lot of work in trying to manage our risk as it relates to well head risk and so we've done a real good job there contractually as well as how we operate our businesses. So really if to the extent we do see some things in mid-stream space specifically in gathering processing most of those as I see the landscape today don't really fit that well and certainly carry with it some risk that we don't like. But broadly speaking on a large scale for midstream that there is some, there you see some assets that are being spun out from other companies and utility companies and some of those assets are assets that look pretty good that could make some sense. But certainly we're going to look at the landscape and be diligent and disciplined in the way we consider acquisitions just as we always have.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. 
Sunil Sibal: Yes, hi, good morning. I just had question and if you could remind us in terms of your volumes or the cash flows explorer with a drilling on federal/Indian lands?
Kevin Burdick: I'm sorry I couldn't make out your question the connections kind of garbled so maybe try the next question. If we can hear that and understand that one the connections really the audio is really poor.
Sunil Sibal: Yes. Hi. So my question second question was related to the capital allocation strategy. I was wondering if you have had any recent questions with the rating agencies and how does that trigger in terms of your temporary allocation strategy? Thanks.
Kevin Burdick: We have regular conversations with the rating agencies. We have throughout the pandemic, we had regular conversations even before the pandemic. I think they've been supportive. You can talk to them directly. We have been pretty clear about our view on the dividend that it's part of the capital allocation process that our Board thinks about every quarter. But we really see the strength of the business and given in coverage we saw in this quarter and what we think about moving forward is supportive of the delevering that we're seeing and that the rating agencies have been looking at as well. So I can't speak for them, but we have a very regular dialogue with them.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Thanks for that. I'll take my other questions offline.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides: Yes. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. Real quick we've had lots of M&A questions and they've all been at that acquisition or company acquisition driven. I kind of want to take it on the other side. Is there anything within the ONEOK portfolio that might not necessarily be quarter ONEOK, you have a pretty integrated system but just curious how you're thinking about that as a potential path to accelerating the deleveraging process. 
Kevin Burdick: Yes Michael we always think about that. We're kind of constantly thinking about asset rationalization. The fact of the matter is that we really don't materially have any assets that we don't consider to be core to our business, but we may have assets that certainly don't generate quite as high a rate of return as others. So we'll always think about those and we'll look at the landscape and the market opportunity and to determine if ownership of the whole value for somebody else is greater. So we're always thinking about those kinds of things that as we sit today our asset collection all fit together pretty well.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then two data questions just on the third quarter first of all, in the Bakken what were the well connects in September like what was the cadence I know you did 55 during the quarter. But what was the well, what was the cadence of that through the quarter? Was it significantly higher in September as an exit run rate relative to what it was at the beginning of the quarter?
Chuck Kelley: Michael this is Chuck. I know our quarterly number was 55, frankly I don't have the monthly breakdown in front of me. So really can't speak to how it broke out over the quarter. We do have line of sight here in Q4 to a similar type number.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. 
Craig Shere: Hi guys thanks for taking the question. Congratulations on terrific quarter. First based on conversations with producers any color around the magnitude of potential wells and recovery that you can see on your dedicated acreage from the spring and kind of dovetailing with Terry's comments about break-even costs falling are you getting body language that $40 is the new 45 that like what we saw in 2015/2016 as far as spurring material rig count recoveries?
Kevin Burdick: Hi Craig this is Kevin. Yes the conversations with producers has gone great they continue to get better and better. Chuck reference lateral links and the frac the completion technologies, etc. In addition to that they have figured out spacing and they know exactly what they're going to get. I think one of the charts we provide not in our quarterly materials I think in our investor decks shows year-over-year how the type curves have improved every year and numbers right now are about increasing activity not about shutting activity down.
Craig Shere: Great. Thank you. And last question sorry I just saw a dig deeper into your insights and environmental comments. I mean some things we kind of vaguely heard of is lithium extracted from oilfield brine hydrogen perhaps cheaply derived from old oilfields and in-field liquefaction perhaps assisting with flaring in certain basins acknowledging there is a lot of uncertainty over the next five to ten years are there any areas of transition that really stand out more for you or you could potentially participate?
Terry Spencer: Well let me just hopefully this will answer your question. I think when we think about our participation in a low carbon environment it comes in basically three buckets. The first is reducing the impact from our existing assets and reducing our emissions. We've got opportunities to do that in terms of enhanced pipeline integrity and leak protection or leak prevention. We also have opportunity with electrification of existing natural gas-fired equipment and in particular compressors and so we've got it. We've done some of that work. We've got a lot electric drive machines in service and that's growing and we're looking at continuing to do that as we go out over a 10-year time frame that can and will have a significant impact in lowering our emissions. It also gives us the opportunity to consume solar and wind derived electricity which obviously is good thing to do. The other bucket is the transportation and storage and logistics for hydrogen as you mentioned CO2 carbon capture we've got some projects that we're looking at this pretty low hanging fruit to reduce the amount of CO2 emissions and then we're thinking about renewable fuels and other inert types of commodities or substances. So that fit very well with our existing capability and assets and then we're thinking about other low carbon projects that just make strategic sense for our business and that could be investing in some new technologies potentially hydrogen fuel cell technologies we could have investments in those types of projects direct investments in some of those. So the thing so profitability, business strategy all these things have to make sense with that broader objective to be a profitable company and to make us better and to reduce our impact on the environment. So that's kind of how we think about it. We're probably not going to invest in projects that absolutely don't have a fit or don't connect in some form or fashion strategically with our core business and our core capability as a midstream company. So that's I think a long-winded answer to your question. Hopefully that helped.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Derek Walker with Bank of America.
Derek Walker: Thanks everyone. I know we're over the hour and I appreciate you squeezing me in here. I'll maybe ask one and ask the other questions offline. But if I heard you right during the formal remark, I believe you said captured 100 million cost reductions this year up to this point and I know there is some commentary around costings with shifting volumes around it was kind of 40 million to 50 million. Does that 40 to 50 is that incremental to that 100 or have you excused some of that already and I guess a very general sort of cost reduction target that you have going into next year. I think you had 120 last year, but I just wanted to make sure that's not incremental to what you've already talked about?
Kevin Burdick: Now this is Kevin. The $40 million to $50 million I believe you're talking about that Sheridan reference that's related to kind of margin in our NGL business and so that would not be included in the $130 million we expect to save from a cost savings. So those are two separate things. 
Derek Walker: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from [indiscernible]. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi thank you for taking my question. Just following up on Derek's question on the cost. We saw a meaningful step down in the OpEx in the G&P segment just wanted to understand if there was something unique happening this particular quarter or if this is a decent runway to think of from a total OpEx perspective going forward?
Kevin Burdick: With the step down you're referring to the compared to the second quarter or you compared to last year? 
Unidentified Analyst: Both actually because I guess you have many more plants that are online this year than last year and yet your numbers were meaningfully lower. So just curious if there is something happening unique to this quarter if this is the new normal in terms of cost structure? 
Terry Spencer: No. I don't know that I'd say it's a new normal, but clearly when we have worked really hard over the last several months really since the beginning of the pandemic to cut costs out wherever possible. So we are doing things like there is we have compressor stations that we can reroute gas and shut down compressor stations and there is a couple of plants in the mid-con that we have temporarily idle that pulls costs out. You don't need as much materials and services and probably the biggest driver is our contract labor. We are doing most everything ourselves at this point with our employees as volumes have left. So with some process improvements and other things we found we expect that some of that will be sustainable but you would also expect that as our volumes pick back up the cost will go up a little bit just from that additional volume.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Ziola at this time I'd like to turn conference over back to you.
Andrew Ziola: All right thank you Sarah. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in January and extends until we release earnings in late February. We'll provide details for the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and have a good week. Thank you everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'm about to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to ONEOK second quarter 2020 earnings call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. During the Q&A session, we would appreciate it if you limit yourself to one question and one clarifying follow-up so we could fit in as many of you as we can. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued trust and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President Natural Gas Liquids and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President Natural Gas. I'd like to start by commending our employees who are continuing to operate safely and responsibly and remain focused on providing extra customer service in a challenging environment. In recent weeks, we've seen cases of COVID-19 increase across the country. In response, we've asked employees who are able to continue working virtually. For those critical employees who are reporting in person to operating sites, we continue to ensure that enhanced safety protocols are in place for their safety and for the safety of their families and communities. Second quarter results were interrupted by the pandemics effect on worldwide crude oil demand, extensive production curtailments across our operations and low commodity prices. After bottoming out in May and June, volume trends across our operating areas have sharply increased in recent weeks as customers have started to bring production back online with the recent stability in commodity prices providing positive momentum as we enter the second half of 2020. As a matter of fact, many of our facilities during July have returned to pre-COVID levels. For example, our July average total NGL raw feed volumes are exceeding first quarter average NGL volumes, benefiting from higher propane plus volumes in the Permian Basin and increased ethane recovery in the Mid-Continent. Williston Basin volumes have also strengthened significantly off the lows experienced in May. The earnings impact we saw in the second quarter reflects significant production curtailments in the Williston Basin where our earnings on a per unit of throughput are some of the highest due to the broad level of services we provide our customers. As curtail volumes recover to more normalized level, so too will our earnings. While volume trends are greatly improving, there remains continued global demand uncertainty due to COVID-19. We expect 2020 earnings to be at the low end of our previously provided outlook ranges, which Walt will discuss shortly. Despite these challenges, we continue to deliver value to our investors through the prudent management of our large strategic and integrated assets located in the most prolific NGL rich basins in the U.S. These assets are supported by strong, stable customer base and growing demand for the products we deliver. There have been many reports written on the possible implications of a DAPL shut down for ONEOK so I'll get right to it. Many producers in the region are developing contingency plans to address their oil transportation needs. While DAPL does currently provide meaningful crude takeaway capacity from the region, there are alternatives through other pipelines and substantial rail capacity. It wasn't long ago that nearly 800,000 barrels per day of crude were leaving the basin on rail. Specific to ONEOK we estimate 30% to 40% of DAPL crude oil volume is from the producers whose gas volumes are dedicated to our gathering and processing business in the Williston Basin. About half of those volumes have alternate methods of crude transportation currently available. This means that approximately 200 million cubic feet per day of nearly 1.5 billion cubic feet per day currently connected to our system is associated with crude oil production that may not have an immediate alternatives takeaway options. From the constant conversations we have with our producer customers in the basin, they remain committed to finding solutions to take away constraints. In our view, any impact from a DAPL shutdown would mostly impact 2021 providing some time for more solutions to develop. Even in an extended shutdown scenario, we estimate our 2021 Wilson basin natural gas processing volumes could approach our first quarter 2020 average of more than 1.1 billion cubic feet per day due to curtailed volumes returning, the capture of flared gas and the completion of drilled but uncompleted wells. Kevin will provide some additional data points during his remarks. At the beginning of 2020, we had all the assets in place to produce annual EBITDA of more than $3 billion. Our extensive infrastructure that now has substantial available capacity is still there, providing significant operating leverage to the upside, and no additional capital spending is needed to realize that earnings potential. As it relates to our dividends, with our business improving and volume strengthening, we don't see the need to take action on the dividends. We do recognize that it is a lever we could if our deleveraging expectations are not being met. Financially, we've taken the proactive steps to provide ample liquidity and protect our investment-grade credit ratings during the pandemic while continuing to return long term value to our shareholders. Our employees and management team are doing an excellent job in unusual conditions and I have tremendous confidence in them to see us through to the other side of this downturn. They found ways to successfully navigate industry challenges before and they will again. With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. Instead of a typical run-through of our quarterly financial performance, which was well detailed in yesterday's news release, I'll walk through a few of the strategic financial decisions we made during the second quarter and how those have positioned us for the remainder of the year. We completed two proactive capital market transactions, raising capital of more $2.4 billion during the second quarter, providing us additional liquidity and balance sheet flexibility in a still uncertain market environment. In May, we completed a $1.5 billion senior notes offering and used the proceeds -- a portion of the proceeds to repay the remaining $1.25 billion of our term loan agreement which was maturing in 2021. In June, we completed a public offering of common stock resulting in net proceeds of $937 million. Both of these transactions were undertaken to strengthen our balance sheet and provide a clear and accelerated path towards equity leveraging goals. We still intend to manager our leverage below 4x as business strengthens to pre-COVID levels and to maintain 3.5x as our long-term aspirational goal. Both transactions were successful in that respect. As we sit today, we have ample liquidity and balance sheet strength and flexibility at the end of the second quarter with no borrowings outstanding and our $2.5 billion credit facility and more than $945 million of cash. Interest expense increased in the second quarter primarily due to the settlement of interest rate hedges related to the earliest repayment of our term loan, resulting in a one-time impact earnings per share of $0.09 in the second quarter. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we certainly expect 2020 net income and adjusted EBITDA results to be at the lower end of our previously provided outlook ranges. As we return to volumes achieved during the early March 2020, we expect our earnings run rate to be in line with our previous expectations and to provide a continued path to deleveraging. We also expect total capital expenditures including maintenance capital to range from approximately $300 million to $400 million in the second half of 2020. Total annual capital expenditures including maintenance and growth of $300 million to $400 million will be maintained until producer activity levels provide visibility to volume growth warranting expanded capacity, but we remain flexible with the ability to scale capital back up quickly as our customers' needs. Last week, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis. We continue to look for cost efficiencies across our operations. So far this year, we have implemented measures across our systems, including optimizing assets, power savings, and discretionary spending reductions totaling approximately $50 million. We expect additional cost-saving measures in the second half of the year to result in total 2020 savings of approximately $120 million compared with our 2020 plan. I'm now going to turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operations.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, all. The backdrop we're seeing related to activity in volumes across our system has greatly improved since second quarter lows in May and June. Our recent conversations with producers have been focused on bringing wells back online, resulting in increasing volumes on our system and in some cases, producers are beginning to add completion crews and door rigs. Comparing our lowest average total monthly volume levels in the second quarter with our highest volumes reached so far in July, we've seen increases of more than 25% in NGL raw feed throughput volume and 20% in natural gas processed volumes. Our natural gas pipelines segment continues to provide stable fee-based earnings with firm contracted capacity totaling nearly 95%. The importance of these segment stable and predictable earnings is highlighted during times of market uncertainty and underscores the strong demand for natural gas we continue to see from our customers including electric generation facilities, utilities and industrial markets. Now let's take a closer look at current activity across our operations. In the Rockies region, we've seen a sharp increase in volumes in July, as Terry mentioned. Total NGL raw feed throughput volume from the region has reached more than 200,000 barrels per day in July and nearly 50% increase from May lows. Natural Gas volumes profits in the region have reached 945 million cubic feet per day in July, and nearly 35% increase from June lows. There are approximately 10 rigs currently operating in the basin, with about half on our dedicated acreage. Drilled but uncompleted wells in the basin total more than 950 with approximately 400 on our dedicated acreage. Our customers in the basin are some of the most well-capitalized producers in the industry and if communicated they're positioned to resume activity as commodity prices and the demand outlook improves. We're frequently asked what price it would take for producers to bring rigs back to the basin. But the important point right now is the price it takes to bring curtailed wells back online. We believe that if current market condition is sustained the remaining curtailed production will come back online during the third quarter of 2020. In the Williston Basin, we had approximately 1.5 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas connected to our system in March, which includes volume that had been captured on our system in volumes being flared. The latest data shows 220 million cubic feet per day was still flaring in the basement with 125 million of that on ONEOK's dedicated acreage, which provides a continued volume uplift opportunity for us in 2020. Our completed infrastructure is in place to capture this volume and no new drilling activity is needed to reach our pre-COVID volume levels. We are on track to complete the extension of our Bakken NGL pipeline in September of this year earlier than our previous target date of the fourth quarter. This new lateral will connect with an expanding third-party plant and will provide NGL takeaway in an area of Williams County which historically had limited NGL transportation options. We expect the lateral will provide additional NGL volume to our system as we enter 2020 and it includes a minimum volume commitment. During the second quarter, curtailments varied greatly across our producers. Some curtailed nearly 100% of their production and some curtailed virtually none. The percent of proceeds and fee components also vary across our customer contracts. Curtailments on large producer contracts with higher fees and lower PLP components were the primary contributor to our lower average fee rate. Another factor was that we experienced greater curtailments in our higher fee Rockies region compared with our lower fee Mid-Continent region. Given what we see today, with curtailed volumes continuing to return, we expect the average fee rates for the gathering and processing segment to reach pre-COVID levels of approximately $0.90 per MMBtu in the fourth quarter of 2020. In the Mid-Continent region, second quarter average NGL raw feed throughput volumes of 521,000 barrels per day increased compared with the first quarter 2020. Volumes from this region had reached over 600,000 barrels per day in July, a 15% increase compared with the second quarter of 2020 average. Ethane volumes in the Mid-Continent averaged 260,000 barrels per day in June 2020, compared with the second quarter 2020 average of 210,000 barrels per day, a more than 20% increase driven by nearly all our Mid-Continent plant connections entering recovery during the quarter. We expect ethane recovery on our system to continue through the remainder of the year due to strong petchem demand and favorable ethane extraction economics. In the Permian Basin, the connection of two new third party processing plants in the first half of 2020 and the full completion of our 80,000 barrels per day, West Texas LPG pipeline expansion in June position as well for future growth in the basin. With the expansion complete, we will continue to transition volumes away from third party offloads on to West Texas LPG. We are currently offloading 25,000 barrels per day, which will provide full transportation and fractionation revenue when they move on to our system in the future. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. With a challenging quarter behind us, there are opportunities ahead. What we've seen proven time and time again is that producers in the midstream industry are resilient, innovative and able to find solutions when market conditions are tough. We saw it in 2015 and in 2016 when producers were able to drive significant efficiencies in their drilling programs, and again in 2018, when the midstream industry worked together to add Gulf Coast fractionation capacity. From the ONEOK perspective, our management team will continue to be proactive and innovative in how we can become even more efficient. We remain focused on creating value for our stakeholders and continue to prioritize the long-term sustainability of our businesses. The events of 2020 have certainly been disruptive but have not distracted us from focusing on the right things. I'm proud of the resilience and focus with which our employees have approached the last several months in keeping our employees and assets safe and I am inspired by the way our employees and the company are navigating important social issues within our communities with compassion, understanding, empathy and generosity. We will provide more detail on these important issues and many others in our upcoming environmental, social and governance report, which will be available on our website in the coming weeks. This report is particularly important in times like these and staying focused on the right things is more important than ever. The report includes expanded disclosures in each of the ESG categories and will mark an adoption of the savvy sustainability reporting standards. While ESG reporting isn't new to us, this report will be our 12th annual publication. Our sustainability journey continues and we remain committed to continuous improvement of our ESG performance and disclosures to our stakeholders. With that operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Charlie [ph]. Appreciate all the color in the opening remarks. Just as you noted with your updated guidance reflecting potential Apple headwinds there, curious if it also takes into account the High Plains pipe that could be shot. And also, secondly, I was curious, should Apple shutdown commence, can you address the possibility to temporarily repurpose an NGL pipeline to crude service, if that would make sense, and kind of what the puts and takes of that would be?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Jeremy. It's Kevin. The first question, as far as the Apple shutdown, we really don't see much impact at all to 2020. As we said, we see that more as a 2021 issue as curtailed production comes back, we believe there will be another pipeline capacity in rail transportation to handle the volumes that are currently being curtailed. And as it relates to the second question, yes, we physically could convert the smaller Bakken NGL pipeline in the crude service. We're evaluating that, and looking at all of our options, and watching that closely. But yes, that is something that's physically possible.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And then looking at the second half guidance here and trying to parse one half to the second half, how should we kind of think about Rockies and mid Conway connects relative to the first half, given the sort of rig count pricing environment we're in? And then maybe secondly, specific to GMP, what sort of pricing assumptions go into point you towards to what you gave us on guidance. Maybe said differently, that $30 million decline you saw related to the pop exposure contracts, would you expect that to reverse in the back half of this year?
Terry Spencer: There's a couple questions in there. I'll answer your last and first. And yes, like we said, we do believe that if we see this environment sustained, you'll see that that fee rate improved. And obviously, that's going to help on the pop side if you get some pricing strength as well. And what was the first question in that second grouping?
Unidentified Analyst: It's about well connects in the second half relative to what we saw in the first half, just given what we're seeing on the rig count side and the pricing environment.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. We are seeing -- I mean, we -- again, the 2020 numbers really aren't dependent on well connects as far as new rigs and things like that. That's more again of a 2021. In fact, we -- again, recent conversations with producers. We are there having conversations in this environment about completing ducks, potentially bringing completion crews back. So, we don't have -- it's not like we've got rig counts going there 40 in the next two months or something. Chuck, do you have anything to add to that?
Chuck Kelley: Yes, I mean, what I did was based on producer discussions, as Kevin mentioned, if we see on the drill schedules that are provided by our producers to us, ducks are currently being completed here in Q3, as Kevin mentioned. We've also got some line of sight to Q4 with additional completions. And what producers have told us is they want to complete these wells before winter in anticipation of more demand. And in addition to that, some of our larger producers have indicated to us that they're going to run one to two rig programs through the remainder of the year on our acreage. So, we've got some line of sight to increase ducks completions as well as increased well connects forthcoming. So, hope that gives you a little more color
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Tristan Richardson.
Tristan Richardson: Good morning, guys. Just appreciate all your commentary on the new range for EBITDA. But I guess just thinking about higher LPG prices and the volume improvement we've talked about in July, as well as teaching recovery and enhanced well completions, do these timing itself add up to really support a run rate EBITDA as we look towards the end of this year, somewhere much closer to the high-end of that range of outcomes you provided last quarter, namely the $3 billion type of EBITDA range?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin again. And yes, I do think it supports that. If you think about where we were, not necessarily first quarter average, but you think about where our volumes were right as we entered into the COVID and the OPEC situation, those types of volume levels was what supported that -- kind of the upper end of that range that we talked about. So, as we get to curtail production to come back online, and I think a key point in that is those March numbers included substantial gas that was flaring. Since that time, we put additional infrastructure in place, and if the volumes come back, we would expect the flaring numbers to go down. So, that's why we have the confidence in those numbers. If that's what you choose to that run rate that we're looking at, towards the upper end of the range.
Tristan Richardson: Great. And then you were talking about -- on the 2021 CapEx opportunity being just generally no lower than 2020. Now, we're kind of halfway through the year, so we think of that spend opportunity next year is something sub $1 billion? Or is there kind of a bookend way to speak about how you're spent?
Kevin Burdick: I just said in my prepared remarks that we would be in that $300 million to $400 million range for 2021, including maintenance and growth. And we will sustain that level of CapEx as long as producer activity, indelible producer activity, is generating growth that we need to expand capacity. It's very nudging. We have all the assets in place to get us back to ready to that EBITDA north of $3 billion. And so, we're in a great position here where you don't have to jump on the CapEx level until producer activity warrants that for growth.
Tristan Richardson: I appreciate it. Sorry, I missed that figure. Thank you, guys, very much.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning, everyone. Good to hear everyone is well. Just maybe wanted to just start off with your dividend comments that you made in the prepared remarks. You'd mentioned that it could potentially be another down the road and so forth. When you sort of think about things, you've got a lot of headwinds obviously with COVID, potentially with Apple, which can impact CapEx for the basis of your producer customers. I was wondering if you can give us the case studies or scenarios as to how you think about the dividend, either being maintained or potentially being reduced in the $2.6 billion guidance range for this year enough to maintain the dividend. What levels are you thinking about would become an area where you would become concerned as a $2.4 billion run rate? How much does SMP re-reviewing your rating matter? Just wondering if you can sort of give us different paths and different outcomes as to how you're thinking and would be recommending the dividend to the board.
Terry Spencer: So Shneur, this is Terry. So, I'll just make a comment, and then Walt can follow up. As we think about 2021, I think this gets to the core of your question is, how do we think about this business going forward? And we've looked at a number of scenarios when we've been -- and the key variable -- a key variable, of course, is Apple. What happens to key questions? Is Apple going to be shut down? Is it going to continue to operate? As we think about that scenario, and we think about 2021, and even with the Apple shutdown, we could see 5mid to high single digit growth in EBITDA over what we've experienced or expect in 2020. So, in 2021, we could see that mid to high single digit. If we're fortunate, and Apple doesn't become an issue for 2021, we could see a 12% to 15% EBITDA growth over what we experienced or expect in 2020. So, in both of those scenarios, we don't see a need to have to take a dividend action. And as Walt indicated, capital spending would be very, very modest $300 million to $400 million range. So, given that outlook, certainly we don't think it's appropriate to take any action at this point in time. Walt, anything to add to that?
Walt Hulse: We obviously stay in touch with the rating agencies. They saw that the activity definitely equity that's a proactive step to accelerate the leveraging from other real benefit not on that, and we're focused on cultivating, and we're pleased to see the strength that we're seeing in the -- from the producer activity bringing retail volumes back on the trend that that's showing us in this point in time.
Sheridan Swords: It's Sheridan. The only thing I would emphasize, and we've said it a couple of times in our opening remarks, but that is this BPF and a half a day, particularly in the Williston basin, that deliverability is connected to our system and doesn't really depend on a whole bunch of rigs coming back into the basin. As we think about 2021, our growth that is our throughput growth on our GMP business is a function of capturing and accelerating that capture of that BCF and a half a day. So you think about this first quarter 2020 volume of about 1.1 BCF a day in the BOC, and as you think about 2021, that number we expect to grow as we move throughout the year. And it's a function of capturing that BCF and a half a day of deliverability. That's already there. That's a that's the point we can't emphasize enough today.
Shneur Gershuni: Well, I really appreciate that. A better answer than I expected. Maybe it's a good way to transition. You've answered this a little bit in the prior questions to some of the questions you've received in the prepared remarks. But when we talked about the drivers for a strong second half recovery, and as we sort of think about '21, as just talked about, if I remember, and I'm dating myself a little bit here, back to the '13, '14, '15 cycle, in Bakken they did something, [indiscernible]. In the most recent cycle, the Bakken, do you see that trend on efficiency continuing and that may be worth zeroing in on the wrong type of rig count for the Bakken to be able to generate enough ducks for you to be able to maintain and potentially grow production? Could you see something where 30 is really been one normal run rate that conserve run, 1.4 million, 1.5-million-barrel tech market? Just kind of wondering what you're seeing in terms of thoughts on efficiencies and how things are moving around.
Kevin Burdick: Shneur, it's Kevin. I'll start. You were a little muddy, so I'll make sure -- if I don't answer your question, make sure you jump back in here. I mean, we continue to -- the reserves have been fantastic in the Bakken, and producers have been year-over-year delivered better and better wells. The rigs have gotten more and more efficient. So, they continually had shown they can deliver more volumes and less capital is what that ultimately goes to. So, I think that's part of the story that over time, you won't need as many wells or completions to keep your volumes at certain levels. I think we've talked about it in that one, four to one five type range of all BCF a day volume. You're probably 30 to 40 completions per month on our acreage. And we think that's absolutely doable. And we do believe the quality of the wells will continue to improve.
Chuck Kelley: Another data point I'd add, Shneur, is we work closely with all of our producers, and a couple of them have been the past six months or so, I wouldn't say experimenting, but working with longer laterals as long as three miles. And based on the results of this, we're being told that less wells will be needed for the increased deliverability that they're seeing through those longer laterals. So for that part of your question, regarding continued either technological enhancements or efficiencies, I would say to producers didn't dialed anything back and we're really seeing some good results from some of these folks with a much longer laterals now.
Kevin Burdick: One last thing on this topic, and I apologize. I should have brought this up sooner because we haven't mentioned it in our remarks either. Just to remind everybody, the gas to oil ratios continue to strengthen. So, look at crude oil forecast and you've got to apply the strengthening gas to oil ratios, and you can see some of the materials we provided on the presentation that shows what that's done over time, and it's continued to strengthen to where now it's more 2.2. So, that's another factor. We look at the basin of what's going on the GAAP side. Don't just focus on what's going on the crude oil side.
Shneur Gershuni: That makes perfect sense. We really appreciate the color today guys. That was very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt, and Company.
Colton Bean: Appreciate the comments around from the green shoots of activity and how you might return to those marks level. So I think we will be getting back to the 1.5 BCF a day, understandably, a reversal of shut-ins is a large component of that. But I think the other ATP [ph] that the market's struggling with is what base declines with like. So, can you update us on how the wells that you've had still connected to your system producing over the last couple of months out of the chair -- how does it fare?
Chuck Kelley: This is Chuck. Could you repeat the last part of your question? I didn't quite hear it; from the decline on?
Colton Bean: Yes, Chuck. I think in terms of understanding what level of completions we might need to see to get back to something that looks like a more stable [indiscernible] and ultimately growth, I think the basic line has been to some there. Interested to see if you guys have a view on when a PDP profile might work across your system.
Chuck Kelley: So, similar to other shale plays, but we see typically or what we run in our models -- and you're wondering 50%, 55%, decline rate year two, and that's 20% to 25%, year three, 15% and then and then just maintaining stuff down from there. So your first year is your -- obviously, as you know, is your larger trial decline in a shale plays. We run at a 50%, 55% range.
Colton Bean: Okay, and you all feel comfortable that 30 to 40 completions a month would be sufficient to fully offset that base?
Chuck Kelley: We do.
Colton Bean: And on planning side of things, I think we've heard from producers that wells that were flaring were preferentially shut in. So if you looked at that $125 million that's been flare on one of the acreage today, would you expect that to increase as you bring wells back online? Or alternatively, have you still been connecting to wells that are actually shut in today to accelerate that gas capture?
Chuck Kelley: What we've done here in the second quarter to help people flaring -- you won't really see that until third -- we expect to see the results here in third quarter relative to our flaring percentages, as we've completed some pretty good sized trunk lines into an area air flow that's been very, very limited and been able to get gas egress. So, put a couple of 20-inch trunk lines completed and tied in wells that had been flaring, as well as some new wells that were getting ready to come on. So, some of our infrastructure obviously is going to help on that 125 million a day.
Colton Bean: Understood. Appreciate it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Great. Thanks, everyone. Appreciate it. One question I wanted to ask was just about ethane recovery. Can you talk about -- I'm assuming you're not seeing much increase in the vacuum, but really wanted to talk about that? And also, to the extent you are seeing increased recoveries in the mid-con, how that's trending and any way to quantify that. Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. You are correct out of Bakken where -- and their targets are not improving, and the economics at this time don't warrant that. But we have, as we mentioned, seen good ethane recovery increases in the midcontinent. And what I'd tell you today is that in June and July, the average percentage of ethane in a wide rig 45%. We are up over 60,000 barrels a day more ethane in the mid-comments than we were in the first quarter, and over 50,000 what we experienced in the second quarter. That's for June, and July is continued on that. So I think we -- as mentioned in our remarks, all the ethane or substantially all the ethane within the mid-continent that can come out is coming out of the sun. And we do predict that and continue through the rest of the year.
Michael Blum: Great. And then a somewhat related question. There have been a lot of discussions about the gas dynamics in the Balkan, given the BTU issues. Obviously, that's obviously changed a bit. But just curious, your views, if you think any of the proposed expansions, including how the northern border -- are any of those still in play, or do you think that whole expansion discussion's kind of shelved here for a while until Bakken levels recover?
Chuck Kelley: Michael, this is Chuck. We answered a similar question in Q1. And at the time, again, with things in flux and trying to forecast, we're kind of -- as far as we were experiencing or working on expansions, kind of pushed that out a little bit. I think it's fair to say that an expansion should be forthcoming. I just can't tell you when. I would say it is pushed out probably 12 months anyway. We just need a better line of sight on some longer-term forecasts, but I think that expansion will definitely be needed in time.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jean Ann Salisbury, Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Good morning. Just a follow-up on the Bakken NGL to create conversion potential; recognizing that it's still in early development, but would this require overland pass to convert to create as well?
Chuck Kelley: Be able to move through the Bakken pipeline, physically possible, we would probably move it into the currency area.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. So, it would just be before you hit ever like that [ph]?
Chuck Kelley: Yes.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great, thank you. And then just a quick one. What's the latest estimate of when you would be a federal cash taxpayer?
Chuck Kelley: Well, nothing really changed from a tax standpoint, other than the fact that obviously, the rate of the EBITDA is going to be lower than expected in 2020. So, if anything, it smoothed out a little bit because the assets that we ultimately will complete, [indiscernible] down the road, when growth is back and those are needed, that depreciation will come at a later date and we'll be able to optimize the economy. So, we don't expect to be a LIFO taxpayer for several years. And eventually, we'll get into a situation where there are some limitations that are currently out there on the utilization that allows, but that's still a few years down the road.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. That's all for me. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sunil [ph] of Seaport Global Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me?
Chuck Kelley: Yes, we can hear you.
Unidentified Analyst: So, thanks for all the clarity on the call. I just had one follow-up question on the leverage metrics. In the press release yesterday, you indicated the covenant based average tracking at 4.5x. So, it seems like to me that the fear bit of project EBITDA baked into that based on projects, which did not contribute to EBITDA yet, first, is that correct? And secondly, when you baked that EBITDA into the covenant metrics, is that based on cash flows, which are contracted, or is it more driven by your expectation and then frequent is that expectation kind of revised? Thanks.
Chuck Kelley: Could you repeat the first part of your question?
Unidentified Analyst: So, in the press release, you had indicated that the covenant-based leverage was tracking at 4.5x. So, when I look at your debt balances, [indiscernible] EBITDA, I come up with a higher number. So, I'm just trying to reconcile that disconnect.
Chuck Kelley: The covenant calculation does not trust exactly to GAAP under the bank covenant. There is a provision that allows for an EBITDA assumption associated with CapEx that's either come into service or will come into service down the road, and that scaled down over a period of time. So, there's a there's a mismatch. There always has been a slight mismatch between the GAAP and the covenant calculation. At this point, the covenant calculation is at 4.5 times versus the covenant at 5 times.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Can you comment a little bit about what you're seeing in back volumes at Bellevue? And I'm kind of going back a little bit to kind of what the trend that could be. Can I call that data out a little bit about what you've seen frac-wise. And are you saying does not having export capacity, especially given LPG exports have kind of held up relatively strong during the last three or four month period, does not having a dock capacity or export capacity actually impact you at the price levels, our volumes relative to maybe what you think or what you're seeing your competitive peers one faction that has helped you as well?
Chuck Kelley: Right now, because the way our system setup, all our fracs can be a Bellevue frac. So, when you look across our system, we have plenty of frac capacity because any volume that we frac in the midcontinent with the sterling system, we can make that volume show up in Mont Bellevue. But right now we look -- well, we have plenty of frac capacity through 2020, or until we see a much better improvement into producer productivity that we would need to bring me back on. So, we're in pretty good shape on the frac capacity side. In terms of do we need to export the author? Does that impact us on the frac side? It's just not at this time. Right now, there's more export capacity than the interact capacity really, and so we are able to contract and have contracts with a lot of our volumes in a short period of time to exporters, because they need that volume to fulfill their commitments across the dock. So at this time, we don't see that it's a hindrance not to have a dock. Of course, as we look into the future, that's still something on our list that we would like to look at a period of time when we see more supply come online that would warrant additional capacity. But this time, we do not see it as a hindrance or as a disadvantage
Michael Lapides: No, that's super helpful. Can you talk a little bit about what you think utilization rate in the quarter was for your fracs and how July's looking?
Chuck Kelley: Could you repeat that again? We're having difficulty hearing you.
Michael Lapides: Guys, could you talk a little bit about what you think your frac utilization rate was in the quarter and what you're seeing in July? How big of a step up? You kind of gave a lot of detail about what July looked like or cost set-up, throughput across multiple basins and in gas. I'd love to just kind of a same level of detail on the frac side.
Chuck Kelley: Right now, we are over 80% on our frac utilization. We've seen a big step up on that because we've bought more ethane on,5 and that doesn't -- that capacity has always been there. But we're sitting about a little over 80% of what our frac utilization would be. And so, as we continue to grow into the third quarter, we have already seen that volume increase that we talked about in July. We still move closer to that -- maybe closer to the 90%, the 85%, 90%, which still leaves us plenty of frac capacity.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one final one, if I may. Terry, with you in the board, kind of evaluate capital allocation -- I know you talked today about not needing to do anything with the dividend. How do you think about the balance between evaluating the dividends versus evaluating the incremental equity issuances if needed? You kind of have to shell out screening for the forward sale agreement. I'm just trying to think about how you and the board think about what's the light source of equity capital if equity capital is needed.
Terry Spencer: A couple of different aspects. It's related to deleveraging any dividend action that would have been considered from a deleveraging standpoint would have taken quite a bit of time to actually have an impact wherewith the equity offering there was an immediate impact from the credit standpoint. The other side of that also as well is that as we see the business going forward in that the COVID has a defined period of time that it will take to play through and provided we know exactly what that defined of time is that to the extent that it's measured in quarters, we didn't believe that that meant that we should be adjusting our dividend for a quarter or two or more disruptions. We needed to make a positive step on the deleveraging standpoint and the quickest way to do that was to do the equity offering. Then as we see the strength of the business coming back and that would be there to support that dividend in the long term we continue to get on that path.
Walt Hulse: Michael, the only thing I'd add from a priority standpoint, maintaining that investment-grade credit rating is extremely important to the company and important to this board so it remains a high priority. Certainly, that was in the mix in terms of the capital allocation decisions we were making.
Michael Corbin: Got it. Thank you, guys, much appreciated.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Shere, Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Thanks for taking the question. It sounds like a wonderful artwork heading into the second half here. That's great clarity. On potentially repurposing the dock and NGL pipeline, how long would that take and would any concurrent upsizing needed on outreach be done in the same time frame?
Kevin Burdick: Very good Shere. We're still evaluating all the aspects of that turning them into crude or [indiscernible] what needs to be done. So we continue to look through that. As we continue to evaluate that more, we'll have a better understanding of what it takes to convert its crude.
Craig Shere: Are we looking at something that could be a couple of years, it could be comfortably quicker than that if you had to go that route the market needed?
Kevin Burdick: I don't think it's a couple of years but it will take some time.
Craig Shere: All right, thanks. Walt, I apologize. I guess I'm a little confused about the CapEx guidance. I thought I read the second half will be an absolute $300 million to $400 million, but then do I understand that's ongoing until there's a lot of more clarity on COVID and upstream volume that the annual rate in the 2021 will be $300 million to $400 million?
Walt Hulse: That's correct. As we finish up the 2020 is that for you guys [indiscernible] the commitment we're finishing up and we have enough of such projects but as we get into 2021, we won't be able to continue to keep that $300 million to $400 million range including maintenance CapEx. In order to pick up in volume will get us above the level that we had been originally forecasting for 2020 so we've got some significant headroom there and obviously prioritizes cash flows as we grow into the deleveraging goals.
Craig Shere: Very good. Last question on storage and ethane recovery was spoken of a lot on the first quarter call. I think we already addressed ethane. I know storage is only maybe 10s of millions of uplift but I don't know Sheridan, maybe you want to talk about when exactly that might be hitting. I know it's a hedged position. What should we be looking for into the second half?
Sheridan Swords: I think the contango that represented itself will present itself in the second quarter because of how we sold that product out for and we will see that benefit show up in the second half of the year. You'll see that in the Isom unit as well.
Craig Shere: Should we see most of that in the fourth quarter?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, you could see some of that in the fourth quarter. We've sold it throughout the third and fourth quarter so you can see it through the remainder of the year. A lot is going to happen on this week in prices through that period of time but it will be spread through the second half of the year if I can think so far.
Craig Shere: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Derek Walker with Bank of America.
Derek Walker: Thank, you guys. Wishing you a good new year. Maybe just a couple of clarification questions if I heard it right here early in the Q&A portion referencing a DAPL impact. I believe we referenced if we extended the intended shutdown it would be mid to single EBITDA growth year-over-year and 1% down of the 12% to 15% year-to-year. A lot of the EBITDA growth rate and that also the $2.6 billion number for 2020 before mature. Is that right?
Walt Hulse: That's correct. That's what you base it in. Those percentages that I provided earlier are based upon the lower end of the range that we provided for 2020, the basis of that.
Derek Walker: Okay, perfect. Then I think the formal market definition proficiencies was it coming from Rodney Vegas with his opposition to power saving captured 50 million for the year and you talk about 120 is relative to your 2020 plan. Like I say, if you start to see things we recover in the second half do you feel most of that profit is sustainable or do you see some not coming back?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, we absolutely believe those cost savings are attainable. As we move through the year we've taken -- our team has done a fantastic job of finding opportunities and some of those opportunities you identify them but it takes a little bit of time to actually get in and we've been doing that so. So we do believe, even with the volume strengthening that we'll realize those savings in the back half of the year.
Derek Walker: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes today's question and answer session. Mr. Ziola, I'd like to turn the conference back to you.
Andrew Ziola: Well, thank you, Sara. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extends until we release earnings in late October. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Paula and good morning everyone, and welcome to ONEOK's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. We issued our earnings release and presentation after the markets closed yesterday and those materials are on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. During the Q&A session, we would appreciate it, if youd limit yourself to one question. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. And as always, we appreciate your continued trust and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President Natural Gas. On behalf of ONEOK, we hope you, your families and your colleagues are healthy as we all navigate and cope with the uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. As an essential critical infrastructure business, our employees continue daily work. We remain focused on operating safely and responsibly and on providing the essential services that our communities and customers rely on us for. We've asked all employees to work from home who are able and we've increased safety protocols for those critical employees continuing to work on site. We've offered additional support to employees through temporary benefit adjustments and human resources programs and are prioritizing open communication with employees, our Board of Directors and the financial community related to our COVID-19 response efforts. The current environment and worldwide impacts of this pandemic are clearly unprecedented. But as you know, COVID-19 is not the only challenge facing the energy industry right now. The commodity price collapse and resulting recent pullback in crude oil production across the country is greatly impacting our industry. As described in the earnings release, we did not provide what one would call a traditional guidance update, but we did provide a range of possible outcomes for 2020. Providing specific volume and commodity price guidance would not be appropriate for us due to the number of potential variations of outcomes that are possible for price forecasts, curtailment quantities and the duration and pace of economic recovery on a worldwide basis among other factors. That said, we have performed a scenario analysis and based on currently available information, we believe the range of possible 2020 adjusted EBITDA results will likely be between $2.6 billion and $3.0 billion. While this wide range indicates potential challenges, it also has opportunity and as we are well positioned to realize earnings growth in 2020 and 2021 as NGL markets remain resilient and storage capacity is at a premium despite the challenges our industry faces. Now, I'd like to comment on the recent dividend announcement, which we prudently held flat at $0.935 per share for the quarter. As we look to the future, we expect our business to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the dividend. Our decision to significantly reduce capital spending until growth opportunities return puts us in a good position to continue returning value to our shareholders. As we always do, each quarter we'll work with our Board to assess our forward views of future cash flows and the dividend as appropriate. We've been through cycles before and we have a long track record of delivering on expected results. And most importantly, the fundamentals of our business have not changed. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity provide important financial flexibility. Our extensive and integrated assets including available storage in key market centers are competitively well positioned. Our fee-for-service business model mitigates our direct commodity exposure, including the stability of our natural gas pipelines business, which has nearly 100% take-or-pay contract structures with primarily financially strong, electric and utility customers. Our customers are some of the most resilient and well capitalized in the industry with decades of proven reserves. And the demand for NGLs in the U.S. and abroad remains and there are signs that international demand is beginning to recover. All these factors provide the foundation for a resilient business that we believe is built to weather these kinds of uncertain market conditions and provide a platform to resume growth when it makes sense. The natural gas and NGL reserves in the basins served by our systems haven't moved. The reserves are still there and we believe our ability to serve them is stronger than ever. Many of our capital growth projects have recently come online or are nearing completion. These projects have driven volume growth across our businesses including reducing the amount of flaring in the Williston Basin as we expected up until the pandemic. And as we have done in previous commodity cycles, we're able to adjust the scale and timing of our growth projects to best fit the needs of our customers. We made proactive adjustments early on in this cycle to better align our capital investments with our customers' needs and we will continue to be flexible and responsive to those needs as our view of the market evolves. Kevin will provide more detail on these projects in a moment. As history shows, how you react in markets like this will have lasting impacts for quarters and years to come. Swift financial and operational decisions made at ONEOK in 2015 and 2016, while difficult at the time, set us up well for a transformational period of growth over the past few years. We're now in a great position with available integrated capacity across our system once market conditions improve. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. I'll start with some brief comments on our first quarter financial performance, our liquidity and then our capital allocation strategy as we move forward. ONEOK reported a net loss of $142 million in the first quarter of 2020, which includes a non-cash impairment charge of $642 million or $1.17 per share. Excluding these non-cash impairment charges, ONEOK's EPS was $0.83 per share for the first quarter. First quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $701 million, a 10% increase compared with the first quarter of 2019. Natural gas liquids and natural gas volume growth, higher average fee rates and higher contracted natural gas, transportation capacity, all contributed to year-over-year earnings growth. Distributable cash flow for the quarter -- for the first quarter 2020 was $522 million, up 7% compared with the fourth quarter of 2019. And we reported healthy dividend coverage of 1.35 times. We also generated $136 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid during the quarter. Earlier this month, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis. We recorded impairment charges in the first quarter of 2020 related primarily to long-lived assets and goodwill in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Our asset impairments charges related to gathering and processing assets in Western Oklahoma, Kansas and the Powder River Basin. The timing of these charges was triggered by significant adverse changes in the market environment during the first quarter. From a liquidity standpoint, in early March, we completed a $1.75 billion senior notes offering and used a portion of the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, providing us increased liquidity and balance sheet flexibility during this uncertain market environment. Our March 31 net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.86 times, and we ended the first quarter with no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility and more than $530 million of cash. We are still targeting leverage of four times or less, but due to the current environment the time line for reaching target leverage from operating cash flows has been pushed out. As Terry mentioned, with yesterday's earnings announcement we provided a 2020 outlook. The 2020 net income is now likely to be in the range of $500 million to $900 million, which reflects the impairment charges. And adjusted EBITDA is likely to be in the range of $2.6 billion to $3 billion. As Terry said, the range of possible results from our multivariable scenario analyses led us to this 2020 outlook to give our investors a sense of what we view are likely outcomes in the current environment. As the industry recovers, we will update if appropriate. From a capital allocation perspective, in early March we suspended an additional expansion on the West Texas LPG pipeline, the Demicks Lake III plant and reduced the scope of the expansion on Elk Creek pipeline. Yesterday, we announced that we paused several projects and reduced our 2020 growth capital expenditures further. So far in 2020, we have reduced forecasted capital expenditures by $900 million compared with our original 2020 guidance provided in late February. Kevin will discuss these adjustments to growth capital in a moment. We now expect growth capital to range between $1.4 billion and $1.8 billion this year, which includes more than $900 million that we've already spent in the first quarter, as we completed Arbuckle II, Demicks Lake II, MB-4 and 45,000 barrels per day of the West Texas LPG expansion. Only approximately 40% of our 2020 capital expenditures is left to spend over the remaining three quarters. Looking ahead, we can continue to significantly scale back capital. If commodity prices remain depressed and producer activities remain low, we could potentially operate in a $300 million to $400 million annual capital expenditure range, which would include limited routine growth spent in alignment with our producers' needs and maintenance capital. Our flexibility to scale back capital and to adjust to our customers' needs is a significant financial tool we can use in this environment to help preserve balance sheet strength and liquidity. On the other side of the equation, we stand ready to resume these projects as producer activity returns. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our completed growth projects and operations.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. We saw volume growth across our system in the first quarter of 2020, compared with the first quarter 2019. NGL raw feed throughput volumes increased 6% and natural gas processed volumes increased 5% year-over-year. The natural gas pipeline segment continues to deliver strong fee-based earnings as our total capacity reached 100% contracted in the first quarter. This segment, which represents more than 15% of ONEOK's EBITDA, provides solid fee-based earnings and stability, even through volatile commodity price environments. As Terry and Walt discussed, the volatile commodity price and demand environment makes predicting our future volumes or segment-level performance very challenging, but we can provide certain data points based on the information we have at this time to help frame up the current volume and activity levels that we're seeing across our operations. Let's start with an update on our growth projects. During the first quarter, we completed and placed into service the Arbuckle II Pipeline and the remaining capacity of our MB-4 fractionator in Mont Belvieu which is 100% contracted. We also completed 45,000 barrels per day of our fully contracted 80,000 barrel per day West Texas LPG Pipeline system expansion. The remaining capacity of the expansion, which was delayed due to weather during the first quarter, is expected to be completed in May. We completed our Demicks Lake II processing plant in January, bringing our total processing capacity in the basin to more than 1.5 billion cubic feet per day. The projects that were completed in the fourth quarter 2019 were ramping, as expected, until the commodity collapse in March. Demicks Lake I, which was completed in October of last year, reached near full capacity of 200 million cubic feet per day in the first quarter. Total NGL raw feed throughput volume from the Rocky Mountain region, which includes volume on both the Elk Creek and Bakken NGL Pipelines, reached 240,000 barrels per day in March prior to the collapse. Compared with the fourth quarter of 2019, we saw a more than 7% increase in Rocky Mountain region raw feed throughput volumes, as new processing plants and plant expansions were connected to our NGL system. The volumes we reached in the first quarter combined with the quality of the basin and our customer base give us confidence that growth will resume once demand recovers. These assets put us in a great position to capture natural gas and NGL volumes for our customers when that occurs. We announced yesterday that we are pausing the majority of construction activities on several of our remaining capital growth projects including the expansion of our Bear Creek processing plant in the Williston Basin, construction of the MB-5 fractionator in Mont Belvieu, additional Mid-Continent fractionation expansions and the third expansion of the West Texas LPG Pipeline system. The decision to pause these projects reflects the changing needs of our customers and our ability to be flexible through this uncertain commodity price environment. The projects we paused can all be restarted quickly when our customers' activity resumes. Now let's take a closer look at our current -- at the current activity across our operations. As we sit today, the production plans of our customers continue to evolve as market dynamics shift. Many of our customers have announced a reduction in rig activity and in some cases are curtailing existing production. In the Williston Basin, there are currently approximately 30 rigs operating with around half of those on our dedicated acreage. Many of the wells that have been curtailed on our acreage to date have been older vintage wells that produce lower volumes at a higher cost to producers. Other wells taken off-line by producers were previously flaring, so they have not reduced our volume. We have also seen wells curtail that have opened up capacity for wells previously flaring to flow onto our system. These three factors have resulted in less volume coming off our system than you would expect. And given the significant backlog of flared gas, total production won't have to recover fully for our processing capacity to be highly utilized. Based on the latest reported natural gas flaring data out of North Dakota, approximately 400 million cubic feet per day was flaring in the basin with more than 200 million of that on ONEOK's dedicated acreage. As Terry mentioned, our customers in the Williston Basin are some of the most stable and well capitalized in the industry. We've had one customer this year file for bankruptcy protection. However, they continue to flow volume. We do not foresee additional significant bankruptcy risk among our largest customers in the region. And smaller scale private producers make up approximately 15% in aggregate of our total production from the region. In the Permian Basin, approximately 70% of our NGL volume is from the Midland Basin, one of the most resilient basins in the U.S. As our West Texas LPG Pipeline expansion is fully completed in May, we will continue to transition volumes away from offloads, we currently have with third-party NGL pipelines onto our pipeline. We are currently offloading approximately 50,000 barrels per day and we expect to move 20,000 barrels per day over to our system in the third quarter of this year with the remainder in the first quarter of 2021. As these volumes move onto our system, we'll be able to collect full transportation and fractionation fee rates on that volume. Additionally, our system-wide propane plus fractionation capacity remains highly utilized at approximately 85% to 90% and over half of our 27 million barrels of underground NGL storage is available to capture opportunities in the market. We're adding 1.5 million barrels of storage in the third quarter of this year and expect to complete an additional 1.5 million barrels of storage in 2021. We have also added 3.5 million barrels of brine storage in Mont Belvieu, substantially increasing our capacity. In the NGL markets, we are seeing seasonally strong demand for propane in Conway at our rail racks and on our north system from wholesalers, as well as in Mont Belvieu from exporters. This demand is contributing to the strong relative price of propane to crude. Petrochemical facilities in both Conway and Mont Belvieu continue to have strong demand for ethane driving the price to near recovery economics in the Mid-Continent. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. Our recent project completions and the volumes we've seen materialize prior to this downturn provide confidence in the growth behind our system that is available to capture once demand recovers. ONEOK's strong record of delivering on our expected results combined with our competitive, integrated asset position and high-quality customer base and the best resources plays are fundamentals of our business that provide us with a foundation for stability, even through difficult commodity cycles. We have been through downturns before, and we know how to position ourselves for success as conditions improve. To our employees, both those continuing to work remotely and those who are still reporting to a facility or field location, thank you for your continued work, flexibility and dedication to our company. We're focused on maintaining essential services for our customers and your commitment to continuing to operate responsibly are exceptional. During a very difficult time, you have risen to the challenge by remaining committed to the health and well-being of our company, families and communities. While the near-term view of the world is changing every day, the long-term fundamentals of our strategic business remains strong and well positioned for continued growth, when global energy demand recovers. With that, operator we're now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thank you very much for a lot of the color today. I just wanted to start-off with the  I guess, we'll call it an outlook or guidance. I do appreciate a lot of the color that you gave in terms of some of the inputs when you're talking about why your system will be impacted less and the offload opportunities. I was wondering, if you could share with us your views as to how you get to the upper end and conversely to the lower end of that outlook? What conditions in the Williston or elsewhere needs to play out to basically end up at your higher end or end up at your lower end?
Kevin Burdick: Sure. This is Kevin. Yeah. I mean, there's a variety of things that's  as we kind of laid out the permutations you look at, when you consider the variability of all the inputs we're looking at that's the reason for the outlook. So obviously, if you get to the upper end demand  for example demand comes back more quickly. Prices recover more quickly. Producers respond more quickly. So at the end of the day, you're getting the volume on your system quicker. On the low end of the range, it's just prolonged. And by prolonged, it could be anything from just how producers respond to how the demand recovers.
Shneur Gershuni: Do you have anything specific with respect to like when shot is come back and so forth is there any sort of cadence that we should be thinking about?
Kevin Burdick: No. I mean, we're not going to  again, we're not going to provide specifics on that, because there's a variety of ways you could get to each  to the high end and there's a variety of ways you could get to the low end as well. So we're not going to get into how long, because that would just be kind of factoring in one variable.
Operator: And moving on we'll go to Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe we could start with the NGL segment, the Bakken rate. It looks like it came down. I'm guessing that's partly due to Elk Creek coming online, which I think has a lower rate. But should we think that you moved some more volumes from Bakken NGL Pipeline and Overland Pass onto this line, or was there anything else we should factor in? And is this $0.28 level a good run rate going forward or should we expect that it could trend a little lower through the remainder of the year?
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. I think, there's two factors in there. One is, while we were railing volume out of Bakken, we were charging customers a higher fee for that service, especially the ones that were came on for Elk Creek. And as Elk Creek has come on, they've come back to a rate that we contracted with them, which was lower than the $0.30 rate. So I think that as we go forward the $0.28 rate, we see today is a good going forward run rate. Our rates are not determined by which pipeline we use if we put barrels on Bakken or Elk Creek or what we put on OPPL, because the rates you are seeing are -- we charge our customer from a bundled service from a transportation and fractionation. So it's not impacted by which pipelines we use.
Christine Cho: Okay. So even though the rate came down the margin is higher that's how we should think about it?
Sheridan Swords: Well, as the rate came down obviously we aren't railing as much volume. So our costs have come down as well, but I think going forward $0.28 is what you will see going forward. Obviously, that does have some impact on how much is coming out of the Powder River Basin on that line, which is at a lower fee and how much is coming out of the Bakken.
Christine Cho: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: I was just hoping that you could share a little bit more as far as Northern Border kind of key content there and any thoughts you guys could provide with regards to the need or lack of need to extract ethane going forward this year just given kind of the mix shift between Bakken gas going on the price and Canadian gas going on the price. Just trying to get a better sense of what's going on -- what could be going on there? Thanks.
Chuck Kelley: Hey, Jeremy, this is Chuck. So as you know TransCanada is the operator of Northern Border. So I'm going to answer your question based on our 50% of ownership of Northern Border Pipeline as a partner. So we've been watching over the past quarter in particular as volumes have kind of changed a little bit between Bakken and receipts coming in from Canada as volumes have changed a little bit in the Bakken into the pipeline. So obviously, the pipeline is concerned about anything above 1,100. And this is a fluid situation. As that ratio changes and the mix between Canada and the Bakken you'll see that BTU blend mix in Northern Border and then consequently downstream. So, where the pipeline is today, we understand they're going to go ahead and file their tariff and set an upper limit. I believe it's 1,100 to start June 1. And Northern Border has held numerous formal meetings with shippers, markets, downstream pipes all interested parties regarding that limit. And frankly, the limit -- the BTU spec just needs to be put in place to meet the downstream deliverability requirements in Chicago.
Jeremy Tonet: Yes. Makes sense. Thanks for that. And then maybe going to the GP segment just with the average fee kind of moving lower there quarter-over-quarter and it seemed like there was a POP influence there that kind of drove that. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on kind of what were some of the drivers and how you might expect that to change in this environment?
Chuck Kelley: Sure. So as we've discussed in our 10-K and our 10-Qs under a certain percentage of proceed contracts with fees our contractual rates or percentages may increase or decrease. And these are based on several thresholds in the contracts production volume commodity prices system pressures that we're obligated to provide or the producer's obligated to meet. So our average rate can be impacted by those factors and also impacted if volumes increase or decrease on contracts that have different POP percentages or fee rate. So for example we have several large producers who may have contracts that are more fee-based than POP and if they're currently curtailing, you'd see the impact of that on our fee rate. Consequently, it would come down. Again, we can't speculate what kind of contract mix we're going to see over time as producers are making decisions frankly weekly as to what wells are going to be produced and certainly at what production level volumes. So we can't necessarily forecast that average rate, but that gives you the understanding of what's behind how that average fee rate is developed and thought about.
Operator: And moving on we'll go to Tristan Richardson with SunTrust.
Tristan Richardson: Good morning guys. Appreciate all the commentary on operations as well as the liquidity and capital and how the balance sheet is preparing for this. Can you talk about the investment-grade profile? It seems like the rating agencies are willing to take a long-term view, I mean looking out past the short-term disruptions of 2020. But to the extent leverage remains elevated can you talk about just the priority of the investment-grade profile?
Chuck Kelley: Well we speak regularly to the rating agencies. And while we've had a market imbalance and it's delayed the pace of our leverage reduction, it hasn't reduced our expectation or desire to reduce leverage. We believe our assets are in a position to support the growth in the basin we serve once the imbalance is rectified and that the rating agencies recognize that. Our credit ratings are very important to us and we've demonstrated by our actions in the past that if the current demand reduction -- end up being longer in duration, we have several tools at our disposal to reduce leverage. And we've already taken the first action in this regard by pausing our capital projects to preserve cash flow. We continuously evaluate our options to manage the balance sheet and look prudently to maintain our credit ratings going forward.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it. Thank you guys very much. 
Operator: Moving on we'll go to Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: First question just on growth and the durability of earnings here and forgive me for asking about 2021 just given the tough visibility right now. But as we talk to investors that's still where a lot of the focus is at this point, so just wondering if you could talk to some of the high-level drivers of growth or even what a flat scenario would look like in 2021 versus 2020 and if you could maybe tie that to your ability to cut CapEx to those baseline levels you mentioned. So in other words is it really a heavy lift to maintain EBITDA levels next year?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. When we think -- I mean we start talking 2021 granted that is -- that's out there given the uncertainty today. But the key I'd come back to is, where our assets are located we've got tremendous confidence in the basins where we operate. Those resources are still there. As we look forward when you consider the flare gas that's still available to capture as production comes back up online in the Bakken, that's going to drive additional volumes for our natural gas processing plants and the NGL segment. And I think you hit on the other key point is, with this available capacity, we can do that with extremely minimal capital as we think about 2021 as these volumes come back and the environment improves.
Terry Spencer: And Kevin I think -- the only thing I'd add to that is we've been in this situation before where we had built up some headroom in our businesses and we're able to harvest cash flow. And so with the prospect of 2021, CapEx spending being very low we'll be right back to that particular situation. So when you start looking at that the free cash flow generation of the business is pretty significant.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. Understood. And then
Walt Hulse: I guess the only other comment that, I would make as you think about these ranges that we've put out there and the durability of the business we -- in this range of potential outcomes there are built into some of these numbers pretty significant curtailments, okay? And so you have to think about the lower end of the range and I'm not going to give you specifics because then I'd be giving you financial guidance, okay? But as we look at the potential outcomes, there's a pretty significant percentage of production that we've assumed to be curtailed in one of these scenarios and that's reflected in these numbers. So I think that just in and of itself explains the durability of the business. And unfortunately we can't give you specific  specifics. We'd like to but we can't. Probably as I said in the call, it wouldn't be appropriate for us to do that. But we feel really good about how well positioned in spite of all the things that  the headwinds that the industry faces we're in a pretty darn good position.
Spiro Dounis: Yes. And I can appreciate a tough question to answer now. So I appreciate you all taking a swing at it. Second one just to follow up on the CapEx. Can you just talk a little bit about why the Arbuckle extension expansion are still in the backlog? Is that something that can still come out at some point, or is that really needed as part of the broader network right now?
Kevin Burdick: I'm sorry. You were  this is Kevin. Could you repeat that question? You were a little jumbled as it came through.
Spiro Dounis: Yes. Sorry. I'm sick of using this cell phone. So just wondering if you guys could walk through the decision to lead the Arbuckle extension and expansion in the backlog. Is that something that can still come out at a future point, or is that really needed at this point for the broader network?
Kevin Burdick: Okay. Yes. The extension remained in as we think about that. That pipeline was important because it allows us to move Bakken barrels all the way to Mont Belvieu. So we wanted that connectivity. And also keep in mind these projects kind of proceed at different paces and many of them are further along or not further along. So that goes into our consideration as well and why that one is still in the schedule.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And moving on we'll go to Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Kevin Burdick: Good morning.
Michael Blum: I just want to talk a little bit about the dynamics in the Bakken, particularly as it relates to the flared gas. So  and I guess my question is like as you get shut-ins and reduced drilling activity, will you see a reduction in flared gas as well just naturally? And will that generally going to quantify or any rule of thumb to think about how that would impact the number of well connects you would need to do based on that change in flared gas?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin. I'll start and Chuck or others may have some comments. But yes, like we said in our prepared remarks, there's multiple dynamics that could go on impacting flared gas. We have seen some wells shut in that had previously been flaring. So that doesn't impact our volumes obviously. We've also seen some situations where some gas was taken off-line. But other gas that was flaring due to some pipeline or compression constraints started flowing on the system. So effectively it was replaced which would bring flaring down. So yes, I do think these  the curtailments will bring flaring down in a couple of different ways. But the key point there is I think with our capacity  and we had continued to build out some gathering lines as we move through the first quarter. As those volumes come back, we believe we're going to have the capacity to capture the gas much more fully than we did say in the January or February time frame.
Michael Blum: Okay. Great. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: And next we'll go to Jean Ann Salisbury with Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: If ethane price were to rise to the $0.30 or $0.40 range next year, would that be enough incentive for you to recover the gas in the Bakken, even if it didn't cover your full midstream tariffs? And do you have the contractual capability to do that?
Kevin Burdick: Did you say $0.30 to $0.40 ethane values?
Jean Ann Salisbury: Yes. Yes for ethane. Yes.
Terry Spencer: We always have the ability to flex our rates if we need to to be able to bring ethane on, on an economic basis. So that is always out there that we have the ability not only in the Bakken or Williston, we also have that ability in the Mid-Continent. So if we see the opportunity to be able to flex our rates a little bit to bring volume on we will do that. We also have to be cognizant of is if the market is bounced at certain prices, if we bring more volume on from another basin, it could push out volume from a basin that is flowing today. So we take all those things into consideration. But to answer your question, we do have that ability to flex our rates -- our NGL rates out of the Williston Basin.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. We could add to that to your comments about ethane is what you're seeing in the Mid-Continent with the strength in ethane prices today and natural gas prices being as weak, what could affect us in 2020 fairly significantly if this continues is we could see producers and processors begin to extract ethane in the Mid-Continent and other places as well, right?
Terry Spencer: That's very true, because the numbers right now are very, very close to recovery economics in the Mid-Continent. And if you take everything into consideration increased propane recoveries when you're in, ethane recovery you could make an argument that in May, we could see some more ethane come out of the Mid-Con that we hadn't predicted.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Next we'll go to Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company.
Colton Bean: So, just really a quick one. I think last quarter, Chuck, you may have mentioned that you guys looking at a proceeding agreement for residue gas takeaway out of the Bakken. Can you just update us on where you stand with that, and if that project has been impacted at all by the production outlook?
Chuck Kelley: Sure, Colton. Yeah. I mean with everything evolving, our producer forecast evolving and what have you in the basin like anything we've kind of taken a step back and we're trying to determine when we see the full need for that project. The way it sits today, I was looking -- we were looking at potentially fourth quarter of 2022. I'm not quite sure honestly, if that's been moved out yet or not. We're still evaluating that.
Colton Bean: Got it. Appreciate that.
Operator: And next we'll go to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my questions and glad to hear everybody and their friends are all well. Can you just talk -- Shneur mentioned this in the first question, just the cadence within your guidance for 2020. And the only reason I ask that is first quarter you did around $700 million of EBITDA. The midpoint of your guidance would imply you keep doing around $700 million of EBITDA each quarter. But the first quarter impact was before all the shut-ins and before all the production cuts. Just kind of what's offsetting that? Like what keeps you kind of at that $700 million quarterly run rate? Can you just high level kind of the puts and the takes a little bit?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Michael the way I guess I would think about that is, you got to remember in the first quarter we always have a winter impact and we were bringing -- we are bringing a lot of these assets online. And so we moved -- as we think about January and February, it wasn't really till we came out in early March that we saw some of the volumes pick up like we expected. Clearly, if you see curtailments as we move through April, May and June, obviously, you're going to see a step down as you move through the second quarter, but then recovery back as we move our way through the back half of the year. So yes, you would expect to see a step down in the second quarter with that recovery in the back half.
Michael Lapides: And is that recovery predicated on Bakken producers, re-ramping up production starting in the fourth quarter? And at the current strip price, does that give them the economic incentive to do so, so quickly?
Kevin Burdick: Clearly Bakken volumes would be a component of that. But again with our West Texas expansion, with the other assets we brought online, with what we're seeing in the NGL markets and for marketing inventory storage type opportunities, there's a lot of things that I think could -- as we move through the second quarter that could play out for the back half of the year.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one last one. Just curious, if you're thinking about the potential for any repurposing of any of your existing assets? I mean lots of moving parts across oil gas NGLs. Just curious if there are opportunities whether in storage, whether in existing older pipe to repurpose things given what's just going on in the marketplace.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, we can -- this is Sheridan. We continue to always look at that. And as we expressed earlier, we thought there was always an opportunity to maybe repurpose West Texas Pipeline for crude oil that was -- if that opportunity would manifest itself. So we continue to look at those opportunities as we continue to go forward. Obviously, storage right now is a big commodity that everybody is looking at with the shape of the prices right now that we continue to evaluate. Right now we do think our storage is better used as NGL to play that part of the structure of the market than it is in other product, but we do continue to evaluate the ability to repurpose assets into other service.
Michael Lapides : Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: We'll go to Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking..
Terry Spencer: Hey, Chris.
Chris Sighinolfi: I have two questions, Terry if I could. The first you followed I think from Tristan's your line of inquiry just about credit rating. I don't know if that one's for you or Walt maybe it involves more of a Board readthrough. But can you just walk us through how you guys think about leverage and the rating? You've talked about capital declines that are possible. Certainly, I think, I was reading into that like how low could the spending be next year. But I guess what I'm getting after is at what point does the dividend come into conversation? Walt, you had mentioned sort of multiple levers and you talked about CapEx first. And I'm just curious how everybody thinks about those components put together.
Walt Hulse: Well because -- I think it's fair to say that we continually evaluate all options available. But I think it's really important to understand that with the CapEx that we've reduced that we will be cash flow positive definitely in the third and fourth quarter and into 2021. So deleveraging will happen. It's just a question of the pace if there are things that we might do to accelerate that pace. If that makes sense we'll go down that path. But I think Terry addressed our view on the dividend while we look at it on a quarterly basis we will be earning cash flow to pay it going forward. That's our expectation.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. I'm sorry, if I missed that in the prepared statement. And then I want to follow up -- I appreciate the NGL conversation. We've been thinking about it. Similarly to Sheridan some of the things that you and Kevin have talked about. I'm curious and there's a lot of focus on crude storage. We obviously get purity product NGL storage reported. There's Y-grade capacity, obviously, that's significant behind that and fungible. And I'm just wondering if there's anything that you're seeing that would lead to concerns around an NGL storage situation. And as it pertains to that any update you guys can give as we start to get Mid-Con or Rocky shut-ins what Belvieu Conway might do? Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Chris, this is Sheridan. I would say in terms of NGL storage capacity we feel we are in a great position on our NGL storage capacity. One is we're at a seasonal time when storage capacity is low where you'd see more building in a normal year. Obviously, this is an abnormal year. But also at this time right now we are seeing great demand for the NGL products. Propane is really being demanded from exporters. Even at times in Mont Belvieu we can't supply with our current production all the needs from people buying product down there that we typically sell to. So propane -- that's why we're seeing propane trade so well versus crude. And we also are seeing that phenomenon on the ethane market that the petchems are still having a very good demand that we've actually had to turn some people away for that we typically supply ethane to because we don't see that we'll have that product in the next month. Now if more ethane comes on through recovery we will be able to satisfy those needs, but we are seeing very good demand for our two biggest products which leads to that we think we have plenty of storage capacity not only for regular operations, but also to be able to capture some of the opportunities that the market are giving us in the contango market that we're seeing.
Walt Hulse: So Chris, I'm just going to add -- reiterate one thing that Sheridan said earlier in his answer was with respect to propane storage inventory is at a seasonal level. The capacity is -- actually we've got plenty of capacity. So this is the time of year when propane retailers start putting product in hold. And -- so I just want to make sure that was clear.
Operator: And next we'll go to Dan Lungo with Bank of America.
Dan Lungo: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry to push on the dividend a little bit. But when it comes to maintaining the investment-grade ratings, based on your current projections if you're at the lower end of your EBITDA range, you're going to be above that all important five times marker which is a trigger for downward high yield if it's sustained for a longer period of time. So without a serious recovery in EBITDA or -- in 2021, it just seems like you only need to be pulling additional levers to maintain that investment-grade rating if things end up being worse than expected. So I'm just wondering how do you weigh in maintaining a dividend versus staying in the investment-grade rating?
Kevin Burdick: Dan, I would tell you that we speak to the rating agencies regularly. I don't know that I necessarily agree entirely with your expectations of where leverage will be on a long-term basis here. And we've spoken about the dividend three times now. So we're not going to get back into it.
Dan Lungo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: Good morning guys. I'm still confused about this page five the footnote. Is it -- is the change in the drop from $0.92 to $0.85 tied to NGL prices crude prices? With the decline in NGL prices from Q1 to Q2 and the increased shut-ins are we going to see that rate drop further? Is it a good run rate to use?
Kevin Burdick: Becca this is Kevin. Chuck spoke to that earlier to the earlier question about what drives that fee rate change and that disclaimer. So yes, there are thresholds that he mentioned that are dependent on a variety of things. And we're not going to provide an update at this point of what we think that range would be. But we can tell you that as we've factored in all those scenarios that various outcomes have gone into the $2.6 billion to $3 billion EBITDA range that we provided.
Becca Followill: Thank you.
Operator: Moving on we'll go to Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So it looks like you've done a lot of really good work here on the scenario analysis. And with respect to this kind of $2.6 billion lower end of EBITDA kind of outcome, I think it seems like you have pretty good confidence that that's the low end. What would have to happen in order for that EBITDA to be below that end?
Kevin Burdick: We're not -- Elvira, we're not going to go there as far as providing that information. Like we said, we ran a variety of scenarios that considered a variety of different price, volume, producer activity outcomes. And we believe that the EBITDA is likely to fall within that $2.6 billion to $3.0 billion range. And that's what we're providing at this point.
Walt Hulse: Elvira, as I indicated earlier, the numbers consider substantial curtailments and a significant duration of this downturn. So I think that's about as much as we can give you.
Elvira Scotto: No. That's really helpful. And then just my last follow-up question here is in some of these conversations that you've had with some of maybe your Bakken producer customers, at what point would you expect activity to pick up? And when I say that I mean, at what commodity price? And maybe you can kind of -- you can think back to that 2015, 2016 time period?
Kevin Burdick: Well this is Kevin. And I think there's a couple of dynamics there. One is, if they're curtailing gas, what price does it take to have them bring curtail gas back. And without giving a specific number, obviously they're looking at what their variable cost to produce is. That will vary by producer and it'll vary by location. So that's what will go into that. So clearly, that's a lower price. As we think about the next tranche would be completions. There's still 400-plus DUCs in the basin. So that we -- that's going to have a price -- that activity would come back. So, as we move -- as prices improve, those are the things that we'll watch as the curtail gas will come back first and then you'll start seeing completion crews added and producers work off their DUCs.
Terry Spencer: Elvira, I think -- thanks. Terry. I think it's fair to say that if we see a -- this continued downturn, the faster producers curtail and correct the supply and demand imbalance the faster there'll be a recovery. That's how we look at it.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning. First, let me just congratulate you on holding off on the less-economic initial forays in the long desired crude gathering and export terminal opportunities. Sometimes what we don't do is more important than what we do. With respect to in-flight growth projects that are now on hold, do you see a pecking order among them in terms of what might come online first or resumed first?
Kevin Burdick: No I don't know that we would look at it that way. I think it'll be -- as we talk to our customers in each of our basins, we'll -- that's what we'll look at. So, if we continue to see -- we've seen some really strong growth out of the Permian up until the collapse and if we see that continue, then obviously the West Texas expansion would be back on the table. And similarly in the Bakken, if we saw certain areas. And remember with Bear Creek, it is a very -- it's a geographically isolated area. So, it would be specific producers, showing a desire to get activity back in a certain area of the Bakken. So that's the type of thing that would cause Bear Creek to come back online. But it'll be producer-by-producer, processor-by-processor type discussions that will drive those projects.
Terry Spencer: Craig I think the other thing that you could see and I've been through this -- through these cycles so many times I can't count. But I think the thing we've seen in the G&P space over the years is that when you get into these down cycles, people start talking that is midstream companies start talking about asset consolidation and shutting underutilized facilities down and underutilized gathering systems and doing offloads. And you could see those kinds of things that it's going to matter which side of the coin you're on could brought by either revenue benefit or cost savings benefit. So, we could see some of those discussions happening as we go forward.
Craig Shere: Terry, I'm sorry. So you could see yourself as a potential consolidator on some distressed assets?
Terry Spencer: Sure. Well we could potentially -- there might be facilities that we believe make more sense that we could idle for a period of time and deliver volumes to somebody who has available capacity.
Walt Hulse: So just to say I hear a thing that in an operational way, there's an opportunity to consolidate and find good economic outcomes between multiple different companies.
Terry Spencer: Exactly. You do that through offload processing deals or onload -- if you're the receiver you do that through an onload processing deal. It doesn't involve ownership. Thanks Walt.
Craig Shere: I got you. And I don't know if Walt wants to chime in again and sorry for beating a dead horse. We've had some questions about dire worst-case leverage conditions and potential additional levers. I want to focus more on patience. So, if credit isn't deteriorating to untenable levels, but lower for longer lasts much longer than perhaps envisioned today, is there a limit to how many years you're willing to wait for organic improvement in your targeted net debt-to-EBITDA ratio?
Walt Hulse: Yes, Craig. That's a quite hypothetical question. I would tell you that -- I would point you to talk to the rating agencies about their view on timing. I think for investment-grade companies, it tends to be a little bit longer view than quarter-to-quarter. And so, as we see this playing out, we see ourselves naturally delevering and we're going to look at other opportunities that might help that along. But I would say if you get out years into this sure everything is on the table. But you're -- that's pretty hypothetical.
Operator: And this concludes the conference call and I'll pass it back to Mr. Ziola.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Thank you everyone. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until we release earnings in late July. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Again thank you all for joining us and the IR team will be available throughout the day and the week in case you have more follow-up questions. Thank you, very much and have a good day.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you and good morning, and welcome to ONEOK's Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Call. This call is being webcast live, and a replay will be made available. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and '34. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued trust and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. 2019 was an outstanding year, a year of project execution and record-setting safety performance for ONEOK, positioning ourselves for exceptional growth in 2020 and 2021. Yesterday, we announced fourth quarter and full year 2019 results, announced our 2020 guidance and provided a 2021 outlook. We also announced 3 expansion projects that will further strengthen ONEOK's position in the Williston and Permian Basins, and increase the needed natural gas processing and NGL transportation capacity for our customers. It is important to point out that these high-return projects build off of our existing assets. These projects include the Demicks Lake III plant in the Williston Basin, the full expansion of the Elk Creek pipeline to 400,000 barrels per day and the fourth expansion of the West Texas LPG pipeline since October 2017. Our growth program is providing critical natural gas and NGL infrastructure to our customers, including assets to help significantly reduce natural gas flaring in the Williston Basin and provide increased connectivity all the way to the Texas Gulf Coast. Upon completion, our announced projects will expand the backbone of our NGL business and will add processing capacity to further strengthen our position as a leading midstream service provider. As for project updates, we announced that Elk Creek was completed in mid-December, Demicks Lake I and II were completed in October 2019 and January 2020, respectively, and the first phase of the MB-4 fractionator was completed in late December. Kevin will provide more color on the projects that are slated for completion here in the first quarter. Our last earnings call in late October, I made a comment that 2021 is setting up to be another year of double-digits growth. With many of our projects being completed this year and into next year, we are confident in our 2020 [Later changed by the Company to 2021] earnings outlook of adjusted EBITDA increasing approximately 20% compared to our 2020 guidance midpoint. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Terry, ONEOK's 2019 net income totaled $1.28 billion or $3.07 per share, an 11% increase compared with 2018. In 2019, adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.58 billion, a 5% increase year-over-year. Natural gas liquids and natural gas volume growth, higher average fee rates and increased transportation capacity contracted, all contributed to a strong 2019 performance. The natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas pipeline segments ended the year with adjusted EBITDA increases of 11% and 12%, respectively, compared with 2018, exceeding the high end of the 2019 guidance range in both segments. The natural gas liquids segment adjusted EBITDA increased 2% compared with 2018, about 4% below the low end of the 2019 guidance range, due primarily to narrower-than-expected NGL price differentials. Distributable cash flow for 2019 was $2.02 billion, up 11% compared to 2018, with a healthy full year dividend coverage of 1.38x. We also generated nearly $560 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in 2019. Our annual dividends paid during 2019 were $3.53 per share, a 9% increase compared with 2018, in line with our previously stated guidance. And in January, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis, also an increase of 9% compared with the first quarter of 2018. Our December 31 net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.8x. We continue to expect to be at 4x debt-to-EBITDA run rate in late 2020 or early 2021 with deleveraging continuing thereafter as volumes ramp and additional projects come online. We ended the year having no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility and $220 million of commercial paper outstanding. As Terry mentioned, with yesterday's earnings announcement, we provided detailed 2020 financial and volume guidance and a 2021 outlook. Our 2020 guidance includes increases in our earnings per share and adjusted EBITDA midpoints of 16% and 25%, respectively, compared with 2019. We expect double-digit year-over-year earnings growth in our natural gas liquids and our natural gas gathering and processing segments of 15% and 11%, respectively. Our natural gas pipeline segment had a strong 2019, and we expect another solid year of performance for the segment in 2020. Key drivers to achieving our 2020 financial guidance expectations include volume growth expected from the Elk Creek pipeline and the Demicks Lake processing plants, and contributions from the Arbuckle II pipeline, the MB-4 fractionator and the second West Texas LPG expansion, all projects that we expect to be completed here in the first quarter. Our 2020 growth capital guidance range of $2.25 billion to $2.73 billion is a significant decrease compared with our peak CapEx spend in 2019 and incorporates the projects we announced yesterday. As a reminder, what we call routine growth capital such as well connections and plant connections is included in this number. Our 2021 outlook of an approximate 20% increase in adjusted EBITDA compared with the 2020 guidance midpoint is driven by continued volume growth on Elk Creek resulting from the increased volumes from plants connected in 2020, the Bakken NGL pipeline extension and the Bear Creek expansion. Volume growth in the Permian Basin and the Gulf Coast from the completion of the MB-5 fractionator and the third and fourth expansions of West Texas LPG pipeline will also contribute to the 2021 increase. With these project completions this year and early next year, total capital expenditures are expected to decrease significantly in 2021 relative to 2020. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our operating segments.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. 2019 was an impressive year with strong producer activity across our operations, driving NGL raw feed throughput and natural gas processed volume increases of 7% compared with 2018. We expect volumes to continue to increase in 2020 and our earnings to remain more than 90% fee-based. As Terry said, we completed our Demicks Lake II plant in the Williston Basin in January and expect to complete 3 additional NGL projects by the end of the first quarter. Overall, our projects are on time and on budget, positioning us well for continued growth as volumes on these projects ramp up. Let's start with our Rocky Mountain region, which includes the Williston and Powder River Basins. Producer activity remains strong in both the Williston and Powder River basins. North Dakota continues to see natural gas production of more than 3 billion cubic feet per day, and the basin-wide rig count remains in the 50 to 55 range with approximately 25 rigs on our dedicated acreage. Rig counts have remained consistent in this $50 to $55 WTI crude oil price environment, which we expect to continue. Natural gas volumes processed in the Rocky Mountain region increased 11% in both the fourth quarter and full year 2019 compared with the same periods in 2018. Processed volumes averaged 1.05 billion cubic feet per day for 2019, above the midpoint of our volume guidance range. We expect processed volumes from this region to increase more than 25% compared with 2019 due to the completion of the Demicks Lake plants as we significantly reduce gas currently being flared. We connected 526 wells in the Rocky Mountain region in 2019. Better-than-expected well performance and higher gas to oil ratios contributed to volume growth even with producers temporarily delaying well completions until our Demicks Lake plants came online. We expect to connect between 575 and 625 wells in 2020. Our 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake I natural gas processing plant that was placed in service in the fourth quarter is expected to be full by the end of the first quarter. We expect our Demicks Lake II plant to ramp to full capacity over the next 12 to 18 months. With the latest reported natural gas flaring data of approximately 500 million cubic feet per day in the basin and approximately 300 million of that on ONEOK's dedicated acreage, we now have the capacity available to capture a significant portion of this flared gas. Our Bear Creek plant remains on schedule to be completed early in the first quarter of 2021, which will provide much-needed processing capacity to the highly productive geographically isolated Dunn County area, where we have substantial acreage dedications. The Demicks Lake expansion will provide an additional 200 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity when it is completed in the third quarter of 2021. With the completion of these 2 facilities, ONEOK will have approximately 1.9 billion cubic feet per day of processing capacity in the Williston Basin. NGL raw feed throughput volumes in the Rocky Mountain region, which consists of Elk Creek and the Bakken NGL pipeline, increased 9% compared with the third quarter 2019 and 23% compared with the full year 2018. We expect our Rocky Mountain NGL volumes to continue to increase as approximately 850 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity from ONEOK and third-party plants has come online since the third quarter 2019. We recently reached more than 230,000 barrels per day of raw feed throughput on Elk Creek and the Bakken NGL pipeline combined and continue to expect to exit the first quarter of 2020 with more than 240,000 barrels per day. Yesterday, we announced an expansion of the Elk Creek pipeline to its full capacity of 400,000 barrels per day. The expansion is supported by well over 240,000 barrels per day of long-term dedicated production from ONEOK and third-party plants, excluding any incremental ethane. Of the 160,000 barrel per day expansion, approximately 60,000 barrels per day of the capacity is expected to be available in early 2021 and the remaining 100,000 barrels per day by the third quarter of 2021. We also see -- continue to see growth in the Powder River Basin as production results remain strong, benefiting both our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. Moving on to the Mid-Continent. Natural gas volumes processed increased 3% year-over-year, above the midpoint of our guidance range, connecting 117 wells to our gathering and processing system. Based on recent discussions with our customers, we expect our natural gas volumes processed in the Mid-Continent region to decrease approximately 10% this year compared with 2019 and expect to connect 40 to 60 wells. Total NGL raw feed throughput in the Mid-Continent region for the fourth quarter decreased slightly compared with the third quarter, due primarily to spot volumes in the third quarter that did not carry over to the fourth quarter. Outside of ethane rejection, we expect relatively flat Mid-Continent volumes on our system in 2020 compared with the fourth quarter 2019. During 2019, we connected 5 new third-party processing plants to our natural gas liquids system in the region, and 2 previously connected third-party plants on our system were expanded. Our Arbuckle II pipeline remains on schedule for completion by the end of the first quarter of 2020. Arbuckle II will play an important role in transporting incremental supply from the Williston and Powder River Basins, the Mid-Continent and the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast. Arbuckle II is the lower end of the NGL backbone and will be our fifth pipeline that can funnel supply from across our entire system to the Gulf Coast markets. Finishing with the Permian Basin and Gulf Coast. NGL raw feed throughput volumes in this region increased 22% year-over-year, and the average fee rate increased compared with the third quarter 2019. We expect average rates to continue to increase as we bring on new volumes with bundled rates from our completed expansion projects. We announced our fourth expansion of the West Texas LPG system, 100,000 barrel per day fully contracted expansion with long-term dedicated production from third-party processing plants in the region. We now have announced approximately 260,000 barrels per day of expansions on West Texas LPG to support volume growth in the region. Our system-wide NGL fractionation capacity remains highly utilized. Phase 1 of our MB-4 fractionator, which was completed in December, has increased our capacity by 75,000 barrels per day. Phase 2 of the project, which will add the remaining 50,000 barrels per day of capacity, remains on schedule for completion by the end of the first quarter of 2020. And our MB-5 fractionator remains on track for completion in the first quarter 2021. Our overall NGL segment raw feed throughput volume guidance is expected to increase 15% in 2020, driven by a full year of operations of Elk Creek and the completions of the Arbuckle II pipeline, the MB-4 fractionator and 80,000 barrel per day West Texas LPG pipeline expansion, all expected in the first quarter of 2020. Continued growth from plant connections and expansions completed in 2019 will also contribute to higher volumes in 2020. We expect 6 to 9 new third-party plant connections or expansions, including the connection already completed with Demicks Lake II. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. 2019 was another successful year for ONEOK, and I'm proud of our employees who continue to focus on safety, reliability and the execution of our growth projects. Operating our integrated network of assets in the manner for which ONEOK has a strong reputation remains our focus and is the foundation for all our successes we've discussed today, and will continue to be as we move forward as we transition from this build cycle to a period of significant cash flow generation. Thank you to all our dedicated employees for your hard work and contributions in helping us achieve another year of company-wide growth in 2019. And 2020 is off to a great start as we are in the middle of many project completions and new asset operations that will position us well in the coming years. With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Tristan Richardson with SunTrust.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate all the commentary on the expansions. Could you talk -- just a quick one. The difference on the CapEx side between Demicks III. It seems like you've got a lot of efficiencies versus the first 2 as well as the Bear Creek expansion. Just the difference in costs, should we think of that as an opportunity for enhanced return profile for Demicks III versus the others?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Tristan, this is Kevin. Yes, that's -- I mean, that's the way we think about it. The reason for the lower capital is, again, kind of more expansions when -- as we've constructed Demicks I and Demicks II, things like power, a lot of the inlet handling for the plant, some of the pipeline infrastructure, we're doing -- we're expanding existing compressor stations rather than building new compressor stations. So all those things contribute to that capital being lower than the previous projects.
Tristan Richardson: Helpful. And then -- and just on the Elk Creek expansion, in terms of the volumes behind that, should we think of that as primarily there to serve Demicks III as well as Bear Creek? Or are there -- could you talk about the quantity of other third-party plants that could be behind the latest expansion?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. I mean, that's the way to think about it. As we continue to ramp volumes with more than 240,000 barrels a day now of contracted on the pipe, we needed to expand it. We also wanted to make sure we had the ability to handle any ethane that needs to come out incrementally. But again, the economics are really based more on just the traditional, the classic C3 plus volume growth that we see. We still have a lot of opportunities, and we're in late-stage negotiations with several customers north of the river as we build that lateral that's going to connect over to the Hess plant. So there's still opportunities out there in front of us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: I was just wondering if we can dive into the 2021 plus 20% EBITDA guidance a little bit. Just trying to understand what it assumes, I guess, with -- obviously, it's -- what part of it is a ramp-up of Elk Creek, but how much ethane recovery are you assuming from the Bakken? Is it full ethane recovery? Also I was wondering if you can talk about kind of the margin uplift? If you can sort of like walk us through what is the delta between '20 and '21 in terms of what's going into your assumptions?
Kevin Burdick: Sure. Shneur, this is Kevin. Clearly, it is a Bakken-driven story. I think you start and just kind of go down the list of projects that are coming on either late this year or early, early in '21. So you've got Bear Creek II, that expansion, which, again, there's going to be some flared gas behind that facility when it's up. We've got 4 large, well-capitalized producers that are just dying to go drill down there, but there's just no capacity currently. So there's growth there. We've talked about the north lateral from our -- on our -- in our NGL segment that will go connect to the Hess Plant that will be completed in Q4 of this year. So we'll have a year of volumes on that. You've got continued just core growth in -- of our existing plants, the Demicks Lake facilities that will continue to ramp up, and then we'll have a little opportunity for Demicks III towards the end of the year. And then you mentioned the ethane opportunity that -- yes, we do have what we would consider a modest level of ethane. If you look at the production growth, that -- just from capturing the flared gas and as these other -- ours and third-party plants ramp up, it's just some math that determines we're going to need to pull some ethane out. So we've got around 25,000 to 40,000 barrels per day of ethane that we believe will come out in '21 and that is a result of the BTU heat content issue on Northern border. Permian and Gulf Coast, we've got the 3 expansions that are coming on between now and the middle of '21 that will provide additional volume growth, and we have a full year of the MB-5 fractionator in '21 as well. So you pull all that together, we see, both our NGL and G&P segments, volume growth continuing to increase, and it's going to be well into double digits.
Shneur Gershuni: That was very helpful. Really do appreciate that. Maybe as a follow-up question, kind of a two parter, if you don't mind. With your CapEx activity, I mean, despite the fact that you've announced these new projects, it is definitely lower than where it's been and you sort of see slowing producer activity. I was just wondering what are the opportunities for ONEOK to pivot and optimize on the cost side? Are there costs that you can now strip out now that you can sort of see where your business is running? And also, are you able to potentially pursue an asset-light strategy? When I sort of think about your Elk Creek expansion as well as the West Texas LPG brings a lot more volumes into -- on the NGL side, which would suggest you would need a frac. But given their excess frac capacity out there, are there ways for you to sublease others -- other fracs and sort of take advantage of that in pursuing asset-light strategy? Just sort of wondering if you can sort of talk about other ways to optimize for further earnings growth beyond 2021?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Kevin, again. I think we -- I believe we have been doing that already in a lot of ways. The previous question about Demicks Lake, that's a great example of a brownfield expansion to where we put it there. And again, we're able to significantly reduce the capital for that capacity. As we think about the fracs, I think we've done that as well. We have clear line of sight to MB-4 being full and significant volumes, if not MB-5 being full. But if you remember, the other thing we've done is we've announced like 65,000 barrels a day of, again, expansions at our existing facilities that our team was able to go find for much less capital than building another greenfield frac. And so that has delayed any discussion of an MB-6 because our team has been able to find those types of debottlenecking and expansion opportunities. So I'd like to thank our team. We've done that. And we -- that's part of our DNA as we think about how we provide the capacity for our customers. And I know you made a comment at the very beginning, I would like to just give you my point of view, and I don't think we have seen slowing producer activity on our acreage, especially when you talk about the Bakken and the Permian. Yes, the Mid-Continent has pulled back, but we haven't seen any slowed activity in the Bakken or Permian at all.
Shneur Gershuni: No. Fair enough. I do appreciate the color. Maybe one final question. When do you guys expect -- when is your next projection for ONEOK to be a cash taxpayer?
Walter Hulse: Shneur, as we've said in the past, when we did the acquisition of the partnership back in '17, we said we wouldn't be a taxpayer through 2021. We've built between $6 billion and $7 billion worth of assets with bonus depreciation that we've been able to take advantage on top of that. So we have a good runway here before we will become a taxpayer at all. And then, at some point, there will be a limitation on the utilization of the NOL that was put in place with the last tax act. But that would -- at that point, going forward, we would have kind of a 4% to 5% marginal rate somewhere out there in the future. So we don't see a full tax paying situation well into the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: If I could actually start as a follow-up to the ethane extraction in the Bakken. Should we think of this -- the ethane extraction that you'll potentially do next year as a temporary dynamic until another pipeline comes on and more Canadian gas can come back to blend with the Bakken gas? Or do you think it will be more of a permanent thing?
Kevin Burdick: Christine, this is Kevin. I think we believe it's going to be a long-term thing. Because if you think about new capacity, any new capacity that's going to come online in the Bakken, it is highly likely it's going to have a BTU spec on it also because it's not going to have other gas to blend down with like currently is going on Northern border. So at least the various projects that we've looked at and been involved with, all of those contemplate a BTU spec.
Christine Cho: Okay. That's what I thought. Just wanted to confirm. And then could you give us a breakdown of where the 6 to 9 third-party plant connections are regionally?
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. Those are going to come in -- as you'd expect, in the Bakken and in the Permian. And the 6 is pretty much half and half on each one of them. The growth is going to be some plants that will be coming on at the end of 2020 that could either be in 2020 or 2021.
Christine Cho: Okay. And is the growth primarily Bakken? Or that's also split between Permian and...
Sheridan Swords: It's split.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then can you give us an idea of the cadence and the magnitude of the third-party frac costs and rail cost roll off in 2020?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. Christine, we won't see any third-party rail costs in 2020 or we haven't predicted any since Elk Creek coming online, that has been reduced to 0. But the third-party frac will be about the same level it was in 2019 as in 2020 as we get ready for MB-5 coming online.
Christine Cho: Okay. So those costs are not going to go down this year?
Sheridan Swords: Third-party frac costs won't go down in 2020 from 2019. And that's baked into our guidance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to follow-up, I guess, with your conversations with producers in this environment and given how the commodity price has declined a bit here. Just wondering if you could relate with us, I guess, expectations for drilling activity. Has that been moderating? Or it seems like it'd all be firmly baked into your guidance at this point, but anything that you can share with us, I guess, on this topic?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, we're looking at the commodity environment very similar to our producers. Really, we focus on the crude side. We don't -- we have reduced our direct commodity exposure so significantly that really it's not that big a deal just when you get into the NGL prices or the nat gas prices. Most of the producers, our customers are telling us they're planning for a $50 crude environment. And therefore, that's the activity levels we're kind of assuming of the activity levels that you're seeing in the Bakken and the Permian in the current landscape. So that's the way we're thinking about it over the next couple of years, which we believe is very consistent with the way our customers are thinking about it.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. And just a couple of cleanup questions, I guess, with the NGL logistics side. How do you guys sit on the storage side at this point? Do you think that there's more expansions that are needed there to kind of do what you want to do in Belvieu? And then in the 2021 guide, I guess, the Conway-Belvieu spread, any thoughts you could share with us on how that lands at that point?
Sheridan Swords: Well, I'd just say on the storage side that right now, we are in the process of constructing two new storage wells, both are 1.5 million barrels. And we're also putting in a 3.5 million barrel brine pond. So right now, we do see the need to expand our storage facilities, and we are doing it, and those will come up -- one of those will come -- one of those wells will come up this year. The next one will come up next year. So we think that puts us in a very good position on our storage side to be able to handle our growth. And then on the Conway to Belvieu spread, as we said, with the Arbuckle II pipeline coming online, for sure, the spreads are going to be very narrow. And in our 2020 and 2021 guidance, we are predicting a historically low spread or very narrow spread between Conway and Belvieu.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Great. And just to confirm, I think you had said $50 to $55 is kind of the price deck that you guys are employing when you think about this guidance going forward?
Walter Hulse: Yes. From a crude activity perspective, that's the level we're thinking about it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: A couple of questions. First of all, when thinking about flaring and flaring limits, just curious do you think there's potential for North Dakota to tighten the flaring limits further? And if so, what would have to happen for that? And second, do you have any read-through or read into the recent report put out by the Railroad Commission in Texas regarding flaring there?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin. I'll start and then let Chuck jump in. I mean, the flaring -- the gas capture targets or the flaring targets in North Dakota do step down at the end of this year. They step down from 88% capture or step up from 88% capture to 91% capture. So clearly, that is one step-up in conversations we have with the state and our producers. Obviously, we want to drive that number well below that. We have experience. When you look back at '15 and '16, when we -- when midstream kind of got caught up, we drove flaring to lower levels than that. So I think that's the goal. As it relates to Texas, yes, we saw the report. I think any -- just from a regulatory perspective, I do think we'll see continued discussions around flaring. As to where that goes from a regulation standpoint, I don't know that I'd have a point of view at this point. But Chuck, anything?
Charles Kelley: Yes, I guess what I would add, in North Dakota, Michael, is that the -- kind of the interested stakeholders up there between the state, the producers and the processors have been meeting fairly regularly over the last, let's call it, 2 quarters, looking at the current flaring rules, flaring exemptions, how the interested parties can work more closely together to mitigate flaring. And there's some discussion of potentially changing some of these rules going forward, but there's nothing concrete as of yet.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then...
Terry Spencer: Michael, let me just make one quick comment to -- I'll follow-up. So with the Texas report, I think it's just indicative of the fact that the heat on producers is really going to be stepping up in terms of flaring. And I think for midstream companies, I think that actually creates, obviously, opportunity. And in particular, we're going to see, I think, a step-up in terms of infrastructure getting built or maximized in order to reduce the flaring. And obviously, when we maximize that throughput from that rich gas, we're going to create more NGLs coming out of the basin sooner rather than later. So I think that's going to -- I think it's really going to step up. And I think the step 1 was the fact that the Texas Railroad Commission acknowledged what was happening. I think they did some really -- kind of took a unique look at it in terms of intensity of flaring. I think it really showed a picture that it's going to have to be addressed. And the regulators are going to have to address it and midstream's going to be a big part of that solution, of course.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one follow-up just on the guidance. The growth CapEx range is a pretty wide range to give in February of the prompt here. Just curious what anchors the low and the high end of that range?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin. Similar to last year, when we had an even wider range, it really comes down to timing. You look at the number of projects we have -- we're expecting to come online in the first quarter. If we're always looking for ways to pull those back, if those get pulled back and we start realizing the EBITDA sooner, we'd love to do that, but that may pull a little capital that would move you towards the high end. Conversely, if some of these things, if they go the other direction for whatever reason, it could slow down some of the capital spend in '20 that would move you towards the low end. So it's really just going to come down to timing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company.
Colton Bean: So just to follow-up there on the 2020 capital program. Can you clarify how much of that is attributable to the $900 million of backlog additions you slated for 2021?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. About half of the $900 million we announced is 2020 spend.
Colton Bean: Got it. That's helpful. And then with Demicks Lake III announced slated for '21, how are you evaluating absolute residue gas takeaway, understanding the comments earlier on heat content, but just in terms of absolute dry gas capacity?
Charles Kelley: Yes. Colton, this is Chuck. What I could say, I mean, obviously, you're going to need residue gas takeaway. We've said before some time in '22, perhaps 2023. We're currently in late-stage negotiations, negotiating a proceeding agreement with the project coming out of the Bakken. We're under an NDA, so we can't go into that any further. However, we believe some time in the next month or two, you should see some information come out publicly.
Colton Bean: Understood. And just a final one from me. On the Elk Creek expansion, is that effectively an all or nothing type process? Or could you add horsepower more ratably as it's needed?
Sheridan Swords: Well, Colton, this is Sheridan. As you said -- we said in our remarks that we will get some of that early in 2021 and then the later will come in later 2021, so we are ramping up that capacity as we go through the year. And if some reason we could slow it down if we needed to. We don't see that happening, but we could. We will get some as we go through the 2021. So we are ramping up the capacity.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Derek Walker with Bank of America.
Derek Walker: Just a couple of ones for me. Maybe I'll follow-up on the growth CapEx. I think you've talked to sort of the routine CapEx before around well connects and plant connects. How much of the 2020 growth CapEx is considered routine CapEx? And then similarly, kind of going into '21, you mentioned a step down in growth CapEx again. Should we kind of think of a similar run rate for routine CapEx in '21? Or should we think of that directionally up or down?
Walter Hulse: Yes. Over the years, we've said that our growth -- our routine growth CapEx is somewhere between $250 million to $400 million or so. It varies depending on where the plants are that we have to connect or the wells we're connecting, but it always is in that range. It's included in our guidance for 2020. From a growth CapEx standpoint, it wouldn't be significantly different in 2021, but we expect a meaningful step down in CapEx from 2020 to 2021 in the range of $1 billion less in 2021 than we will have in 2020.
Derek Walker: Got it. And then maybe I'll just ask a quick one on the dividend policy. You hit 9% last year. Should we think about 9% again in '21? Or should we think about kind of a normalized sort of rate relative to either the dividend [indiscernible] or perhaps some of the larger midstream names in the space?
Walter Hulse: Well, we've guided pretty regularly since 2017 that through 2021, we would pay in that 9% to 11% range. We've been at 9% throughout. And we don't see anything at this point that will change that view through 2021, and we're not going to give a view pass that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Kevin, I just wanted to go back maybe to something Michael was asking, but ask it slightly differently. And that's on flared volumes on the Rocky's footprint today, I believe, in your January update, you'd noted, for November, it was about 300 million cubic feet a day net to your acreage. I'm just curious, I guess, as a starting measure, where that is today? And then if we look at the growth in gathered volumes you've modeled or anticipate for 2020 versus what you did in the fourth quarter, how much of that is like phasing growth versus how much of that is flared capture? And I ask just to better understand the walk, but also where is that -- sort of as a set up to where that leaves us in '21?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Chris, clearly, the -- I mean, the latest number -- we have another month, it was basically flat, maybe a little bit -- our flaring on ours was a little bit less, but we're still in that 300 range. As we look going forward, we -- sorry, there's an echo here that's kind of messing with me. But as we look going forward, the volumes of the flared gas capture will drive -- especially as we move through the early parts of the year, we'll drive that flaring down significantly. But again, with the DUCs, with the rig count that's still running, as we kind of get towards the back half of '20 and going to '21, you still got just straight production growth at the rig counts we're currently seeing and the productivity of the wells being drilled. And then the other -- again, I mentioned earlier that another key volume dynamic for the growth is Bear creek II, that there's going to be some flared gas behind that system because it's geographically isolated. And we fully anticipate, as we get capacity down there, you're going to see some rig movements into that region to drill that area up.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. That's very helpful. I guess, as a related point, Kevin, for those watching, I guess, inlet volumes at this creek plants, are we likely to see volumes sort of wheel to your newer facilities for processing before the aggregate footprint more broadly fills up? Are there efficiencies in having, I guess, an expanded plant portfolio where you're not -- where certain plants maybe are not isolated, but connected? Or, I guess, a longer-dated question, when you start to recover as staying on the plan for '21, are we likely to see that sort of disproportionately affecting certain plants and not others? I'm just asking because I know some people track individual facilities.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. We look at our system in total. Again, with the exception of Bear Creek, that area, the rest of our system, we look at it in total. And absolutely, we'll see some gas move from, say, Garden Creek to Demicks Lake and from Lonesome Creek to Garden Creek as we optimize our system. We'll push the gas to the plant and the facility that we believe we can get -- do it for the least cost and take advantage of our assets. So you will see some of that go on, but it really doesn't impact ethane recovery. Again, it will be a similar argument or discussion. If we start recovering -- or need to recover a little ethane that will ultimately come down to what the -- how the tariff is worded from a Northern border standpoint if there is a change there and how we want to operate our facilities.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. Great. And if I could ask one final question, totally different. Can you just remind me some of the drivers of outperformance for the nat gas segment -- pipe segment in '19? I noted a modest EBITDA reduction that I think you're guiding for '20. It looks like you remain very well contracted on the capacity there. So I'm just, I guess, wondering if it's a rate or a cost issue? Or if it's something entirely different?
Charles Kelley: Chris, this is Chuck. So our 2019 outperformance was really driven by the capturing -- or the -- excuse me, the interruptible volumes that we flow. There was great demand particularly in Texas and Oklahoma on our interruptible capacities. But within the Permian Basin, they're being less takeaway capacity alternatives. And certainly, we had a real strong Q3 with very, very good cooling and relative generational load for the heat generating cooling. So that was 2019, the uplift. As you compare it year-over-year, what we did in looking at 2020 guidance, we typically will normalize our spring and summer electric generation loads. So as you look at our midpoint in 2020, we do have some upside in there should there be a repeat of a good strong summer, so our interruptible volumes can help us to the upside. And I might add that, recently, Permian Highway has indicated that they will be delayed until Q1 of 2021. So that potentially presents another opportunity for our Texas intrastates to capture some more interruptible transport services.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Question on the 100,000 barrels a day West Texas LPG expansion. Is that -- are those new plants that are sort of fueling those commitments? Or are you taking market share from others?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. We're doing both. We're getting plants -- new plants that are being connected, and we are getting volume off of the existing plants that are going to other pipelines.
Michael Blum: Okay. And then just turning to the '21 guidance, how much of the growth coming out of the Rocky Mountain region is contingent on Powder River Basin development versus just continued growth in the Bakken?
Kevin Burdick: Michael, both segments. It would be a very modest level of increase. It's not a driver. The driver is the Bakken and the Permian.
Terry Spencer: But Michael, don't let that be an indication of how we feel about the Powder, okay? We think the Powder has got a lot of unrealized potential. It could be -- it could -- and it just needs a little bit of price help, and we're certainly well positioned to be able to exploit that if, in fact, it -- the Powder does get a little bit of price help.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kania with Wolfe Research.
Alexis Kania: I guess, just a follow-up question with respect to West Texas LPG. With the expansion, more or less set, how do you think about the timetable with respect to your options related to conversion or repurposing of the legacy pipe?
Sheridan Swords: Alex, this is Sheridan. We -- with this latest expansion that we announced, we still have a little bit more expansion to do before we can free up one of the pipes to go into an alternative service. We did contemplate making a full expansion of the pipeline to open up the legacy pipe into a different service, but with -- we want to have better clarity and better line of sight into additional volume that we predict will be coming on later before we would go ahead and do the full loop -- complete the full loop of the West Texas pipeline, freeing up the legacy system for a different service.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: I got on the call late, just a couple of clarifications. I know you might have touched it. On the leverage side, I think you mentioned that you expect to get to close to 4x leverage some time in 2020. Is that correct? And if so, any -- if you can talk anything about funding assumptions that go into that?
Walter Hulse: Well, what we said in the prepared remarks was that the expectation that we've said before remains the same that we expect to be at 4x debt-to-EBITDA on a run rate basis either in the fourth quarter of 2020 or in early 2021. So that doesn't change. And then we expect to continue to delever further as we go beyond that period in 2021 as these projects come on, CapEx goes down and cash flows increase. So nothing's changed.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Got it. And then one kind of broader question. I think in the past, you've talked about corporate M&A and the industry environment not being that conducive to that. I was wondering if you're seeing anything different in the industry environment right now?
Terry Spencer: No. No difference. Still a tough environment from an M&A perspective. We're going to stay focused on this organic growth strategy. If we do take advantage of some M&A opportunity, it'll more be in the area of the strategic bolt-on asset type acquisition. So our thinking really hasn't changed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Mateer with Barclays.
Harry Mateer: Sorry, first, just a follow-up on the last question. But you guys previously have talked about a 3.5x aspirational leverage target. And just want to confirm if that's still the case? And have you given any consideration to making that less of an aspirational target and more of an actual target potentially with some firmer time guidelines, just given how shaky the macro backdrop feels?
Walter Hulse: Well, if you just do the projections out based on the guidance that we've given you, you'll see that we go towards and through that 3.5x pretty quickly. What we said is that we thought aspirationally, on a going-forward basis, that we would be around that 3.5x as we saw continued growth going forward. If we don't see additional growth from where we are today, we will be well below 3.5x.
Harry Mateer: Got it. Okay. And then financing needs this year, if you could just talk about what your plans might be? Your next bond maturity is until 2022, but you do have a 2021 term loan that's prepayable. And you guys will outspend cash flow this year, again, after all the CapEx and dividend. So just curious how you're thinking about possible debt capital needs, especially given that 10 years almost at 1.3% right now?
Walter Hulse: We'll obviously build some short-term debt as we finish up this construction program. And you're right. We do have the term loan out there coming due in 2021. So we'll keep our eye on the market. And when we think it's appropriate, we may access the debt market. Obviously, we have no equity financing whatsoever in our thoughts.
Harry Mateer: Got it. Okay. And then last one for me, just putting different parts together in terms of your EBITDA growth for '21 and then the indication you gave about $1 billion of less CapEx in '21 versus '20. It seems like things are aligning for you to be at least free cash flow neutral after growth CapEx and the dividend. So -- and there are a number of other -- of your large-cap midstream companies that are trying to get there next year as well. So is that something like true free cash flow generation that you're thinking of targeting as a matter of policy? Or is it really, at this point, still just dependent on what other projects you might find?
Walter Hulse: Well, we're not going to give forward guidance out there. Again, if you do the math on what we've had out there, it will be a reality that that's where we'll be going forward. And we'll see what the future brings. But we're in a position where, on a going-forward basis, the company is going to generate a very significant amount of cash, well above dividends.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: A quick question for me. Did you guys outline what price assumptions you have for the gathering and processing business for NGLs and natural gas included?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Danilo, this is Kevin. Yes, we're -- like we mentioned, we're looking at the crude environment in that $50, $55 type environment. Again, we're not that -- the direct commodity exposure we have is very limited, but we're thinking about nat gas prices and NGL prices not out of the -- not significantly different than like we look at the strip over the next year or so.
Danilo Juvane: I guess, so your guidance is premised on this basically strip budget for the entirety of the year?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. When you look at our guidance, that's the way we're thinking about those prices.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Congratulations on the new project announcements. Apologies, I was on the call a little late. So if you already addressed, we can skip it. But any comments on the export opportunities. And Walt, as you kind of have answered 2 or 3 questions about leverage, is there a downside limit where it just doesn't make sense to let that ratio fall any further, if you don't have sufficient growth CapEx and M&A available, a point where you have to think about new dividend or share buyback policy?
Walter Hulse: Well, as it relates to the second part of your question, obviously, as our debt gets paid down to the levels that I was just discussing, it opens up a lot of alternatives for us, whether it be share buybacks or dividends or whatever. But I think the key is that it will be -- we'll have the flexibility to do what we think is appropriate at that time. And as for the docks...
Craig Shere: Like, are you willing to go under 3x?
Walter Hulse: I'm sorry.
Craig Shere: Are you just willing to go under 3x?
Walter Hulse: Craig, we'll cross that bridge when we get there and see what the market environment is. But we're not there today. And so we're not going to speculate as to what the market is going to be at that point going forward.
Kevin Burdick: And Craig, this is Kevin. On the dock, similar as we have been communicating. It's still part of the business we would love to have. It's not something that we think we have to have, but we have a team working it very hard. Again, we're very confident that our barrels will continue to clear. We're not directly -- we don't have the price exposure to determine what the relative that -- or what that real value of the prices are on the Gulf Coast. But we'll keep working that opportunity. When we get the markets -- when I say the markets on the customers that we would be selling to, we have a lot of conversations around the globe with them, at the same time having conversations with people in the Gulf Coast about what are the dock and partnership opportunities there. So we'll keep working those. And when we get it all lined up, that's when we might make an announcement.
Terry Spencer: Craig, I'll just [indiscernible]. Craig, let me just make one follow-up comment to Walt's comment, the company has historically always managed the balance sheet in a very prudent way with an emphasis toward being investment grade. I mean, that's -- if you want to look for some -- hard line somewhere, that will be a hard line for us. And so as we think longer term, the company is always going to do what makes sense and is prudent, okay? And we've shown a long history of doing that. So that's what you can hang your hat on. That there's my speech.
Craig Shere: Okay. Just as my last follow-up. I was just wondering -- I don't know if Kevin wants to come back. But if LPG's, ethane or anything else was looking like the strongest horse in the race in terms of your ideal opportunities?
Kevin Burdick: In regards to export facility, Craig?
Craig Shere: Yes.
Kevin Burdick: Okay. Yes. It would be -- LPGs is where the significant focus is right now. And we're not ignoring the ethane opportunities that may come our way. But I think LPGs are the ones driving the majority of the conversations at this point.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn it back to Andrew Ziola for closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extends until we release earnings in late April. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Again, thank you all for joining us, and the IR team will be available throughout the day for your questions. Have a good rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Third Quarter 2019 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Travis, and welcome to ONEOK's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be made available. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. Yesterday, we announced third quarter earnings results and updated our 2019 financial guidance expectations. The first nine months have set us up well for another year of companywide earnings growth in 2019 and have laid the foundation for continued growth next year. We also reiterated our outlook for greater than 20% earnings growth in 2020. We provided updated timing on several of our capital growth projects including our Demicks Lake I natural gas processing plant in North Dakota, which was completed earlier this month and our Demicks Lake II plant, which we expect to complete in January 2020. The northern section of our Elk Creek NGL pipeline is expected to begin line fill activities in November and will provide meaningful volume and earnings growth as we exit the year. Between now and the end of the first quarter of 2020, we expect to fully complete five growth projects that will add more than 700,000 barrels per day of NGL transportation capacity, a 125,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity and an additional 400 million cubic feet of natural gas processing capacity, including Demicks Lake plants. This critical natural gas and NGL infrastructure including assets to help significantly reduce natural gas flaring in Williston Basin, will provide immediate earnings and volume up lift in 2020 and stable fee based growth for years to come. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt's for comments on our third quarter results.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's third quarter 2019 net income totaled $309 million or $0.74 per share and third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $650 million. Year-to-date, net income and adjusted EBITDA increased 11% and 5%, respectively, compared with the same period last year. Distributable cash flow through the first nine months of the year was $1.5 billion, up 13% compared with 2018 with a healthy year-to-date dividend coverage of 1.42 times. We have also generated nearly $450 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid through the first nine months of this year. During the first quarter, we paid the dividend of $0.89 per share and last week we announced the dividend increased to $0.915 or $3.66 per share on an annualized basis. Dividend is payable on November 14th to shareholders of record on November 4th. This latest increase results in a 9% increase in 2019 dividends paid compared with 2018 in line with our previously stated guidance. In August, we completed a $2 billion senior note offering providing increased liquidity and balance sheet flexibility. In addition to the funding capital expenditures, proceeds from the offering also were used to proactively manage upcoming debt maturities including repaying $250 million of our $1.5 million term loan to 2021 and redeeming $300 million of senior notes that were due March 2020. On September 30th, net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.5 times. We continue to expect to be at four times debt to EBITDA run rate in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the first quarter of 2021 with the deleveraging continuing in the quarters to follow that. We ended the third quarter with the full $2.5 billion available on our credit facility and more than $670 million of cash. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we narrowed our 2019 financial guidance ranges. The midpoint of our net income guidance increased to $1.28 billion and our adjusted EBITDA midpoint remain unchanged at $2.6 billion. The natural gas gathering and processing, and natural gas pipeline segments are trending toward the high-end of the previously announced financial guidance ranges, each with the ability to exceed the high-end of their range. Our performance in these segments reflect stronger-than-expected volume growth in the Williston Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas and gathering in the gathering processing segment and higher firm transportation capacity contracted on expansion projects in the natural gas pipeline segment. Our natural gas liquids segment is trending towards the low end of its previously announced financial guidance range, primarily due to lower optimization and marketing earnings from narrower than expected pricing spread between Conway and Mont Belvieu and due to the impact of increased ethane rejection on our system. Despite a vastly different commodity price environment and spreads that were one third as large as the year ago, our base business grew compared with a strong quarter last year. As we mentioned in prior quarters, we expect earnings for this segment to be heavily weighted towards the back half of the year. The Williston Basin continues to be a primary contributor to one-offs growth underscored by the fact that volume growth in the region is at higher margins relative to our other regions. We've also updated our 2019 growth capital guidance range to $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion, consistent with my remarks last quarter, reflecting the accelerated timing on several of our capital growth projects. The early in service on these projects also accelerates their associated EBITDA contributions and further underscores our confidence in our earnings growth and deleveraging next year. As Terry mentioned, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth of greater than 20% in 2020, compared with our 2019 guidance midpoint and the emphasis remains on greater than 20%. I will now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our business segments.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. We continue to see strong producer activity across our operations with NGL and natural gas volumes through the first nine months of the year already surpassing full year 2018 volumes. Overall, our projects remain on time and on budget positioning us well for continued growth as volumes on these projects ramp up over the next several months. Let's take a closer look at our operating regions starting with the Rockies. Producer activity remained strong in both Williston and Powder River basin. North Dakota saw a record natural gas production again in August of more than 3 billion cubic feet per day and the basin wide rig count remains at approximately 60. As Terry mentioned, our 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake I natural gas processing plant is now in service and we expect it to ramp quickly to full capacity once the entire Elk Creek pipeline s in service. With natural gas flaring of more than 550 million cubic feet per day in the basin and more than 300 million of that one dedicated anchorage, the volume growth is immediately available to capture. We also expect to complete our 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake II plant in January of 2020, which will help further alleviate flaring in the basin. Third quarter natural gas volumes processed in the Rocky Mount region were nearly 1.1 billion cubic feet per day, an increase of 7% year-over-year and 2% compared with the second quarter 2019. This puts us on track in 2019 for the higher end of our volume guidance range. We now expect to connect between 525 and 550 wells in the Rocky Mount region this year compared with prior well connect guidance of 620 wells. Better-than-expected well performance and higher gas to oil ratios have contributed to the growth even with producers temporarily delay in completion to avoid additional flaring due to lack of processing capacity and NGL takeaway. This has translated into a rising drill but uncompleted well count, which is reached approximately 1,000 basin-wide with more than 400 on our acreage. We expect producers to begin working this inventory off once Elk Creek and additional processing capacity come online providing further support for our expected growth in 2020. NGL raw feed throughput volumes in the Rocky Mountain region increased approximately 7% compared with the second quarter 2019 due primarily to the Southern section of Elk Creek pipeline coming online in July. In addition to our Demicks Lake I plant, more than 300 million cubic feet per day of third-party processing capacity which recently completed with an additional 750 million cubic feet per day of capacity expected to be completed in the Rockies region by the first quarter of 2020. At full capacity, these plants are capable of producing a total of approximately 160,000 barrels per day of propane plus when full. We are already seeing additional NGL volumes from the region in October with throughput averaging more than 190,000 barrels per day, which includes the already full 140,000 barrel per day Bakken NGL pipeline. Line fill activities on the Northern Section of Elk Creek are expected to begin in November and volumes will continue to ramp through the remainder of the year including approximately 25,000 barrels per day currently being railed that will transition to the pipeline and reduce our rail cost. We expect exit 2019 with more than 215,000 barrels a day of raw feed throughput for the region and reach more than 240,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2020. As a reminder, each 25,000 barrels per day of incremental volumes results in nearly $100 million of adjusted EBITDA. We also continue to see increased producer activity in the Powder River Basin as production results remain strong and some rigs have relocated there from other basins, benefitting both our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. Moving onto the Mid-Continent, natural gas volumes processed increased 8% year-over-year and are tracking above the midpoint of our guidance expectations. Total NGL raw feed throughput in the Mid-Continent region decreased compared with last quarter due to higher Mid-Continent ethane rejection, specifically during July and August. We had approximately 50,000 fewer barrels per day of ethane on our system in the third quarter of 2019 than the second quarter of 2019, but saw an increase of approximately 30,000 barrels per day of propane plus volumes in the region, which demonstrates strong core supply growth. We since seen ethane on our system increase in the fourth quarter, but continue to expect fluctuation through the remainder of the year as we near the start of the new petrochemical facilities on the Gulf coast. Through the first nine months of the year, we've connected 98 wells to our natural gas gathering and processing system and connected five new third-party processing plants to our natural gas liquid system in the Mid-Continent. Two previously connected third-party plants on our system have also been expanded in the region. NGL volumes from these new connections and expansions in addition to growing Rockies volumes will drive the volume growth on our Arbuckle II pipeline, which remains on schedule for completion in the first quarter of 2020. We continue to stay in contact with our customers in the region about their plans and forecasts, and this information has been incorporated into our growth outlook for 2020. Now taking a closer look at our Permian Basin and Gulf Coast operations, NGL raw feed throughput volumes in this region increased 26% year-over-year and the average fee rate increased by approximately $0.05 compared with the second quarter 2019. This was driven primarily by a ramp in volumes on completed West Texas LPG expansion projects and the replacement of lower rates legacy volumes on the system with market-based transportation and fractionation rights. We expect average rates to continue to increase as our 80,000 barrels per day expansion and 40,000 barrels per day expansion are completed in the first quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 respectively. System wide NGL fractionation capacity remains highly utilized. Phase 1 of our MB-4 fractionator which will provide approximately 75,000 barrels per day of capacity is expected to be completed by the end of the year. Phase 2 of the project which will add the remaining 50,000 barrels per day of capacity remains on schedule for completion in the first quarter of 2020. MB-5 remains on track for completion in the first quarter of 2021. Terry that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. Our operating performance, system-wide volumes strength and execution of our capital growth program with a very strong balance sheet had clearly exceeded many expectations. But while the operational and earnings growth is important the way in which we operate conduct ourselves in business and construct our project is equally important and it is important that we place on sustainable and responsible operations that is the foundation for all of the successes we discussed today. You can find more detailed information related to our environmental, social and government focus priorities and programs in our most recent corporate sustainability report which can be found on our website. The report is our 11th Annual ESG Report, and with each version of this report, we prioritize increasing disclosures, content and relevance for one of many stakeholders. I encourage you to review the report on our website. We continue to focus on improvements in these areas, and welcome your feedback to help us do so because our goal is to build and grow business that is profitable, safe and environmentally responsible for the long-term. Thank you to all our dedicated employees for your hard work and contributions this quarter. We're only a couple of months away from closing out another year of companywide growth and were about to enter an exciting year of new asset operations and additional project completions. With that operator were now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Jeremy Tonet, JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with the project ramp, you have a lot of moving pieces here, a lot of project coming online over the next couple of quarters and you've talked in your remarks, but just Demicks Lake I and II, how should we think about those plant ramping up especially as you need Elk Creek online to kind of perform the way you want to perform there. Just how should we expect EBITDA to ramp over the next few quarters with all these different projects coming online?
Kevin Burdick: Jeremy, this is Kevin and then I'll let others jump in. But clearly, Elk Creek is kind of the key project that we need to get done. The basin is short NGL takeaway capacity. Right now, but as Elk Creek comes in service, then all the processing plants up there not just Demicks Lake I, but you've got some third-party processing plants that are up now and you've got another one that's going to come online in the fourth quarter, all those plants will be able to ramp. And clearly there is substantial flaring behind not just our system but other company systems as well. So, you would expect it's going to ramp very quickly from the flared gas inventory. Then as you move through 2020 early 2020, and the flares get put out, you still see the strength in rigs, we're seeing up there, and you've also got growth coming out of the Powder as well. So you'll see an immediate step up as we put out the flares and you'll continue to see a ramp given the rig counts in the activity levels we're seeing.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful, thanks. Just turning to CapEx, you guys have a very deep portfolio projects and it seems like it's kind of peaking right about now. Just wondering, what -- how you guys think about the balance of capital with great opportunities versus capital discipline that the market seems to be focused on? How do you see capital trending next year? Any color or thoughts you could provide there?
Walt Hulse: Jeremy, this is Walt. We've got several projects that we've already announced that include Demicks Lake II, MB-5, Arbuckle II [Later changed by the Company] and West Texas expansion. All of those will be completed throughout the course of 2020. So you can kind of do the math on what we've already got ticked off. So we'll see a meaningful step down in our CapEx next year from what we have in 2019. Going forward, we think the vast majority of everything that we see on horizon has been announced. There will other growth opportunities that will come, but remember we've built the backbone of the system here with these two pipes. So, we have significant operating leveraging going forward. So if we had another processing plant or something along those lines, order of magnitude is significantly less as we go forward and then also I would point out that anything that we would announce in the coming quarters would really get spend over the couple of years. So our 2020 CapEx at this point is something that you can get a pretty good look just based on what we've announced today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni, UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Wondering if we can sort of talk about a couple of things here. Just you've sort of mentioned in your prepared remarks about the reduction in expectation for Bakken 12 expects for this year, but what's interesting in your commentary indicates that it's the function of the infrastructure delay, which in theory would imply a higher inventory for next year, but at the same time you also noted that the liquid component is higher so your volume expectations are unchanged. So what I think about next year, does it now mean that you to have potential for even higher inventory connection? And with the higher cut that you're seeing coming from the liquid side as you would think that 2020 could be even better than what you are originally vision for 2020? Or might not be thinking about that correct?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. I mean yes. I think that conceptually you're on the right path. We were able to --producers were clearly they were button up against unflattering constraints right because the basin with short processing capacity and NGL take away was full. So rather than going ahead and completing those wells knowing they're going flare they backed off and that's been going on for several months. So yes, that increase was the result of that. And yes, that gives us some tailwinds as we move into 2020. And then on the other side of that there just producers continue to deliver strong results which even though we connected fewer wells than we had anticipated we were still able to get more towards the higher end of our volume guidance.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Kevin, it's fair to say that producers have consistently exceeded our expectations particularly in Williston. I think there we benefited from their own capital discipline and certainly finding ways to enhance the productivity of their well. The gas all ratios have been a big deal for us up there, which in turn has increased in our liquids and be available to our plant. So, I think just all in all, the backdrop is that producers have really done a superb job, not only delivering on what we expect them to deliver, but exceeding those expectations.
Shneur Gershuni: And then just two quickly follow-up, one just the clarification you talked about more ethane recovery 4Q 19. Is that a function of the fact that there is a challenge to take away gas out of the basin right now and you just need to make more room on the gas line, so it make more sense to recovery of the ethane. Is that kind of the reason or is there something different?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. So, I think you're right. You really need to look at the gas issue especially in the Permian and in the Mid-Continent. And when the Permian gas goes really, you see a lot more ethane come out of the Permian basin versus the Mid-Continent, we saw that in the third quarter. But now the gas prices during the fourth quarter have moved up in the Permian, a little bit and gas prices in the continent moves down, which allows more ethane to come out of Mid-Continent. So you really need to look at the gas price because the TNF out of the Mid-Continent and the TNF out of the Permian are fairly close together. So, it's not on that side of it.
Shneur Gershuni: And one final question. In your conversation with Jeremy about CapEx and you've talked about it's being materially lower in 2020 versus 2019. So, there should be some sort of free cash in fruition. And I would expect there'll be an improvement in leverage, but when is the right time for us to start discussing return of capital options with free cash flow where you look at options like buy backs? Do you change dividend policy? And Im just kind of curious kind of what your thoughts on when the free cash flow starts to material next year?
Walt Hulse: We said that we were get to four times debt to EBITDA by Q4 of 2020 or Q1 of 2021. We expect to continue to delever after that and we'll proceed down through into that 3 to 5 range, which is kind of aspirationally where we like to be. So, we still have some time, we're going to -- that's going to take through 2021, maybe into 2022. So, we're going to continue that delevering as our primary focus. And then going forward, we always are on the hunt for good growth opportunities. And to the extent that the commercial team finds those growth opportunities, we're going to pursue those, but keeping that leverage in that on a going forward basis, in and around that 3.5 times.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to Walt's comments are that the priority continues to be fund those, these attractive growth projects and we continue to have a runway of growth in front of us, albeit we don't have any of those great big infrastructure projects or backbone projects like Walt mentioned earlier, but the priority will continue to be around these great return organic projects. And certainly, we think about it as we have if and as we have cash available, certainly, retire debt, and then share backs could come into the equation, but I don't see it, but it's certainly something that we think about. If we get to a point where we're running out of growth projects and we're forced to look at other ways to invest our capital certainly share buybacks are something that we would consider.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Cho, Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi everyone. If I'm to back out the Rockies volumes that are feeding into the Arbuckle II contracted capacity. I still estimate that over 100,000 barrels per day is supposed to come from Mid-Continent and I know the outlook for 2020 and be at least more than 20% over 2019 is driven primarily by Bakken. But how should we risk the need Mid-Con volumes to show up to hit numbers? Do you need it to be flat at a minimum? Or can it sustain a decline and we can still have those numbers?
Kevin Burdick: I mean, Christine, this is Kevin. Just looking kind of holistically at the Mid-Con, clearly, there has been some pullback recently by producers. We've factored all that in. We're probably thinking of the Mid-Continent in a flat to slightly declining type of environment as we factor in that to our 2020 growth outlook. So, we don't need significant or really any growth coming out of the STAKE and SCOOP to meet the growth outlook we provided for 2020.
Christine Cho: And then, moving over to CapEx, you guys are very transparent in providing CapEx for each of the individual projects. But how should we think about the range of annual spending you guys do on ancillary CapEx that isn't included in the project CapEx you've disclosed or maintenance CapEx so like well connects, I don't know, maybe adding a compression -- compressor pump somewhere here?
Kevin Burdick: Just looking at kind of what we would consider kind of that routine, growth routine CapEx that we're going to see on a year-in and year-out basis, that's probably in the $400 million to $500 million range. You throw some processing plants like Walt alluded to earlier on top of, it raises up a little bit, but that's kind of ranges just for that normal blocking and tackling type growth that we'd see.
Walt Hulse: Christine, hang on a second. The only thing I would add to that is well connect, makes up the bulk of that routine growth, right.
Kevin Burdick: Absolutely, yes, just connecting wells.
Walt Hulse: And then probably plant connections and then other miscellaneous gathering infrastructure both on gatherings processing side as well as liquid side.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Richardson, SunTrust.
Tristan Richardson: Good morning, guys. Appreciate the commentary on direction of 2020 capital deployment, but just thinking about the flexibility you have for some longer dated projects that 2021 timeframe, that MB-5 Arbuckle expansion et cetera. Just talking about just your ability to flex of the timing of those either based on volume trajectory or producer plans, et cetera?
Kevin Burdick: As we -- I guess, as we think about the big one there would be MB-5. With the volumes, we have coming and have line of sight to for MB-4 you're going to fill it up extremely quickly, so any growth at all, MB-5 is going to continue on. So I mean, could you do something if something went south in a hurry, potentially so, but again we don't see that again just with the line of sight, we've got to volumes that are going to hit us in the next few months here.
Walt Hulse: Yes. Obviously, from the well connect and that sort of routine, if we saw a significant downturn in producer activity. We have some flexibility on our -- but we don't see it as it relates to MB-5 and Arbuckle II will be done in the first quarter of 2020.
Tristan Richardson: And then just one small follow-up, just can you talk about the performance of the joint ventures, and why you saw the cash distributions from joint ventures expected to be much higher this year than you previously thought. Is that one-time event or is there just general outperformance on Northern Border or OPPL's old direction there?
Terry Spencer: Yes, we've pretty robust discussion about this on our Q2 call. We had a one-time, kind of, catch-up $50 million distribution at our Northern Border and expect it to go back to its normal course in the quarters going forward that's in line with where it's been. So that was the only one, other than that the joint ventures are all performing very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum, Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Can you just give us an update on where the -- where things stand in terms of the potential expansion of Northern Border? And then, kind of, related to that, what's the timing for when you would need to see a new gas pipeline of capacity out of the Bakken before you would need to start effectively, I would call it force recovering ethane, because a BTU limits?
Chuck Kelley: Michael, this is Chuck. As far as Northern Border expansion or any other residue takeaway out of the basin, we're actively working with parties on these residue projects frankly we're under non-disclosure agreements. But suffice it to say that there will be expansion opportunities out of there, and we realize that those takeaways needed to take care of our customers. So, we will definitely be part of that solution. As far as your second question on BTUs, BTU changes, could you please repeat your second question for me?
Michael Blum: Yes, just one question about timing like when do you have to have new gas pipeline capacity to avoid basically reaching the limit and having to extract ethane?
Chuck Kelley: Okay, those are really kind of two questions; one, is on the BTU limits on Northern Border. Northern Border is currently in discussion with customers and point operators about a potential BTU change in their tariff. And that would be forthcoming, we would believe in 2020 and anything beyond that will defer to our TransCanada operator on the asset. However, as far as more ethane recovery being necessary, it really comes down to how quickly the Bakken continues to grow and we have line of sight in 2020, it's kind of real quickly with these gas plants coming on. So as we continue to displace Canadian volumes that BTU will rise and obviously, the way to mitigate that is to recover more ethane. So I think 2020, you will see more ethane recovery. I can't give you a number on that. Longer term, we will need some residue takeaway relief. And I think that's more in the '22 timeframe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis, Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: First question on the Mid-Con, just wonder if you could talk a little bit more about your ability to connect more third-party plants. It looks like you guys connected a few more this quarter and maybe seems to be a bit of a step-up. So, just curious, if there is an enhanced push to do more of that maybe as a way to kind of bridge you through next year, and alleviate some of that pressure, we're expecting to come from some of the rig count reduction?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. We don't really have that many more plants in the Mid-Continent to connect. We've kind of connect all the ones that are out there, we saw a big push in 2019. A lot of those plants, we've seen some increase in production from those plants and we expect to kind of stay at that level through next year, the level we're at today on a C3 plus basis. So, and I think right now there is plenty of capacity out there what's to process the gas that's there.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. And second question, just with respect to the narrow bands for 2019 guidance and imagine you have considerable visibility at this point. So just curious what could maybe flex full-year EBITDA results from here towards the high or low end of that range?
Sheridan Swords: It's primarily going to be really just the specific timing of these projects and we look at the biggest levers we have, that would be number one. We've talked about spreads it can fluctuate up and down that could be a little bit of a driver, but we've got pretty good line of sight at this point to where we're going to end the year.
Spiro Dounis: Understood. Thanks, it really helped. I'm sorry.
Sheridan Swords: No just to -- Walt jumped in, weather is always, it could be a factor, if you get earlier or know whether that could be an impact as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury, Bernstein.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, good morning. As you referenced a lot of Bakken processing capacity starting up in theory enough to eliminate flaring. Can you share what your estimates for flaring levels once there is enough processing in Elk Creek or like down to the 12%, say target something much lower or possibly something a little higher?
Terry Spencer: Jean Ann, the way I would answer that is, if you go back to few years or actually just with probably 12 to 18 months ago. The basin was down into for several months down into single-digit. So easily, I think with this processing capacity, once everybody, once we get Elk Creek up and once everybody gets, kind of, everything debottlenecked, I think you're going to see flaring get back down below the state targets or above the state targets for capture. I think that's going to -- that will happen.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay, that's helpful. And then can you just -- around your connects flexibility, you have to move volumes between the existing Bakken NGL pipeline and Elk Creek once it starts up?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. We'll operate those systems, kind of, in tandem to make sure that we optimize, variable costs, optimized going into OPPL and going on Elk Creek Pipeline. So we have a lot of flexibility to move product back and forth between the two pipelines to maximize capacity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I won't even get into the upcoming LSU game here. But real quickly figured and one you all would like that. Real quick good items; one, I assume there is -- should we think about, and I know 2021 is a long way off in the world can change seven times between now and then. But I assume there's still a pretty decent step up in '21 off of 2020. You've talked about 2020 EBITDA being up 20% plus, but is there still another pretty decent size step up coming in 2021, that's first question. Second question, you guys have talked about a desire to -- want to have export capacity. Just given all that's going on in the world, ethane prices down a lot more, China trade war still going on. How are you thinking about that opportunity and where that fits in the landscape of things you're targeting that do over the next year or two?
Terry Spencer: So Michael, first of all, I'll take LSU and 14 points. And then the next question is yes, as we think about 2021 double-digit growth is certainly in the cards and how this business is continuing to be set up and we still got obviously organic growth projects that will be coming on through '20 and critical projects in 2021. So we're still set up nicely there. I think as far as the export dock project goes still a project we're very interested in doing. We continue to work it pretty hard. If the economics make sense, we'll certainly do a project, but if they don't make sense, I think we're in good shape with our business in terms of clearing barrels, we have arrangements in place that gives us some certainty that -- of course over the next handful of years we can clear barrels. So we're not really concerned there, I think, the export dock is a great complement to our fee-based activities. So we're going to continue to work it and when we get to a point where we can announce it certainly we'll let you all know.
Operator: The next question comes from Elvira Scotto, RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto: Hey, good morning everyone, thanks for the commentary around the 2020 EBITDA growth, and it sounds like the confidence level and hitting that greater than 20% growth is pretty high, especially given the comments that you made about your view on the Mid-Con, but if I can ask the question another way, what would have to happen for you to walk back that outlook?
Kevin Burdick: Elvira, this is Kevin. And I'll start again we -- the thing we have stressed for the last several months. We continue to focus on this is with the flared gas in the Bakken, we've got incredible line of sight to these volumes, a similar situation occurred back in the '16, '15 or '16 timeframe where we saw the flared gas, we had projects and we immediately captured it and turned it into EBITDA. So with the flaring that's occurring in the basin, with the dock count that's out there, with the productivity and the returns, the producers are seeing we've just got a lot of confidence if that's going to be the substantial driver to that growth in 2020. And that's not even getting into the growth we're seeing out of the Permian, the Powder and other places. So we just have a confidence because we have that line of sight, we can reach out and touch these volumes.
Terry Spencer: Kevin, probably the only thing else I'd add to that is we don't have a whole lot in here baked in for ethane recovery. So with the ore spreads, so we're at seasonally low spreads with -- you're typically low this time of the year. Ethane economics are marginal for recovery, if those things turn, there is actually more upside probably did this number than downside.
Elvira Scotto: Great. And just very quickly though, how does commodity or crude oil price factor into this view. I mean, are you looking at anything as long as we're about $50 or do you think even you get to somewhere below $50 you're still fine with this outlook?
Kevin Burdick: Well, we go back to when rigs really came back to the Bakken, they really start coming back in earnest it at around $45 per barrel from the conversations we have with our customers most are planning for a $50 environment more from a cash flow perspective, but the improvements they've seen in the productivity of the wells. Again, the returns on the well aren't be challenged, it's solely just living within their cash flow, which has been the consistent theme we've gotten from our customers. So I think easily, if you stay north of $50 probably even if you go down to the $45 range, you're still -- this things good to go.
Elvira Scotto: Great. That's perfect. Thanks on that. And then just one quick follow-up on the capital allocation discussion, where does M&A fit in all of this, I mean, are you guys are you open to looking at various assets or are you kind of set on just your organic growth and M&A just has to be super compelling?
Terry Spencer: You just answered it, we're focused on the organic growth and M&A has to uber compelling and most likely, it would be smaller bolt-on types of acquisitions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Walker, Bank of America Securities.
Derek Walker: Just had a quick clarification, I think you said in your formal remarks, but I just want to make sure I heard it right. I think believe in the Rockies the NGL volumes were expected to be 240 in 1Q '20. Is that assuming 140 for Bakken NGL and then 100 on Elk Creek that seems no rail, is that correct for the 25, that rail that you're seeing today that should you just transfer over to the pipe that I'm hearing it?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. Yes, you are correct, and we're starting to transition to -- away from specifically talking about what's on Elk Creek to what's coming out of both the Rockies region, which is Williston and Powder River Basin. Because of the flexibility we have between moving between pipes. So that 240 is basically over 100,000 barrels a day increase from where we were when we just had the Bakken pipeline coming in. So that's the new plants that we talked about coming online, rail coming off and then ramp up on to those volumes and actually we said we think will be above 240 coming out of the first quarter.
Derek Walker: And then, maybe I'll just get one in on ESG, I mean, you guys announced in September that you got added to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Can you just talk a little bit about some of your ESG Initiatives and have you any conversation specifically with investors around that, and they focused on any particular metrics?
Terry Spencer: Well, there are always focused on getting more information and certainly probably what we've done, where we've made incredible progress is certainly in the disclosure of our emissions and various environmental impact data, that has -- we had a lot of discussion, obviously from a governance perspective, I think, we've been lauded for the -- for our efficiency from a governance standpoint. When you really think about our broad thoughts around reducing our impact to the environment, that's certainly an area where I think it's resonated with investors. I think the fact that we've done this now for 11 years in a row and at this -- and this work product continues to improve each and every year. I think certainly that has resonated with investors as well. So disclosure, disclosure, disclosure and as we continue to move forward, we will continue to disclose more information and certainly around emissions targets and that type of outlook will certainly something that's top of mind and that will hopefully be in a position where we can do and provide those types of disclosures in the not too distant future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere, Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Terry when you highlighted ethane was only further upside as a catalyst over and above the 20% year-over-year 2020 EBITDA growth guidance. But then you all comment of that 2021 is prime for another year of double-digit growth. When we're looking out two years like that. Are we kind of taking it some of the ethane eventually? Or does that kind of remain an opportunity?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. No we're really, over the course of the next handful of years not expecting or at least we've not got in our base forecast internally much ethane baked into it at least for the next two or three years.
Craig Shere: And what kind of market dynamics do you expect would be necessary to kind of, it start to realize -- I mean, would be ethane exports or what do we really need to start to get more value there?
Kevin Burdick: Well, obviously we've got more petrochemical facilities coming on domestically. And then you've got additional petrochemical facilities coming on internationally. So I think the continued development of international exports, whether that's at the Gulf Coast or in the Northeast, I think continues to be key drivers. And obviously ethane economics and dependent upon net gas to -- where net gases and if net gas and we continue to have some sort of a conservative view on that gas going forward. I think if you see net gas remain relatively weak. The likelihood if you're recovering significantly more ethane certainly improves. But as we think ethane economics are so volatile that we've really -- we felt it appropriate not to bake a whole lot in -- into our internal forecasts. Sheridan you've got anything add to that?
Sheridan Swords: Well, that continue to say what's going to drive ethane. Also, as we talked earlier about the relative gas price in the Mid-Continent versus the Permian to see which one moves ahead of the other one to pull the ethane out for the demand that is there.
Craig Shere: Sure. Are you still considering ethane when you're looking at these export project opportunities?
Terry Spencer: Absolutely.
Craig Shere: And I presume that if you did that, it would be something kind of semi long-term contracted and take out some of that volatile in and out of economics. So you'd have somewhat certainty about pulling through the system?
Terry Spencer: That's correct. I mean, the way we're thinking about it is the contracts that you would enter into with respect to ethane on the sales standpoint, which certainly underwrite the dock a fee-based type arrangement, if you will, or perhaps the sale with a fee-based component built into it.
Craig Shere: Great, thank you.
Terry Spencer: The macro ethane economics are going to be what they're going to be, broadly speaking. But as we think about the dock, if the dock and as it relates to ethane fee-based, it's a fee-based business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kania, Wolfe Research.
Alex Kania: Hey, good morning. Just thinking a little bit more about the prospects for ethane recovery in the Bakken just next year either for price reasons or I guess physical constraint reasons, just with respect to Northern Border. How do we really think about those ethane volumes getting handle. Does that -- do you think of that is like incremental to what is it being contracted on Elk Creek and further south already? Or does it -- could it cover like existing contracted volume levels that you've kind of our established right now, just again, kind of, it sounds like you've suggested it was incremental, but I just wanted to confirm?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan, when we look at and is quoted volumes coming out of the Rockies. We do not consider ethane in any of those volumes. It's all C3 plus, so any ethane that we would get, due to be enforced out because of constraints or the very unlikely that it becomes economical will be upside to our volume numbers that we've given.
Operator: Okay. Our final question comes from Sunil Sibal, Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Hi, good morning, guys and thanks for all the color on the call. I just wanted to understand a little bit about the balance sheet management. So it seems like you will hit the ForEx, kind of, leverage metrics in early 2021. I was kind of curious how should we think about that on a more kind of longer-term basis. Do you want to be closer to ForEx or should we be thinking more like between 3 or 3.5 excess longer-term target?
Terry Spencer: Well, we expect to continue to the left to delever past to 4 times and aspirationally we like to be around that 3.5 that gives us a lot of borrowing flexibility going forward for these smaller type of CapEx that would come out in the future. So we use 3.5 is an aspirational target and just think about going forward.
Sunil Sibal: Okay, got it. And then just one clarity on the CapEx side, so obviously you guys have given a pretty good kind of breakdown of CapEx for various projects. When I bake all that into my numbers etc, it seems like you will be in a pretty good spot to get 35% to 40% reduction in CapEx in 2020 versus where you've end up in 2019. I was just curious, is that number seems reasonable or if I may be off somewhere?
Terry Spencer: No we're not going to guide to our 2020 CapEx But I think you can just take the projects we put in service and kind of subtract out what we still have to do and build up to a pretty good number. So the base will come up with your expectation is readily available, we'll leave that to you.
Operator: Okay. At this time, I would like to turn call back over to Andrew Ziola.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Thank you, Charles -- excuse me, our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until we release earnings in late February. We'll provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us this morning and the IR team will be available throughout the day. Have a good week.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your patience and holding. We now have our speakers in conference. Please be aware that each of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of our presentation, we will open the floor for questions. Instructions will be given at that time on the procedure to follow up if you would like to ask a question.  It is now my pleasure to turn this conference over to Andrew Ziola. You may begin.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Shantel and welcome to ONEOK's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be made available. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK.  Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas.  It's an exciting time for ONEOK as we begin placing some of the largest capital growth projects in our history into service. Our projects remain on or ahead of schedule and on budget.  The southern section of Elk Creek pipeline began employing NGLs on July 15 from the Rockies region into the Mid-Continent, with the northern section still on target to be completed in the fourth quarter.  Last week, we announced additional low cost expansion projects across our system, which continue to demonstrate ONEOK's ability to incrementally grow with our customers. These projects will help address NGL transportation and fractionation needs of producers and will further address flaring in North Dakota with added natural gas processing capacity.  All our projects, including these recent expansions, are built to meet the needs of our customers and are backed by long-term contracts. We continue to see strong producer activity levels across the basins where we operate with NGL and natural gas volume growth that is in-line with our expectations so far this year.  Now, more than halfway through the year, our confidence in our 2019 financial expectations and 2020 earnings outlook has strengthened significantly. With our projects remaining on or ahead of schedule, we expect accelerated earnings growth leading into 2020 and beyond and additional cash flow to reinvest in our business, reduce leverage and continue to return value to shareholders.  With that, I will turn the call over to Walt for comments on our second quarter results. 
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. Our second quarter 2019 net income totaled $312 million, or $0.75 per share, an 11% increase year-over-year. And second quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $632 million a 5% increase year-over-year.  Distributable cash flow in the second quarter 2019 was $540 million up 19% from the second quarter 2018, with a healthy dividend coverage of 1.51 times. We also generated more than $180 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in the second quarter 2019.  During the second quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.865 per share. And last week, we announced a dividend increase to $0.89 per share, or $3.56 per share on an annualized basis. This increase further underscores our confidence in the increasing cash flow we expect to generate from projects we have recently completed or will complete in the coming months. The dividend is payable on August 14 to shareholders of record on August 6.  Our June 30 net debt to EBITDA on a trailing 12 month basis was 4.2 times. With the earnings expected from these projects we expect to be at 4 times debt to EBITDA run rate in the fourth quarter of 2020 or first quarter of 2021, with deleveraging continuing in the quarters to follow. Our liquidity remains strong as we ended the second quarter with the full $2.5 billion available on our credit facility and more than $270 million of cash on hand. We announced additional natural gas an NGL expansion projects last week that we expect to provide attractive returns for minimal capital invested. We do not expect these projects to impact our 2019 growth capital guidance range of $2.5 billion to $3.7 billion, as most of the spending will happen in 2020 and 2021. Because of the accelerated timing on some of our projects, we anticipate ending the year towards the higher end of our capital guidance range. As spending on our large pipeline projects winds down early next year, we expect capital expenditures in 2020 to be lower than 2019.  Producer activity, project timing and additional committed volumes on our system, all add up to an impressive backdrop for ONEOK's growth. As we sit today, we are even more confident in our outlook that our 2020 adjusted EBITDA will increase greater than 20% with an emphasis on the greater than when compared with our 2019 guidance midpoint.  I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operating performance. 
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. We continue to see strong producer activity across our operations driving increases in both NGL and natural gas volumes in the second quarter. Total NGL raw feed throughput volume increased nearly 110,000 barrels per day or 11% year-over-year, and increased 80,000 barrels per day or 8%, compared with the first quarter of 2019. Natural Gas volumes processed, increased more than 150 million cubic feet per day or 9% year-over-year, and increased more than 80 million cubic feet per day or 4% compared with the first quarter 2019. Let's take a closer look at our volume growth and project timing in each of the basins where we operate. Starting with the Rockies region, producer results remain strong in the Williston and Powder River basins. North Dakota natural gas production is more than 2.8 billion cubic feet per day and there continues to be around 60 rigs operating more than 500 million cubic feet per day of natural gas being flared, and nearly 1000 drilled and uncompleted wells in inventory. All of these factors provide an inventory of growth for our natural gas liquids and natural gas segments.  As Terry mentioned, we completed the southern section of Elk Creek pipeline from the Powder River Basin to the Mid-Continent, and it is currently flowing more than 30,000 barrels per day of NGLs. With the southern section in service we have moved volumes previously railed on to our pipelines, eliminating higher rail transportation costs. This has also freed up rail capacity, which can be used to address continued NGL growth in the Williston basin until Elk Creek is fully in service in the fourth quarter. As further growth is expected, we will add pumps on Elk Creek as needed to increase capacity. These projects are low cost and can be completed incrementally to address additional volume growth, including the need for potential ethane recovery. Approximately 815 million cubic feet per day of new natural gas processing capacity is coming online basin wide between now and the end of the first quarter 2020, which translates to approximately 110,000 barrels per day of propane plus NGL production when these plants are full. With all of the NGLs from those plants dedicated to ONEOK and more than 30,000 barrels per day already flowing on the pipeline. We remain confident that throughput on Elk Creek will reach approximately 100,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2020. ONEOK has now announced a total of 600 million cubic feet per day of additional natural gas processing capacity in the Williston basin, expected to come online between now and early 2021. Our latest announcement was the 200 million cubic feet per day expansion of our Bear Creek plant in Dunn County, an area that has recently experienced some of the highest production increases in North Dakota, and has a decades-long runway of well inventory yet to be drilled.  We expect volumes on the Bear Creek expansion to ramp up over a 12 to 24 month period once in service. This expansion also increases our NGL volumes contracted for natural gas processing plants in the Rocky Mountain region from 200,000 barrels per day to 225,000 barrels per day. Our Demicks Lake I plant remains on schedule to open full in the fourth quarter 2019 in conjunction with the completion of the northern section of Elk Creek. Demicks Lake II is expected to be complete early in the first quarter 2020. Moving on to the Mid-Continent, producer activity in the region remains in line with our expectations for the year. In the second quarter we saw increases in both NGL raw feed throughput volumes and natural gas volumes processed in the Mid-Continent compared with the first quarter 2019.  Large well pad completions early in the quarter drove the increase in natural gas volumes processed and two new third party plant connections contributed to the increase in NGL volumes. Arbuckle II is on schedule for completion in the first quarter of 2020, and its contracted capacity now totals 375,000 barrels per day compared with 350,000 previously. Last week, we announced NGL fractionation facility expansions, totaling 65,000 barrels per day in the Mid-Continent. These projects will increase our propane plus fractionation capacity to help address the heavier NGL barrels from the Williston basin. 15,000 barrels per day of capacity is expected to be completed in the third quarter 2020 with the remaining 50,000 barrels per day completed in the first quarter 2021. These types of projects can be efficiently completed at cost substantially lower than new construction. Recently completed expansion projects in our natural gas pipeline segment continue to drive higher firm capacity contracted in the second quarter compared with both the second quarter 2018 and the first quarter 2019. These projects increase the capacities of our Mid-Continent and Permian basin pipeline systems and will continue to provide increased firm transportation earnings going forward.  Now let's take a look at our Permian basin and Gulf Coast operations. NGL raw feed throughput volumes in this region increased 20% compared with the first quarter 2019, primarily driven by volume growth on our West Texas LPG pipeline, we continued to expect our average fee rate in this region to trend higher in future quarters as legacy volumes roll off West Texas LPG and are replaced with market-based transportation and fractionation volumes and as expansion of the system come online, which are contracted at market rates. The 80,000 barrel per day expansion of West Texas LPG remains on track to be completed in the first quarter 2020 with volumes ramping up quickly after it is placed in service.  And last week we announced a third expansion which will add 40,000 barrels per day of capacity to the system. The expansion is supported by long-term dedicated NGL production from processing plants in the Permian basin and is expected to be completed in the first quarter 2021.  Our NGL fractionation capacity given current product composition is approximately 820,000 barrels per day and was approximately 90% utilized in the second quarter, we now expect to complete our 125,000 barrel per day MB-4 fractionator in phases. Phase 1 will provide approximately 75,000 barrels per day of capacity and is expected to be available in the fourth quarter of this year earlier than originally planned.  Phase 2 will consist of the remaining 50,000 barrels per day and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020 as originally announced. MB-5 remains on track for completion in the first quarter 2021.  Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. The progress on our capital growth projects this year is setting us up well for a significant volume in earnings uplift in 2020. As Walt emphasized, we're even more confident in our 2020 adjusted EBITDA growth outlook of greater than 20% compared with our 2019 guidance midpoint.  The impressive production results across our operations highlight the widespread quality of our operating basins and well-capitalized and experienced producers operating there. The volume growth we discussed today have high visibility both NGL and natural gas volumes are ready and waiting for processing and transportation now.  Producers are looking to ONEOK to provide the critical infrastructure they need to connect their products with demand markets and we are well equipped and ready to grow our operations efficiently in order to do so. I'd like to recognize our large project teams and operations personnel located both at our headquarters and at our various field locations for their hard work to keep our growth projects on time and on budget and specifically to those working on our Elk Creek pipeline who are able to place the southern section in service early benefiting many of our customers.  Thank you to all our employees for your dedication to our customers and dedication to ONEOK. Your continued focus on safe and responsible operations has led to our continued reliability and operational success.  With that operator, we are now ready for questions. 
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from Danilo Juvane, BMO Capital.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks and good morning. You mentioned in the press release having significant upside in the second half of the year from the early start of Elk Creek and other projects as well. Where do you see 2019 EBITDA number was added relative to the midpoint? And to the extent it was that high to the midpoint do you still see a 20% growth rate between 2020 and 2019?
Walt Hulse: No, we haven't changed any of our guidance and don't expect to do that today on this call. Obviously, as we get through the year we will continue to evaluate whether we're going to adjust that. But right now we're giving that outlook on 2020 off of the midpoint to let people have a basis on which to think about it.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks for that Walt. DCF was pretty strong during the quarter. And it looked like it potentially came from Northern Border, anything going on there?
Walt Hulse: Nothing really out of the ordinary Northern Border made an off cycle distribution, in addition to our normal quarterly distribution in the second quarter, but nothing, nothing out of the ordinary course of business.
Danilo Juvane: We shouldn't expect that to continue going forward?
Walt Hulse: I'm sorry, can you say that again?
Danilo Juvane: We should expect any more off-cycle distributions for the balance of the year?
Walt Hulse: Now, it's a distribution in excess of earnings for the quarter, and that catches us up. So distributions going forward will track with earnings as they have in the past.
Danilo Juvane: Got you. Last question for me, to the extent that you continue to see strong production out of the Bakken for liquids, any thoughts on a potential residue gas takeaway solution?
Kevin Burdick: I think I mean, clearly there, you know, it's something we're looking at, we're paying attention to, when you look at the capacity that's getting ready to come online across the basin. And, you know, we do believe we can continue to, in the basin we will continue to displace gas coming from Canada. But absolutely, there are conversations going on, you know, a variety of different outlooks and we're participating and all those conversations.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks, Kevin. Those are my questions.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Chris Sighinolfi, Jeffries.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey, guys, good morning. Nice to see you in execution. Thanks for taking my questions. Well, I just want to circle back on that question Danilo had asked about Northern Border. Just for my own edification to understand is, I guess, what's the mechanism for that? This cash build at the JV and then you and your partner make the decision to pay that out on a periodic basis? 
Terry Spencer: Yes, to the extent that, overtime, we make a regular quarterly distribution, and to the extent the Management Committee believes that there's a capacity to do more than that. They have the ability to do it in one time basis. And that's what happened here. 
Chris Sighinolfi: And as it pertains to, DCF guidance and things of that nature, this was anticipated to fall this year. Is that also correct?
Terry Spencer: Well, I think that it's fair to say that, you know, as we -- the plans to do this kind of develops throughout the course of the year. So, you know, I think on a going forward basis, we would expect distributions more in line with where they have been on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. All right, great. And then if I could switch and just, Kevin I wanted to touch base, you guys have done a really nice job continuing to contract up Arbuckle to seemingly every quarter we get another 20,000 or 25,000 barrels a day of commitments there. And I just wanted to better understand or just I guess, review and remind myself as to where the volume slate now for that pipeline will be sourced I guess between what said to it from Elk Creek what comes from the Mid-Con plants and then what comes from third parties, is there a rough rule of thumb at this point given all the incremental contracts that you have had?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I mean, it varies as we contract new plants. Obviously if you're getting a plant in the Mid-Continent and new contracted plant that's going to be tied, you know directly to Arbuckle II as we get a new Bakken plant if those barrels are going to all go all the way to Belvieu then that will be included in both Elk Creek and Arbuckle II. So that's how we break it down. I mean, you share any other thoughts on just in general how... 
Terry Spencer: I think that's right so definitely you can see that on a very macro sense of the difference between what we've contracted for Arbuckle II and what we've contracted for Elk Creek. That difference is definitely coming out and they call it. 
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And is it fair then if I look at just the table that you guys have long provided that looks at the bundled rates on your NGL rock feed service. If I -- like I guess what I want to be careful of doing is making sure I'm giving you enough credit and appropriate credit for each of these two assets, but not double counting volume that's moving on Elk Creek that subsequently moves down Arbuckle II.  And so is it fair to just credit the Elk Creek volume with the bundled rate on the Bakken portion and then the incremental volume that I would see above that give that Mid-Continent rate. Is that fair way rule of thumb to think about it or would you advise me to do something different?
Terry Spencer: No, I think that's a fair way to think about it.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Alright. Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Chris. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tristan Richardson, SunTrust.
Tristan Richardson: Good morning, guys. Just on the expansion project for Mid-Con frac capacity. You talked about that in prepared comments just about the heavier barrel. Is this purely really just optionality for you guys in the customer or just kind of curious could you talk about sort of the need for new capacity there relative to what the projects you have going on at Belvieu?
Terry Spencer: I think it just came down, a lot of it just came down to we had the ability as our teams looked at how we provide more fractionation capacity, but that was a low cost option for Williston and would drive the best return. With our other pipes, clearly we'll have the ability to move those purity products down to Belvieu once Arbuckle II is up. So we do get that optionality. But it really came down to where we look at where we could provide the lowest cost, most efficient frac capacity.
Tristan Richardson: Great. And then just to follow up on your -- appreciate your commentary on directionally where 2020 CapEx might stack up relative to 2019 range. Should we think about that as just sort of on the projects you have sanctioned today or does that contemplate other projects that you might be looking at that haven't necessarily been greenlit yet?
Terry Spencer: No, I think that our expectation given, everything that we see going forward, both what we've been able to announce. And we're thinking we have lower CapEx in 2020, then it will be in 2019.
Tristan Richardson: Appreciate it. Thank you guys very much.
Terry Spencer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Christine Cho, Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. Great quarter. What is the financial benefit going to be when rail and third party frac costs roll off? I'm assuming it's all off by first quarter next year when all your assets are online. But could you provide the cadence of the roll off between now and then as well?
Terry Spencer: Well, I guess what we talked about previously, the way to think about that is the barrels that have already rolled off rail, I think we said we save about $0.20 per gallon of transportation costs. So as we put more barrels on rail through the rest of this year, then the next step will be when the full pipeline is in place and all those rail barrels move to the pipe then you'll see another uplift at that point, along with other volumes coming from processing plants when the flare start getting put out when the processing capacity comes online. Did that answer your question, Christie? 
Christine Cho: Yeah, I guess. Okay, but you've moved 30,000 barrels per day off right now with the southern portion coming on. But you're still continuing to rail. So I guess and I'm guessing the rail is still going to increase throughout the end of this year. So at what point does that peak, like how much are you railing today and how much do you expect to rail at the peak between now and year-end?
Terry Spencer: Well the rail volume when we brought on the southern section, the rail volume at that point in time went to nearly zero. So we pulled pretty much everything down. And then that rail volume -- you have plants coming online between now and when Elk Creek comes and gets in service. So we will use rail, it will start building back up as volumes from those plants start coming online. So it will build back up and then once the full pipeline is in place, all of it will obviously move back over to the pipe. 
Christine Cho: Okay, got it. Christine. 
Sheridan Swords: Christine this is Sheridan. We think by the time we bring Elk Creek back off when we get the Northern section of Elk Creek completed, we will be railing upwards of 30,000 barrels a day again. 
Christine Cho: Okay. Super helpful. And then your contracted bubbles on Elk Creek is approaching capacity. Can you remind us, how long it would take to expand the pipeline, if you decide to do so. And also discuss at what point you would do that just given it's probably low cost and your numbers is too minimal ethane extraction, and I'm not sure at what point that might change?
Terry Spencer: We look at it continually. Clearly those projects aren't two-year projects like building the pipe. They're measured in terms of months, not years. And we also have the ability to do things like ordering Thompson [ph] and a lot of the long lead -- time of long lead equipment and other engineering things we can go ahead and do to prepare for that. So that it drives the time required to get that done again just a matter of months.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then last one for me there was an increase in Bakken processing volume, but your NGL pipeline volumes remained flat. What was the reason for that?
Terry Spencer: We just drove our ethane rejection just continued to drive deeper and deeper. So to get more throughput through the plants and remain the pipe, the NGL takeaway was at capacity. So we were able to, through our plants drive deeper rejection and run more inlet but not produce as much liquids.
Christine Cho: So, you are doing max rails to the quarter to then?
Terry Spencer: I mean towards the year, yes, but that we were pretty much at max rail.
Christine Cho: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Blum, Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm curious, if you can just comment a little bit, obviously NGL prices have been pretty volatile. I was curious for your latest views on how you see things trending for the rest of the year and into 2020. And then kind of related to that, if you have any different or updated views on how the Conway to Belvieu spread is going to trend here for the rest of the year?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. I think as we look at the overall price, if you keep crude at the level it is today, you'll see a little uptick in prices. Obviously we're seeing more export capacity for propane come online, which should create more demand and you're seeing more crackers come online. That you should see some uptick in absolute price here through the end of the year and into 2020. Not a huge spike but I think you'll see some strength. On the Conway to Belvieu spread right now, we think that where it is today is where it's going to be or in this range through the third quarter and start into the fourth quarter. Then you'll get into some seasonality issues that probably will bring that spread in a little tighter than it is today. Then of course, as we've said before, once we bring Arbuckle II online, that spread will go back to more what we have seen historically, which is much narrower than we have today. 
Michael Blum : Okay, great. I appreciate that. And then just this recent slate of projects that you just announced. So we just think of their returns on those projects. Would you consider those to be kind of within the normal course of your typical return profile or those would be better, because some of them are kind of bolt-on in nature? How do we think about that? Thanks. 
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, I think -- Michael it is Kevin. I think the plant projects are going to be in our kind of our standard 4 to 6 times, but some of the other just expansions and frac expansions that we've talked about can be done at lower costs and new constructions are going to be better than that.
Michael Blum : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet, JP Morgan.
Q - Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. I appreciate that you guys are not updating guidance at this point. But just curious within the G&P and the gas pipeline segments. It seems like you guys are trending quite strong versus the ranges that you put out there. Is there anything in the back half of the year that could kind of temper this trajectory or is kind of like the high-end or above the high-end, seems like it could be possible for those?
Chuck Kelley: Jeremy, this is Chuck. We can talk first about G&P. I think we could trend higher. It's going to come down through one our pipeline infrastructure, some of our field facilities come on. So it's a matter of timing, as we do towards the end of the year. And as you think about our gas pipe business, we've seen very good demand for our -- not only our interoperable volumes, but our balancing services and short-term storage services, which are kind of driving some incremental earnings that we hadn't necessarily planned on. So both of the segments are doing very well right now, demands up and we're just taking care of customers at this point.
Jeremy Tonet : Great. That's helpful. And then, thinking about the balance sheet here, it seems like I think before the leverage is going to peak, I think at the beginning of 2020 with all the projects coming online. You've added some more to the backlog there and or you did more broad into what you're going to do? And just wondering how you see leverage, I guess, moving across 2020? Is that still the same peak or any color that you could provide on how that all comes together?
Terry Spencer: Well, Jeremy, our heaviest spending is definitely in the third and fourth quarter of '19. So when you enter in that first quarter, we've said that, with Elk Creek coming on in the fourth quarter and the volumetric disclosed, the guidance that we've put out there as it relates to our expectations of how quickly Elk Creek is going to build its volume around that 100,000 barrels, we're going to see a significant uplift in our EBITDA in the first quarter of 2020. And throughout 2020 and that's going to deliver us right from the get go in 2020.  So, as we cross over the year, that'll be our peak. The projects that we've announced to date will be towards the back end of 2020 and into 2021 from a CapEx spend and will already be well down our road to delivering and in my prepared remarks, I gave you some thoughts on where we might end the year. So we're going to see in the same trajectory and still looking for some significant delivering going forward.
Jeremy Tonet : That's helpful. That's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dennis Coleman, Bank of America.
Dennis Coleman: Hi. Good morning, everyone. One for me with regard to the fracs, just I'm little interested in sort of this phasing of bringing on fracs or if I understand it, right. Can you just talk -- I don't really sort of have a concept of how you bring on a frac in stages. So maybe if you could just talk a little bit about how that's happening?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, Dennis it's Kevin. Well, in this case with our complex down there, we had some spare capacity for somewhat I'd call it kind of utilities, some refrigeration, some heaters that are typically long lead equipment, long lead time type equipment items. And so we're able to leverage some existing spare capacity, we have to bring up the frac and kind of a partial mode. And then as we've installed the rest of that equipment, that's what we'll get it up to full capacity in '20. 
Dennis Coleman: Okay, so the vessel itself is there, and then just the -- so, I guess the follow on question is, if you're using up that capacity, would -- should we expect that to be a model for frac 5 as well?
Terry Spencer: We'll evaluate it. We may not have the same type of spare utilities, if you will for frac 5. But that's something obviously we'll take a look at a variety of different things to do but I wouldn't expect that to happen for the MB-5.
Dennis Coleman: Okay, okay. Thanks for that. And then -- I'm sorry about this, but just to go back to this Northern Border distribution, Danilo and Chris both hit on it, but this onetime payment, we should not -- that wasn't included in the guidance, correct? And so we should just use the guidance and sort of use this onetime payment and think of it that way. So if we add that in, we should think about the guidance is, you're going to be above the guidance?
Terry Spencer: It's fair to say that that was not included in the original guidance. 
Dennis Coleman: Perfect. That's what I need. Okay, that's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Spiro Dounis, Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Hey. Good morning everyone. Just maybe going back to the 20% growth expectation for next year. I'm not sure we've seen you guys highlight that in a while here. Maybe not since the original guidance was provided. So getting the sense of that means you're getting pretty confident of that figure. So curious, how you are thinking about some of the underlying assumptions to get there maybe just around commodity differentials and some of the base business growth. You made some comments earlier just around the differential outlook. But if you just expand there in the context of that 20% growth next year?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, this is Kevin. I mean, I think the obviously the huge driver, there is the backlog of flared gas and the inventory we talked about up in the Bakken. And when you think about to just kind of put the math to the 100,000 barrels a day that we expect on Elk Creek by the first quarter. And you put that out over the course of the year, and then you've got a full Demicks Lake II plant running full for the entire year, you got Demicks II ramping up and then you've got growth on the Permian and Mid-Continent as well. But when you just go back to the 500 million cubic feet a day that's flaring in the Bakken across the basin, and the processing capacity that's coming online between now and the first quarter that just generates a significant amount of NGLs, which is the primary driver for the '20 number.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. And so if I'm hearing that, right, it sounds like there's no real major call being made here on [indiscernible] outside of that or any sort of commodity or differential move. Is that fair?
Terry Spencer: That's fair. In fact, we've been talking very openly as shared and mentioned, with Arbuckle-II we expect spreads to come back in much narrower than they are today. And that is included in that, that assumption is included in that 20% greater than 20%.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Got it. Okay, appreciate that. And then maybe just more broadly, and how you're thinking about your Mid-Con footprint longer term? And, clearly the most of your growth is really focused outside that area. And I guess lately, producer commentary, there has been somewhat lukewarm. So just curious, what sort of optionality do you have around that footprint, maybe offset some potential volume headwinds, sort of pass-2019 or if you think that's even fair to be cautious on the Mid-Con at this point?
Terry Spencer: I think, just in general the Mid-Continent, like we remarked in our prepared remarks, the volumes have been in line with our expectations. Yeah, there may have been a couple producers that you've seen some things written that were off a little bit, but then you've been -- we've had some that have outperformed our expectations. And I think one of the things we continue to remind people is we have our own expectations, given the footprint and the size of our system, both in the G&P and the NGL side. So as we set our forecasts out there, we're factoring in all that information. So we feel good about it, and we do expect growth out of the Mid-Continent as we move forward. I mean, guys?
Chuck Kelley: We're still planning on hooking up another, two more plants in the Mid-Continent second half of this year. So we're still seeing some need for capacity. 
Sheridan Swords: And what I would add from model G&P standpoint would be, I think our well connect guidance that we gave, were trending as though we're going to exceed that, and I think we probably well this year.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. I appreciate that. Just one last quick one if I could and sorry if you guys touched on it, just around LPG exports, obviously has been considerable amount of new capacity announcements made recently. I imagine that factors into your market outlook. So just how you thinking about that now?
Kevin Burdick: I think when we think about LPG exports, we're going to continue to engage the market to understand what the market is and what's going on there. But what we're not going to do is go out there and do uneconomic project or just build something to say we have an export terminal. So we're continuing to use our capital disciplined, as we evaluate that, but we will always be involved in engaging the market on exports. And when we get to the time that we see that we have an economic project that we want to go forward and then we will we will go forward with that time.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Appreciate all the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from JR Weston, Raymond James.
JR Weston: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to ask real quick on Bakken G&P volumes. So far this year kind of relative to the guidance looks like you're tracking pretty well but it looks like you've got almost 60% of the well connects still expected second half of the year. So just kind of curious if there are other moving pieces in that guidance or if it seems like maybe you're tracking above expectations there. 
Terry Spencer: Well, I think we did lag early in the Q1 due to weather and there was let's face it, not only cold but there's a lot of snow. So it was difficult to get out there and connect wells. Second quarter we obviously strengthened and connected quite a few. I think the remainder the year we'll hit our guidance on our well connects some of that is just waiting on some capacity that certain compressor stations. So, I think we're in good shape to hit our guidance numbers for the year on our well connects and volume guidance.
JR Weston: Thats it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Shneur Gershuni, UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning, guys. Maybe a couple quick follow ups here, just with respect to the guidance, I mean you sort of maintaining the 20%. But in your prepared remarks, you kind of emphasized greater than 20%, was the comment. Until a few days ago ethane has been under severe pressure. And if I remember correctly, you had a big ethane rejection reversal tailwind in the last two years.  Your guidance when you originally set it out and saying the plus 20%, did that includes some reversal of the ethane rejection. And is that being offset by some better Elk Creek expectations, just kind of wondering what the moving parts have been positive and negative from the time you said it versus what you sit today. 
Terry Spencer: What I would say in when we look at the NGL volume growth in 2019 that has exceeded our expectations. For that is we probably have not seen quite as much ethane come out of rejection as we thought but we're seeing more ethane on our system than we thought from the growth in other areas. So we are seeing that offset a little bit. But dividing the big thing is we are seeing more volume growth than we thought we would see at this time. 
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then secondly, with respect to announcing a third plant in the Williston, I was just wondering what your flexibility was around the spend in the in-service date, when I sort of look at the flaring numbers that you have out there on your slides for 300 MMCF a day on your acreage, sort of look at two plants, it sort of looks like it would take care of their flaring plus some growth. We've recently seen a big dip in Williston rig count, if that's just not moving around and that trend continues, do you have some flexibility around the spend to sort of push out the in-service date of this third plant? 
Kevin Burdick: Shneur, this is Kevin. I mean, yeah, technically, you would have that flexibility. But we see nothing right now that would cause us to do that. In fact, it's just the opposite, our customers are -- they need more capacity in this Dunn County area. The results they've seen and these are some large, well-capitalized producers with large acreage blocks, they want to drill this area out and the plants full. And the only reason they're not deploying more capital down there right now is because of capacity. So we clearly see, this is a growth area for us. And we started off looking at a smaller expansion and the more color we got from producers, about their immediate plans, we continue to push it up and decided to put a 200 million a day expansion in.
Shneur Gershuni:  All right, that sounds great. Thank you very much. Appreciate the color guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jean Salisbury, Bernstein. 
Jean Salisbury: Good morning. Could you give us an estimate of how much ethane is being projected into Northern Border today, and what the maximum you think it can handle it?
Chuck Kelley: Yes, this is Chuck. Today there's roughly about 150,000 barrels a day of ethane going into Northern Border. We actually looked at this just the other day and the North Dakota pipeline authority has some information out at their website about it. With forecasts over time depending on the mix between Bakken gas and Canadian gas filling that pipe, you could see it as much as 180,000 to 200,000 barrels of ethane.
Jean Salisbury: Great. That's really helpful. Thank you. And then obviously, there's a lot of create pipelines that are running open seasons out of the Bakken. Just as a general question, do you usually find the [indiscernible] when they sign up for crude takeaway tend to parent with other takeaway like for example, if they signed a new 10 year contract for crude, would you expect them to be looking for NGL takeaway to match with that?
Chuck Kelley: Typically, we don't see that, where we see people come up need NGL takeaway capacity is when you're looking at building a new plant. So when they build the new plants when they'll secure the NGL takeaway capacity for that complete new plant, and then they'll grow into it as they -- on the crude on that side of it. So just because they signed up for a long crude term deal doesn't necessarily mean they're going to sign up for NGLs and vice versa.  But you really got to look at when you start seeing more plants being announced they have either are going to sign up for NGLs or have already signed up for the NGL takeaway.
Jean Salisbury: Really helpful, thank you. Thats all for me. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ethan Bellamy, Baird. 
Ethan Bellamy: Hey, good morning, all. There is some concern by investors that the Bakken may decline in the next three to five years what's your expectation for North Dakota volumes on your acreage longer-term?
Kevin Burdick: Again Ethan, this is Kevin. We continue to see growth, when you just look at the track record with rigs in that for 55 to 60 range for the basin. We have seen significant gas production growth and just remember that gas production is growing at a faster clip than crude production because of the GLR and the increases there. So there is a lot of positives about gas production, you look at some of the forecast out there. We believe there is definitely growth beyond that horizon you mentioned.
Ethan Bellamy: Okay. Thats a good thing. My next
Kevin Burdick: Well beyond that. 
Ethan Bellamy: Sorry, go ahead. 
Kevin Burdick: No, I just said well beyond that.
Ethan Bellamy: Okay. Thank you. I was just going to ask it looks like we might need a new gas export pipe to handle that volume do you agree with that and is that a project you're getting?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. I think we definitely agree with that. And again, as we discussed earlier, there are a variety of projects being discussed in different avenues to get more residue out, but clearly if we stay on a growth trend, you were -- the basin is going to need some additional takeaway capacity over the next two, three, four years. 
Ethan Bellamy: Okay. Moving down the south. How has the decline in NGL prices impacted, if at all the rates and negotiations with customers for frac capacity?
Terry Spencer: It has not impacted them at all. We are going to reprice our services off of alternatives, also what the marketplace is. And remember that NGLs are byproduct, it needs to be taken away in areas people can't get the capacity, they are flaring with what they say. So the absolute price of the NGL does not have an impact on what we can charge for our services.
Ethan Bellamy: And market's still fairly tight?
Terry Spencer: Market's fractionation capacity is still pretty tight, there is a lot coming on. And pipeline capacity obviously tight because we're building new ones as we come on, as well. So yeah the market is still fairly tight in all areas. 
Ethan Bellamy: Okay. And then last question. There are a lot of assets on the market and a few whole partnership, what's your appetite for M&A here?
Terry Spencer: Ethan, this is Terry. Not very high, candidly, when you look at the gross laid of opportunities that we have going forward. When you think about it from an accretion standpoint, we are talking dollars a share and additional earnings to come to the Company over the next several years. We can really get that from strategic M&A. Now there may be some assets from time to time that we could buy with cash that could make some sense. But right now, we really don't see anything out there that's that compelling or valuations, in particular that makes sense particularly when you think about the alternative we have to invest organically. 
Ethan Bellamy: Okay. Thanks you all. Much appreciated. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Craig Shere, Tuohy Brothers. 
Craig Shere: Good morning. Congratulations on another great quarter.
Terry Spencer: Thanks.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks Craig.
Craig Shere: On the G&P unit fee based margins, that look to be a record in the second quarter. Is that sustainable and what's driving that? 
Chuck Kelley: Craig, this is Chuck. We guided to $0.90 to $0.95, we are at $0.93 today. Obviously, with more Bakken gas coming out, it's higher margin relative to our Mid-Con business so thats part of the driver. In addition to that you get in the contract mix, different producers we have different fees. And so is it sustainable? I think we are solid in there range.
Craig Shere: Okay, great. And I just want to understand all the system integration gives and takes as it relates to Arbuckle II and possible modularity of your system, if I could describe it that way, currently you are coming out of 400,000 and then you have an increase of 5,000 a day. You contracted 375 [ph], but if you switched Sterling III purity product, any excess wide grade that hasn't been fractionated would have to go to Arbuckle II, and then you may wind up putting all the growth this thing in West Texas LPG into the Southern Leg of Arbuckle II. So I'm just trying to think through how quickly the entire system can fill up?
Terry Spencer: Well, that is a good question. We continue to look at how fast can you fill up and we're, as we said, we can add pumps fairly quickly as we go forward. But you're right, we -- if I go back to the original start of your question, the modularity and the optionality we have through our system gives us a lot of flexibility. And the first one is, is actually Sterling III is on royalty today, we will take all Sterling III's raw feed, put it on Arbuckle and open that up for purities and that's why we believe the spreads we can come when they'll be will come together. And then we will take -- we think hopefully very quickly will take Arbuckle up to 1 million barrels if all the capacity comes online as we think it's going to come online we see into the future. But we still think above that will -- we will put the pumps and go to 1 million barrels. We still have some headroom to breach that million barrels that we have not contracted for today. But we should be in the upper end of Arbuckle II and full pipelines are a good thing. And if we need to build another pipeline because we see that kind of volume come out, we'll build another pipeline.
Craig Shere: So shared in a couple questions the northern section of Arbuckle II isn't the same capacity as the southern section right? So if you do take West Texas volumes and go to 1 million barrels the Canton [ph] the Northern section, right?
Terry Spencer: The Northern section can do 600,000 barrels and the Southern section can do 1 million barrels. So that leads -- and West Texas pipeline is going to come in right where Arbuckle II transitions from a 24 inch or 600,000 barrels to a 30 inch or 1 million barrels.  So that leads 400,000 barrels a day that's open for West Texas to sale that does not impact the volume coming down from the north. And that's how the system was designed. That was our plan in the beginning. So you can -- we are anticipating we could see upwards of 400,000 barrels come off West Texas and go on to Arbuckle II. 
Craig Shere: And then if I understand it that would free the southern section of West Texas for potential crude service?
Terry Spencer: That's correct. Or as we continue to get to 400,000 barrels a day on West Texas, we're going to have to have a complete new line out of the Permian to Arbuckle II which would free up West Texas from the Permian -- the legacy West Texas system from the Permian to the Gulf Coast to us for some other service, which would include crude. 
Craig Shere: I see. And moving the wide range from Sterling III to West Texas, I'm sorry, to Arbuckle II that's got nothing to do with a 375 [ph] a day of contract it up. The 375 is all incremental to what you have today, right? And then moving capacity over to take advantage of the purity product is just extra.
Terry Spencer: That is correct. The 375 is -- does not include the volume that's moving on Sterling III today.
Craig Shere: Right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Sunil Sibal, Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Yes, hi, good morning, guys, and thanks for all the clarity on the call. Just one quick question on the G&P segment. Obviously, the results were fairly strong and I noticed that your OpEx in that segment actually fell sequentially as well, as much as last year despite a decent pick up in volumes. I'm just curious is there anything going on there or -- I know sometimes commodity prices, especially the gas prices kind of impact that OpEx. So I just find a little bit clarity on that.
Chuck Kelley: Yes, this is, Chuck. No, the -- sequentially we are about $6 million lower and pretty much just due to timing between the quarters. So if you average those two quarters together, run rate might be a little bit higher as we as we progress towards Demicks I and II, bringing on more employees and more field cost, but that's pretty much -- those are good numbers for the year.
Sunil Sibal : Okay. And gas is more like a pass through costs that natural gas prices don't really impact that number, correct?
Chuck Kelley: No, it does not impact that number.
Sunil Sibal : Okay, thanks for that. And then just trying to understand a little bit better on the LPG export side of things. From what I've been hearing, obviously, there've been a number of dock expansions coming online, which seems like maybe some constraints in moving those LPG volumes to the end customers, ultimately. I was curious if you have a view on that? And also, is there some way that -- and you're talking to customers on the LPG side, so in some way for you guys who taken get an opportunity out of that. 
Terry Spencer: I mean, again, as Sheridan kind of alluded to on the dock question. Yeah, there have been announcements out there, there's more capacity that's going to be announced. We do see some of the short term rates or spot rates have been pushed down. But like Sheridan mentioned, I think the key is, as we talk to customers, we're looking longer term, we're looking for rates are going to the economically justify a project. And that's the way we'll approach it.
Sunil Sibal: Okay, got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. How you guys thinking about what a 2021 step up looks like versus 2020? I mean you've got a lot of projects that come online in 20. And trying to think about how much that 20% plus captures that for 2020 versus what drives a 21 step up? 
Terry Spencer: Michael, I think that we're definitely not going to give you 2021 guidance, and we're stepping out a little further than we usually do and give you to an outlook on 2020. So you're going to have to do your own work here. But if you just take the capital that we're investing and recognize that we're in the same multiple in some of these incremental projects or even at better multiples, 2021 is looking pretty good too.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Do you still assume a 4 to 6 times multiple on most of these projects, or do you think some can even be better than that once you get a full run rate?
Terry Spencer: Well, I think the frac is a perfect example of putting -- adding capacity at about half the price of build is definitely better than a 4 to 6 multiple.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay, guys, thank you. Much appreciated.
Terry Spencer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you very much. Speakers, at this time, we have no further questions in the queue. 
Terry Spencer: All right. Well, thank you, everyone. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October, and extends until we release earnings in late October. We will provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and the IR team will be available throughout the day for your questions. Have a good week. 
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen at this time, this now concludes our conference. You may disconnect your phone lines and have a great rest of week. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the First Quarter 2019 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Todd and good morning and welcome to ONEOK's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be made available. After our prepared remarks, we'll be available to take your questions. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. I'll make a few brief comments and then turn the call over to Walt to discuss our first quarter financial highlights. To start, we've continued to see an improving industry backdrop since January. Crude prices have strengthened, producers remain active across our operations and our capital growth program remains on track and on budget. Project construction is progressing very well with our ability to predict expected completion dates improving every week. As it looks today, we now expect the southern section of the Elk Creek pipeline to be complete early in the third quarter of this year and the entire pipeline complete during the fourth quarter. The Arbuckle II pipeline and MB-4 fractionator are expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2020. Keep in mind, the earlier these projects are completed and are placed into service, the earlier ONEOK begins to recognize earnings on them. Based on producer activity and the progress on our projects and assuming no dramatic market change, ending the year at the low end of our capital guidance range is less likely than it was in February. To the extent that we may be above the guidance midpoint of $3.1 billion, we would be spending construction dollars in 2019 that were previously planned for 2020 and accelerating the in-service dates for some projects. Last week, we announced an extension of our Bakken NGL pipeline in North Dakota to connect with a third party natural gas processing plant. We're not only connecting an additional plant, we're reaching into a new area of the Bakken and providing NGL takeaway in Williams County, which historically has had limited transportation options. And by doing so, we are enhancing our ability to provide potential NGL transportation services to more customers. Additionally, our commercial team continues to evaluate a potential NGL export facility on the Gulf Coast. As this opportunity continues to evolve and develop, we will provide further details as appropriate. After more than a year of taking about our capital growth projects, we are nearing completion on several of them. Over the coming months, these projects will add critical NGL takeaway, fractionation and natural gas processing capacity for our customers where they need it the most, providing ONEOK with substantial long-term fee-based earnings and cash flow growth. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt for comments on our first quarter results.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's first quarter 2019 net income totaled $337 million or $0.81 per share, a 27% increase year-over-year and first quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $638 million, a 12% increase year-over-year. All three business segments recorded double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth compared with the first quarter 2018. Distributable cash flow in the first quarter 2019 was more than $500 million, but more than 17% from the first quarter 2018 with a healthy dividend coverage of 1.43 times. We continued to reinvest in the business, generating more than $150 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in the first quarter 2019. During the first quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.86 per share and in April, we announced an increase to $0.865 per share or $3.46 per share on an annualized basis. The dividend is payable on May 15 to shareholders of record on April 29. Our March 31, debt to EBITDA, on an annualized run rate basis, was 4.0 times and 4.1 times on a trailing 12 month basis. We ended the first quarter with total available liquidity of $3.25 billion, including borrowing capacity of $2.5 billion available on our credit facility and $750 million available on our three-year unsecured term loan agreement. As Terry mentioned, the industry environment has strengthened since the fourth quarter and construction on some of our largest projects could be completed early in the quarter as we've specified. We have clear line of sight to the ramp and timing of expected cash flows on these projects, which combined with our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, continues to underscore our expectation for no equity financing needs in 2019 or 2020. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operating performance.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. I'll walk through each of our operating areas and touch on a few more highlights related to operations in our projects. Starting with the Rockies region, raw feed NGL throughput volume on the Bakken NGL pipeline averaged 167,000 barrels per day in the first quarter with most of this growth attributable to increasing volumes being railed from the basin. Natural gas volumes processed in the Rocky Mountain region increased to more than 1 billion cubic feet per day during the first quarter, as we continued to see strong producer activity and record North Dakota natural gas production in January. We estimate more than 250 million cubic feet per day of natural gas is currently being flared on ONEOK's acreage, providing a clear backlog of volume to fill Demicks Lake I, when it begins service in the fourth quarter of this year. We expect additional flared natural gas and continued strong production to provide for a quick volume ramp of Demicks Lake II, which is expected to come online in the first quarter of 2020. Each of these plants, when full, are expected to provide approximately 25,000 barrels per day of NGLs to our Elk Creek Pipeline, not including ethane recovery. We continue to expect Elk Creek to reach approximately 100,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2020 with volumes increasing throughout 2020 and beyond. At volumes of 100,000 barrels per day, Elk Creek will be generating its targeted adjusted EBITDA multiple of four to six times within its first few months of operation. In addition, we now have secured contracts with natural gas processing plants in the Rocky Mountain region that can produce up to 200,000 barrels per day of NGLs, up from 170,000 barrels per day previously reported. The Williston Basin continues to average more than 60 rigs operating with approximately 25 rigs on our dedicated acreage. If crude prices sustain around $60 to $65 per barrel, we could see additional rigs move into the basin once NGL takeaway capacity and natural gas processing capacity are completed this year. Feedback from producers in the Powder River Basin also remains positive, where we continue to have more than 20 rigs on our dedicated NGL acreage. Moving onto the Mid-Continent, NGL raw feed throughput volumes increased approximately 4% in the first quarter 2019 compared with the same period last year. Volumes decreased in the first quarter of 2019 relative to the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily due to the impact of winter weather in the first quarter and some short-term volume we only gathered in second half of 2018. Construction on Arbuckle II pipeline is on track for completion in the first quarter of 2020 and our total contracted capacity on Arbuckle II is now 350,000 barrels per day compared with 320,000 barrels per day previously. In our gathering and processing segment, winter weather impacts and the delayed timing of several well completions contributed to the decline in natural gas volumes processed in the Mid-Continent in the first quarter 2019 compared with the fourth quarter 2018. Producer activity on our acreage in the STACK and SCOOP areas remains in line with our expectations and we're on track to be within our volume guidance range. In our natural gas pipelines segment, contracted pipeline capacity increased 10% compared with the first quarter 2018. This increase was driven by recent pipeline project completions in both the Mid-Continent region and the Permian Basin. These strategic expansions have helped alleviate natural gas pipeline constraints in these areas, as we've been able to provide much needed takeaway for our customers. Now, taking a closer look at our Permian Basin and Gulf Coast operations, NGL raw feed throughput volumes in this region increased 7% compared with the fourth quarter 2018, primarily driven by increased volume on our West Texas LPG pipeline system, including a ramp in volumes from our completed extension into the Delaware Basin. Additionally, the average NGL fee rate associated with our Gulf Coast Permian volumes increased to an average of $0.05 per gallon in the first quarter 2019. The higher rate is primarily being driven by increased bundled service volumes or transportation and fractionation volumes on West Texas LPG. Volume on this pipeline has historically been lower margin, transport only barrels, but as legacy volumes roll off, we are replacing them with higher margin transportation and fractionation volume, which we expect will cause this average rate to continue trending upward. ONEOK's system-wide NGL fractionation capacity is approximately 810,000 barrels per day, given our current product composition and this capacity remains approximately 90% utilized. We continue to look at several debottlenecking projects that could add 40,000 to 50,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity in 2019 and early 2020 and be efficiently completed at costs substantially lower than new construction. These de-bottlenecking projects are expected to provide capacity to help bridge us to the early first quarter 2020 completion of our 125,000 barrel per day MB-4 fractionator, which we expect will exit 2020 at full capacity. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. We've had a great start to 2019 and are looking forward to getting a number of these projects to the finish line in the coming months. The credit goes to our employees who remain extremely focused on operating our existing assets and building new ones safely and responsibly. We'll be putting hundreds of miles of pipeline and several facilities into service later this year and into next, which will dramatically increase the scale of our operations and provide much needed infrastructure and services for our customers. Our employees work every day to provide solutions for these customers, to enhance our business and to make ONEOK even more sustainable for the long term, all while focusing on safety and reliability, limiting our impact on the environment and providing value to our investors. Again, I want to express my thanks to all of our employees. With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Christine Cho of Barclays.
Christine Cho: I wanted to start off with the lateral to the Bakken NGL line. I think the processor that you're connecting to their other processing plants have been connected to different NGL takeaway solutions. Can you provide us some color on what's going on with those other options and why they finally came to you? Also my guess is the capacity of the pipeline even though you guys haven't disclosed it, it's much more than the contract is. Can you give us an idea of what other opportunities you have along the line?
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. I think once we get Elk Creek in line that the customers up there are seeing that our alternative for NGL takeaway nets them a greater net back than going the existing route, and as they continue to expand up in that area that their existing outlets are limited and they need that extra capacity. And you are correct, we are putting in a line that could move probably over 200,000 barrels a day, the lateral going over there. We see today other processing plants in the area that this pipeline goes by are producing approximately 10,000 barrels a day. But as we talk to people in the area that 10,000 barrels a day could grow to as much as 40,000 barrels per day in the near future.
Christine Cho: And then moving over to just sort of the ethane with also Permian ethane that's coming out, and I think pressuring ethane prices in the event Conway ethane frac spread remains negative. Should we think that third-party processing plants are rejecting the ethane. So there's less supply of ethane showing up at Conway for you to optimize. Just some color and how we should think about that?
Sheridan Swords: I think you're right. As long as you keep Conway ethane in rejection which is sitting there today, you will have about the same amount of ethane, you have today. It may grow a little bit as we bring on couple new plants in the second quarter. But remember, not every plants can't reject  not every plant can reject all the ethane. There some ethane that has to come out naturally anyway on our system. So I think what we're seeing today is what we think we'll see going forward if we stay in a time when Conway going to stand in ethane rejection.
Kevin Burdick: And Christine it's Kevin. I mean you've also got the significant amount of demand for more ethane coming on in the back half of 2019 as well. So that's going to be, that's going to pull more ethane out also.
Christine Cho: And can you give us an idea of, like the utilization on Sterling I and II for the quarter?
Terry Spencer: We just finished the expansion of Sterling III and we really operate those pipelines altogether they move around and we're a little bit under 90% for the total system.
Christine Cho: And then last question for me, I just wanted to make sure, can you remind us on the LPG export project any partner that you guys bring on would be someone who would take the volumes, yes or might think about it?
Kevin Burdick: Yes Christine this is Kevin. Well, I think it could we're exploring a lot of alternatives but yeah, especially as you think about ethane that would be a scenario that could play out LPGs might have a different approach, but we're working with the markets, on both sides. And we're working with others as well and still working through the details of what that, what that might look like.
Christine Cho: When you say both sides do you mean ethane and LPG I'm sorry ethane?
Kevin Burdick: Yes.
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Blum of Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Two questions from me one, some of the recent data coming out of the government and Bakken production shows a decline in the last couple of months. So I wondering if you just comment in terms of any trends you're seeing in terms of overall production trends in the Bakken?
Kevin Burdick: Well Michael, this is Kevin. I mean from a gas perspective we set a record in January. So that's always a good sign February, you had quite a bit of weather, not necessarily abnormal, but that pulled production back a little bit which is, standard kind of operating procedure this time of year. There is the feedback we're getting from not only our G&P customers, but then theres already been a couple calls from some of the other processors up there, the results have been incredibly strong. So we don't see any pullback of volumes of rigs and the results seem to keep getting stronger.
Michael Blum: The second question I had was on this potential LPG export project. I was wondering if you just talk to some of the competitive dynamics and return expectations you would have. I'm sure you're well aware that one of the big players in that market is out very publicly talking about basically keeping their rates down to keep competition out of the markets. So I was wondering if you could just kind of talk about the competitive dynamics and what returns would look like for a project like this. Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, we are seeing it's a very competitive market out there on the LPG side and if we would get into the LPG and ethane. It would be a very strategic move that we see that we need to be able to clear our product and be able to incite more ethane to come out. So it's a bigger look and just straight economics. No doubt the economics would be more compressed than we've seen on some of the recent projects, but we think it's a long-term play if we would go that route that we would do.
Kevin Burdick: So I think, Michael, this is Kevin. I think we've said and we continue to maintain that the project will - the project will stand on its own merits. So as we look at that obviously, the economics will be key but Sheridan is right it's a very competitive landscape out there for the project.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted just wanted to touch on Elk Creek and how that was going with the contracting side, if anything was added since the last quarter and kind of what enabled you to pull forward the timeframe here. It seems like pipeline project seem to be pulling backwards as opposed to be pulling forward so Im wondering what we were able to accomplish?
Terry Spencer: We'll start with the contracting. As I said in my remarks that we were now 200,000 barrels a day contracted out of the Rockies region that will ultimately we believe hit Elk Creek. As for the construction and our teams just jumped, they've done a great job executing as we've gone through the first stages of the project as we move forward. We've been very open about starting with the southern section and the team has made great project even through some tough weather and some very wet weather in the winter and early spring. But still on track and got comfortable that we now think it's going to be that southern section, can be complete early in the third quarter. So just a great job of executing so far by our project team as it relates to write away acquisition and getting the pipe in the ground.
Jeremy Tonet: And looking at the Mid-Con looks things have step down a little bit 1Q versus 4Q for some of the volumes you had. Just wondering how you see that kind of trending over the balance of the year. Has there been any change as far as producer communications for their activity levels are things kind of within the band of what you expect?
Chuck Kelley: Jeremy, this is Chuck. I'd say Mid-Con we got a good start to the year with our 32 well connects and the number of rigs operating. On our acreage are consistent with our plan and with guidance volumes were within the band of guidance. So we feel good about our numbers balance of the year in Mid-Con and in talking with some of the producers we actually see some of the rigs movement moving to our acreage on the SCOOP later in the year end of Q2 end of Q3. So overall, I just think we're one on pace with our guidance for the year.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Sighinolfi of Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Thanks for your time today. Terry I am not sure this for you or if this Walt, but just wanted to follow up on the discussion we had on the last quarter call about the pace of your dividend growth. Was just, I've noticed in subsequent presentations following that discussion that the 9% to 11% rate that you previously discussed and featured. You no longer peers obviously, the pace of growth has decelerated over the last two quarters below that range unless there is a subsequent step up later in the year. So I'm just I'm not advocating for a particular range or saying that there's something optimal Im just trying to figure out how to interpret what we've seen and what you guys are thinking at this point?
Walt Hulse: Well, as far as the omission I wouldn't read anything into that. We've been clear on that guidance and it hadn't changed. We established that guidance shortly after the consolidation transaction. So it's in place. So I wouldn't read anything into that. I think as the Board thinks about as we go into the balance of the year and it thinks about our dividend policy going forward, obviously we got the guidance there. But I think the most important fact they will take into consideration is just a tremendous cash flow growth that we see for the company. Business is performing extremely well and particularly with these projects coming online earlier and the growth opportunities we continue to develop, the free cash flow generation really its continuing to exceed our expectations as we look out, so that will be the key thing that they take into consideration as I think about the dividend policy going forward.
Chris Sighinolfi: The baseline view is still a view around the 9% to 11% that you're talking about?
Walt Hulse: Absolutely that guidance is still there, so.
Chris Sighinolfi: And then I guess maybe for Kevin or for Sheridan. We had previously chatted about heat content in the Bakken as it pertains to Northern Border and the fact that, ethane rejection might not just be a economic decision, but maybe an operational one. I'm just wondering where we shake out on that a lot of processing set to come up later this year and into next year, but curious how the dynamics look today?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, this is Kevin and yes, that's still something we watch very closely and stay in touch with - as you push with the basin being in ethane rejection right now you're pushing more and more high BTU content gas into Northern Border, that trend will continue and you're right, if you think about them Demicks 1 and Demicks 2 and the target has plant and Crestwood's expansion and you think about those that all the capacity there and all that residue making its way to Northern Border, clearly we're watching the BTU content at the bottom of border very closely. As we've said, we have the ability, as does the rest of the processors up there to recover ethane. Now, we need to get out Creek and service first before we would have the capacity to do that. But once we have Elk Creek in service, then we've got that's a nice option, we have as an industry, to be able to lower the BTU content on border if we start seeing downstream market impacts.
Chris Sighinolfi: And kind of why have you. Just a follow-up on Michael's earlier question about the export dock. I think you said that the project would have to stand on its own. So in terms of returns you guys have talked for a while about getting into that market. Michael referenced that you are talking about aggressively pricing their capacity, we shouldn't think about there being maybe a sub-optimal return on getting access to that space made up or through later expansions or anything like that.
Walt Hulse: Yes, I mean I wouldn't think about it that way that you're going to see periods of time where competition for spot space or it to the extent that there is excess capacity on these docs, you're going to see some dock on dock competition that will pressure margins. But as we think about this project, were thinking about it long-term contracting solid returns even relative to our other investments that we have obviously, the project itself, it would be a strategic move for us, making sure that we have the ability to clear barrels. We could have the ability to clear barrels even without of dock, longer term, but it's better if we have dock. So, but as Kevin indicated, we're looking at all our options and again it's a project that we are investing a lot of time in and certainly it's a capability that would add value to our existing suite of capabilities.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Actually I have a couple of them. First of all, your thought for a while about the expansion capability at either Elk Creek and Arbuckle II just with pumps. How are you thinking about the timeline for when you would potentially implement that and would you do it kind of staggered or you think the market warrants like bigger leaps?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan, obviously is we're starting to get contract up to 200,000 barrels a day. That is really on our mind when we put it in. We have the ability to stagger it, you don't have to go all the way on Elk Creek to the $400,000, there's intermediate steps you can just put a couple of pumps in here in a couple of pumps and there and get incremental capacity, so we can do that in stages we go on but definitely as we reach this 200,000 barrel a day mark. We are definitely looking at when we want to expand that pipeline because we want to make sure that we have the capacity to meet the customers' needs up there and don't get into an issue where the pumps are delayed by anyway by any means.
Kevin Burdick: And the only thing I would add on to that. This is Kevin, the contracted volumes that we talk about and we report really C3 plus volumes and they don't assume any ethane being extracted, so as we also think about our capacity on Elk Creek, we want to make sure we've got the ability and have some capacity available that if we back to Chris' question that if we do need to pull some ethane out because of downstream spec issues or the issues on board in the BTU content that we have the capacity to be able to do that. So we factor that into our thoughts on capacity expansions as well.
Michael Lapides: And then on with debottlenecking projects for the fracs. Can you talk a little bit about how much incremental capacity you think you're adding to that and when you think you get that completed?
Sheridan Swords: That's what we said, we were at 30,000 to 40,000 barrels a day of additional, we think we can get. You will see some of that maybe 10 to 20-ish and that we expect will get probably in 2019 with the balance in early 2020.
Michael Lapides: And then last thing, the rates of the margin, on West Texas, meaning the Permian in the Gulf Coast, you've talked about going from $0.04 to $0.05, and more importantly you made the comment about it kind of continuing to creep higher. How should we think about that? How do you want investors to think about how much higher that could creep? Are you talking about just kind of slow and gradual are you talking about moving closer to the rates you're getting in the Mid-Con. I just want to kind of frame that a little bit?
Sheridan Swords: Its Sheridan again. What I would say is that it's, I wouldn't say it's going to be slow and gradual, obviously we have the next expansion coming on West Texas pipeline that is contracted and when those volumes come up. They will almost be contracted at a rate twice as our average when that volume comes on. And then obviously we know that we will be losing some legacy volume as other pipelines come on and we have contracted that space as well. So I think there's two big leaps we will see in that rate going up. One is, when we complete the second expansion of the West Texas and the other one will be when their pipelines are completed out of there and volume comes off and we were able to replace it without volumes that we've contracted at the market rate and not at below-market rate.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dennis Coleman of Bank of America.
Dennis Coleman: I guess, if I wonder if I might ask a little bit more strategic question. You talk about the export docks and how you enter that market. M&A has been the topic that's come up quite a bit in recent weeks with some of the M&A and on the producer side and just some producer activity. How do you think about the M&A market, particularly with your currency being attractive as it is for that?
Terry Spencer: Yes, well, as far as the M&A market goes, we think about it quite a bit. The effect of the meant is the challenge there course is transact ability, when you think about the opportunity set that this company has heavy organic tremendous returns, low-risk projects relative to say much more strategic or exotic M&A. So we remain focused on this organic growth opportunity set that we have. So it's difficult for us to rationalize the risk associated with some of these transactions that we think that we think about, we'll look, we'll look we have investment bankers coming to us with their own ideas and what makes sense, but you know whenever seems to have a deal ready to do, so we stay focused on what we do and thats build in this infrastructure in these basins where we have these great, positions. I mean, candidly, when you look at it just purely on an accretion basis, just look at on DCF per unit accretion, these organic projects blow away any M&A transaction. So that's why we stay focused and you continue to execute heavily on the organic side. Does it help you?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sunil Sibal of Seaport Capital.
Sunil Sibal: Couple of questions from me, starting out on the Permian side of things, seems like, how should we think about 150,000 to 200,000 kind of barrels per day of NGL volumes on that pipeline contracted  rolling over the next 1 to 2, 3 years?
Terry Spencer: I think you will be over 200,000, yeah I think you'd be close to 300,000 barrels a day over the next couple of years on that pipeline moving. You already today approaching, 250,000 barrels, that's moving on the pipeline. So I think, we will be over 300,000 next couple of years, easily.
Sunil Sibal: Actually I was kind of trying to get some color on the legacy contracts that you have on that pipeline, how should those contracts been rolling over in the next one, two, three years?
Kevin Burdick: I think most of them will come off that we see coming off will come off in 2019.
Sunil Sibal: And then on the CapEx side of things. Seems like on the growth CapEx side you spent close to it $850 million this quarter, how should we think about cadence of that over the remainder of the year?
Terry Spencer: Yes we, I mean think about our projects, especially the big four we are in the heavy construction as we went through the first quarter. Well continue heavy construction as we go through the second and third quarter. Every project kind of has a natural flow as far as when the capital spent and as you get towards the end it tapers off a little bit so as you see that, but what could change that is again. We're doing everything we can to accelerate these projects that purely from a timing perspective, you might see some dollars. If we're above the guidance we would be, it would just be a shift from $20 into 2019 or vice versa. It's just literally the timing of how that would play out at the end of the year.
Sunil Sibal: And then just a clarification on the dividend growth policy, I think previously the policy has been 9% to 11% annual rate. Is there any thought on kind of thinking about that rate on an average basis over the next three years or so, just to kind of manage your CapEx spend, or should we just think about 9% to 11% every year through 2021?
Terry Spencer: So the Board is going to continue to take it up on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But what I would tell you is that the fundamental of our business continues to strengthen, given us plenty of earnings to support our dividend growth. And we have not adjusted our dividend growth guidance and we'll let the Board look at it, but we have strong earnings to support our guidance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jean Salisbury of Bernstein.
Jean Salisbury: What a Basin turnaround from the Bakken, if it is pursued the overall good or bad for what else I can kind of see both sides that would be interested in your view of the impact?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think, this is Kevin. I think clearly anytime there's addition. We don't want to be takeaway constrained right. And so we're always looking for ways to ensure that we have the takeaway for our customers up there. And so that will involve you look at residue in a couple of different ways. And so, I think it would come down to what type of rate, what type of term, and what type of volume commitments that would be required to make a project like that work versus alternatives, that the basin might have of other ways to handle the residue, which would also include handling some of the residue by recovering ethane. So I think that's still under. As we look through it and well be thinking through that, but clearly having. We don't want the Basin to be takeaway constrained from the producer standpoint, we want them to be able to continue to drill.
Jean Salisbury: And then there's some concern by investors of a fractionation overbuild over the next couple of years, how much of your Mont Belvieu fractionation is take or pay or perhaps otherwise protected?
Terry Spencer: Most of our new stuff coming on has very limited take or pay and that the market in these last couple rounds as built as not supported take or pay economics. But what I would say is that Mont Belvieu fractionation position and we anticipated the four and five being full, but under the scenario that they wouldn't we're not full we always have the option to take barrels that were fracking in the Mid-Continent moving down to the Gulf Coast and collect the additional Conway to Belvieu spread on that piece, but I don't think. What I'm seeing today with what's coming on. Now, there may be a little bit of short-term overcapacity in the fractionation market. But I think long term beaten up pretty quickly. And also remember that a lot of the players that are building these fracs today are storing raw feed and they will have to frac that off once they come on. So it's not just new production its production that's coming on. Now that we do not have enough frac capacity to today.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Shere of Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Three quick questions around Elk Creek, the growth that we're seeing out of the Bakken or out of the Rockies is being railed and the rail volumes have, if I understand that de minimis margins currently. So when the southern leg of Elk Creek opens up and we have more capacity upstream the Bakken NGL line, those volumes kind of immediately get what$0.20plus bump in margin?
Terry Spencer: Yes, youre pretty close.
Craig Shere: And on the 200,000 a day ultimate capacity that's been contracted in the Rockies, two questions on that. One, how long do you think that that could take to reach full capacity on those contracts. And two, can you break it down between Bakken and DJ?
Terry Spencer: I think we will ramp up to that 200,000 fairly quickly. I would say probably as we get into 2021, we will see that volume be at that rate up to 200,000 barrels. And once again, as Kevin said, that is assuming no ethane, if anything comes on your reset a lot quicker, so I think it take a little bit of time. I think the last piece will come in the delay on the last piece would be. We got to get the lateral over which will be completed the end of 2020.And then it would you repeat your last part of the question?
Craig Shere: I wanted to get a sense where it's all sourcing from in terms of proportion from the Bakken or DJ?
Terry Spencer: I would say about 70% to 80% coming out of the Bakken.
Craig Shere: Right. And one last versus
Chuck Kelley: Craig, just before you, before you move on, really a lot of those volumes are coming out of the powder not as DJ.
Terry Spencer: Yes, 80% of the Bakken and almost the almost the rest of it's all out of the Powder River.
Craig Shere: And the last question I noticed DCF coverage in the quarter was aided by lower sequential maintenance like CapEx and higher sequential other income, can you touch on the repeatability of that?
Terry Spencer: I think it's maintenance is just normal timing that comes and goes quarter-to-quarter and when the project gets done or not. The other was a small and non-strategic assets that we sold for a very small amount of money. So that was just a kind of ordinary course cleaning up some assets.
Operator: Thank you, this concludes our questions for today. I'll turn it back to Andrew Ziola for closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Todd. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until we release earnings in later July. We will provide details for the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us, and the IR team will be available throughout the day. Have a good week.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Shelbe, and welcome to ONEOK's fourth quarter and year-end 2018 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be made available. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President Natural Gas. On today's call, we will discuss ONEOK's fourth quarter and full year financial and operational performance, our 2019 financial guidance and 2020 outlook and provide an update on our more than $6 billion capital growth program. 2018 was an impressive year for ONEOK both operationally and financially as volumes across our assets and our earnings posted significant increases. In our first full year of operation following the acquisition of ONEOK Partners, we announced more than $5.5 billion of new capital growth projects, experienced NGL and natural gas volume growth across our operations and strengthened our already solid investment grade balance sheet. Our long track record of earnings growth continues. ONEOK's operating income has increased nearly $1 billion over the last five years, while adjusted EBITDA has also doubled over that five-year period and has increased 50% since 2015. 2018 was a year of growth and new project announcements and 2019 will be a year where we rely on our ability to execute and position our business for continued earnings growth into 2020 and I'm confident that we will. Over the next 12 to 24 months, our focus will be set on completing our projects on time and on budget, on protecting the safety of the hundreds of employees and contractors we have working on these assets and on the safe and reliable operation of our existing assets. We continued to evaluate additional opportunistic projects that address customer needs and the increasing demand for NGLs and natural gas in the U.S. and abroad. One of these projects, which has received a lot of attention, is a potential NGL export facility. What I can say is that we're closer to a deal now than we've ever been, but there are a number of details that still need to be worked out before we announce anything further. We're optimistic about where we are in the process and believe this facility would be a great fee-driven addition to our already predominantly fee-based business model. Along with announcing 2019 guidance yesterday, we also provided an outlook for 2020 to help bridge the gap between what will be a heavy-billed year in 2019 and a large step up in volumes and earnings expectations in 2010. We expect a greater than 20% increase in adjusted EBITDA in 2020 compared with 2019 expectations. More than $4.4 billion of capital growth projects expected to be completed in 2019 and in the first quarter of 2020, will provide a foundation for significant earnings growth in 2020 and beyond. We acknowledge that we have disclosed a fairly wide range for 2019 capital expenditures with our guidance based upon a $3.1 billion midpoint. Given the volatility in commodity prices we experienced around year-end, our CapEx range demonstrates that we have the flexibility to make adjustments based on increases or decreases in producer activity. As the year progresses, we will likely tighten the range as appropriate. Walt will provide more detail in a moment. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's 2018 operating income totaled $1.8 billion, a 32% increase year-over-year. In 2018, adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.45 billion, a 23% increase year-over-year. Strong natural gas and natural gas liquids volume performance helped us achieve 2018 net income, adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow guidance, which were all increased twice during 2018 because of better-than-expected operating results. The Natural Gas Liquids segment's 2018 adjusted EBITDA increased 25% compared with 2017. The Natural Gas Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Pipelines segments also saw impressive earnings increases of 22% and 8% respectively. The Natural Gas Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Pipelines segments both exceeded 2018 adjusted EBITDA guidance, driven primarily by increased producer activity on our dedicated acreage and higher contracted transportation volumes on our natural gas pipelines. The Natural Gas Liquids segment ended 2018 nearly 6% above our original guidance expectations. The segment's fourth quarter 2018 earnings were impacted by lower optimization and marketing earnings as the average Conway to Mont Belvieu price differential decreased approximately $0.12 as compared with $0.24 in the third quarter. Additionally, due to maintenance at our Medford Oklahoma fractionator the segment had higher NGL inventories than expected at year-end 2018, which impacted fourth quarter earnings by approximately $20 million. We expect to recognize a $20 million earnings benefit from the sale of this inventory in the first quarter of 2019. Strong business segment performance in 2018 set a solid foundation for 2019. We announced 2019 guidance expectations with yesterday's earnings release, including our expectation for net income, adjusted EBITDA to increase approximately 10% and 6% respectively in 2019. We expect year-over-year earnings growth in all three of our business segments with Natural Gas Liquids segment expected to be the largest contributor to that growth. We expect key drivers for 2019 to include our recently completed Sterling III and West Texas LPG pipeline expansion projects. We expected completion of the southern portion of Elk Creek pipeline in the third quarter, additional third-party plant connections in our Natural Gas Liquids segment and increased volumes and a higher-average fee rate in our Gathering and Processes segment. Kevin will provide more detail on our volume and operational outlook. Total distributable cash flow in 2018 was more than $1.8 billion, up more than 30% from 2017 with a healthy dividend coverage of nearly 1.4 times. We generated nearly $0.5 billion of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in 2018, a more than 70% increase compared with 2017. This is cash we reinvested in the business to fund our capital growth program. During 2018, our total debt increased only approximately $200 million, while we spent just over $2 billion on capital expenditures. At December 31, our debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.75 times and 3.83 times on a trailing 12-month basis. We saw a significant decrease in leverage from 2017 to 2018 and ended last year with an even stronger balance sheet than we had anticipated. We entered 2019 with total liquidity of $3.5 billion, including borrowing capacity of $2.5 billion available on our credit facility and $950 million available on our three-year unsecured term loan agreement. This liquidity, plus strong anticipated distributable cash flows and excessive dividends, positions us well for completing the capital growth projects still ahead of us. Our capital spending is heavily weighted towards 2019, as the bulk of our largest projects are being placed in service this year and early in 2020. In 2019, we expect approximately $3.1 billion in growth capital expenditures, of which more than two-thirds is related to Elk Creek, Arbuckle II, MB-4 and Demicks Lake I. Another 10% is related to routine growth capital expenditures, which includes well connections and plant connections and the remainder is related to spending on growth projects being put in service in 2020 and 2021, such as MB-5, the West Texas LPG expansion and Demicks Lake II. With these announced projects, 2020 CapEx is expected to be significantly less than 2019. As it relates to the range we provided, the low-end reflects a sustained reduction in commodity prices that would drive significant slowing of producer activity, which we have not seen and do not expect to see, based on our customer activity and announcements so far in 2019. The high-end of the range reflects a significant increase in producer activity and related capital to address that growth. To reiterate, at current market conditions we feel comfortable with the mid-point of our capital guidance range. Having said all that, with our strong balance sheet, expected continued earnings growth and financial flexibility, we expect no equity financing needs in 2019 nor in 2020 based on our expected slate of growth projects and our rapid deleveraging as these projects come online. During the fourth quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.855 per share and in February, we paid a dividend of $0.86 per share or $3.44 per share on an annualized basis. As it relates to our expectations for dividend growth -- for the dividend growth rate going forward, I'll make a few comments. To start, I want to point out that many positive things have happened to our earnings prospects since we initially guided to a 9% to 11% annual dividend growth rate when we announced the acquisition of ONEOK Partners. We're pleased to have the financial flexibility to return capital to shareholders at an attractive rate, fund our growth projects and maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet. We acknowledge that many investors and some research analysts have expressed the view that prudent capital allocation in the midstream space is more value. Accordingly, many investors do not require as higher dividend growth rate as they did in the past and that alternative approaches to returning capital maybe appropriate at some point in the future. We've received quite a bit of feedback on both sides of this issue. Going forward on a quarterly basis, our Board will continue their practice to evaluate dividend growth and alternative ways to return capital to shareholders based on the strength of our business, the commodity price environment of our producer customers, the funding needs of our growth projects, investor sentiment and our strategy to maintain a strong investment grade balance sheet. We believe that investors continue to value our ability to return capital to shareholders, while also funding our growth projects without expecting to issue equity to complete our announced capital projects. Before handing the call over to Kevin, I'll provide an update on the West Texas LPG rate case that was being reviewed by the Railroad Commission of Texas. In January, the case was settled with higher rates prospectively across the pipeline system. These rates are assumed within our guidance ranges. As we said previously, the majority of new volume commitments on the system are being contracted at market based negotiated rates, but we're pleased to have this matter resolved. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our business segment performance.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. As both Terry and Walt said, in 2019, we continue to execute on our low multiple organic growth program that is providing needed infrastructure for our customers across our operating areas. As these projects are completed in the second half of 2019 and early in 2020, we expect to see volumes and EBITDA ramp quickly. I'll walk through each of our operating areas and highlight our expected growth drivers in 2019 and into next year. Starting with the Rockies region. We continued to see strong producer activity and efficiency improvements across the Williston Basin and Powder River Basin, which is driving associated natural gas and NGL growth. NGL volume gathered on the Bakken Pipeline in 2018 increased 4% compared with 2017. Fourth quarter NGL volumes gathered averaged 148,000 barrels per day, a 7% increase compared with the third quarter of 2018. Growth has continued early in 2019 as we've gathered more than 165,000 barrels per day out of the Williston and Powder River basins on numerous days, which includes rail volume. In the Gathering and Processing segment, Rocky Mountain region natural gas volumes processed increased more than 14% in 2018 compared with 2017. Fourth quarter processed volume decreased slightly compared with the third quarter 2018 due to typical winter weather and maintenance which were already factored in to our expectations. So far in 2019, our Williston Basin processing plants are operating close to full capacity and averaged more than 1 billion cubic feet per day during January. With more than 250 million cubic feet per day of natural gas currently being flared on our dedicated acreage in the Williston Basin, we expect our 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake I natural gas processing plant to open full in the fourth quarter of 2019 and provide approximately 25,000 barrels per day of NGLs to the Elk Creek pipeline. Demicks Lake II also a 200 million cubic feet per day plant is expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2020 and will provide additional capacity for natural gas and NGL volumes to ramp through 2020. There continues to be more than 60 rigs operating in the Williston Basin with approximately 25 rigs on our dedicated acreage. These rig counts have remained relatively consistent as crude prices have fluctuated in recent months. We connected 610 wells in the Rocky Mountain region in 2018, exceeding our guidance of 550 wells and expect to connect approximately 620 wells in 2019. We also continued to see solid rig activity in the Powder River Basin where we have approximately 1 million acres dedicated to our Natural Gas Liquids segment and a 130,000 acres dedicated to our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. There are more than 20 rigs on our dedicated NGL acreage in the Powder River Basin currently and we continue to hear positive feedback from producers in the area. The southern portion of the Elk Creek pipeline from the Powder River Basin to the Mid-Continent remains on track to be complete as early as the third quarter 2019, with the entire Elk Creek pipeline expected to be fully in service in the fourth quarter of 2019. We have clear line of sight to Elk Creek reaching its initial contracted capacity of approximately 100,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2020, generating its targeted adjusted EBITDA multiple of four to six times within the first few months of operation.  We included a new slide in our earnings presentation yesterday that shows the various contributors to the expected volume ramp, which includes approximately 25,000 to 30,000 barrels of rail volume, approximately 25,000 barrels from Demicks Lake I, 10,000 to 15,000 barrels of Powder River volume and approximately 25,000 to 30,000 barrels from third-party plants that are currently under construction or being expanded. The Powder River volume will be moved to the southern portion of Elk Creek once complete in the third quarter to make additional room for Williston Basin volume on the Bakken NGL pipeline. Elk Creek volumes are expected to continue to increase throughout 2020. Moving on to the Mid-Continent. 2018 NGL volumes gathered in the Mid-Continent increased 17% compared with 2017. NGL volumes gathered from the region decreased in the fourth quarter 2018 compared with the third quarter 2018 due to increased ethane rejection and approximately 20,000 barrels per day of NGLs from a third-party plant which moved to a third party NGL pipeline, as expected and as we had previously disclosed. We completed the 60,000-barrel per day expansion of our Sterling III NGL pipeline in the fourth quarter and expect raw feed volumes to ramp up over the next 12 months. Our NGL pipeline capacity between Conway and Mont Belvieu is approximately 90% utilized. Arbuckle II is under construction and on schedule for an expected completion in the first quarter of 2020. Initial capacity on Arbuckle II is 400,000 barrels per day. That will be expanded to 500,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2021. We continue to expect that transportation capacity from Conway to Mont Belvieu will remain highly utilized due to growing NGL volumes, which we expect will keep spreads wider than normal until Arbuckle II is placed in service. In our Gathering and Processing segment, 2018 Mid-Continent natural gas volumes processed increased more than 18% compared with 2017 and increased 8% in the fourth quarter 2018 compared with the third quarter 2018, benefiting from the completion of several large well pads that we previously mentioned had been delayed from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We connected 138 wells in the Mid-Continent in 2018. During the fourth quarter, we completed the expansion of our Canadian Valley natural gas processing plant in the STACK, which brings our total Oklahoma processing capacity to approximately 1.1 billion cubic feet per day. In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, we recently completed expansions on our ONEOK gas transportation pipeline system, which support growth in the STACK and SCOOP. The expansions included 100 million cubic feet per day of westbound capacity and a 100 million cubicle feet per day of eastbound capacity, which are fully subscribed under firm transportation agreements. An additional 50 million cubic feet per day expansion of the eastbound capacity is expected to be complete this quarter. Now a quick update on our Permian Basin and Gulf Coast operations. NGL volumes gathered on our West Texas LPG system averaged 200,000 barrels per day in 2018, a 5% increase compared with 2017. Since the first expansion of this system was fully placed in service in the fourth quarter, we have seen volumes ramp reaching more than 250,000 barrels per day on several days in 2019. Our Mont Belvieu fractionators continue to operate highly utilized and we remain on schedule to complete our 125,000 barrel per day MB-4 fractionator in the first quarter of 2020. We expect MB-4 to exit 2020 full and for MB-5, which is also 125,000 barrels per day, to ramp up quickly once it's completed in the first quarter of 2021. ONEOK's total system-wide NGL fractionation capacity remains around 800,000 barrels per day, given our current product composition and we're utilizing approximately 90% of our fractionation capacity. We're currently undergoing debottlenecking projects that could add an additional 15,000 to 30,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity in 2019. These projects are in addition to the 20,000 barrel per day expansion of our Bushton, Kansas fractionator that we discussed on our third quarter call. We continue to expect that these debottlenecking projects, our current available capacity, our storage assets and a small amount of already contracted third-party offloads will provide sufficient capacity until MB-4 is complete. In our Natural Gas Pipelines segment, we have completed capital growth projects in the Permian Basin that include a 300 million cubic feet per day expansion of our WesTex Transmission pipeline system and a project to make our Roadrunner Gas Transmission pipeline bidirectional. Before I turn the call back to Terry, let's discuss our 2019 volume guidance, which incorporates recently announced customer activity levels. We expect our NGL throughput volume to be approximately 11% greater than 2018, driven by growth in all three of our operating regions. In our gathering and processing segment, we expect natural gas volumes processed to increase approximately 5% compared with 2018, primarily from growth in the Williston Basin. Additionally, with our Demicks Lake I plant coming online in the fourth quarter, we expect our 2019 exit rate for volumes processed in the Williston Basin to be approximately 20% higher than our current processed volume level. Our 2019 NGL volume guidance was provided yesterday using a new volume disclosure. The new metric is NGL raw feed throughput volume and it represents all physical raw feed volume on which ONEOK charges a fee for transportation, fractionation or a bundled fee for both services. This is the volume metric that we use internally and we believe better represents the key drivers to our earnings. We have provided historical comparisons of the new metric and plan to provide actual gathered and fractionated volumes for a period of time for comparison purposes. Please reach out to our Investor Relations team if you have questions regarding the change. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Kevin. Good color on 2018 operations and drivers in 2019. As we sit today, ONEOK is in a great position with an extensive and integrated system of assets in some of the country's most productive basin. I truly believe that one of the reasons we've been successful over the years is, because of our focus, meaning our focus on doing what we do well and doing what is best for our customers, investors and for ONEOK in the long term. We have a large growth program in progress right now, but we're not growing just to grow. Getting bigger isn't the point. We're focused on our customers and we're growing to meet their needs. We're focused on our investors and investing in attractive return projects. We're focused on our balance sheet and growing our strong asset positions and we remain focused on growing the right way, by being mindful of the environment and the safety of our employees, contractors and local communities. The hard work of our 2,700 employees and the support of our investors have enabled us to continue to grow our operations in a way that meets the needs of our customers, stakeholders and investors. A big thank you to all of you for a successful 2018. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hi. Good morning everybody.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Blum: Just a few quick questions. One, your comments on the dividend. So I, obviously, understand you're not providing a new dividend growth rate, but should we take this to mean that you're definitely signaling that you'll be lowering the growth rate going forward?
Terry Spencer: No, you should not. What we've done is we've just reminded you of the process that we've always used for making a determination on what we pay each quarter in terms of the dividend. The dividend growth guidance is still out there. We haven't changed it, but we're just reminding you that given all the discussions that are out there in the marketplace today about this topic, we continue to employ the same process that we used each and every quarter. And our board, if they decide to make a change, given all the facts and circumstances that we face today, then we'll let you know. Right now, yeah, we think that the process that we use is still intact and still in place and that guidance is still out there.
Michael Blum: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you. On -- just wanted to ask you a question on leverage. Should we just think -- given that you're not going to issue equity, should we expect that leverage will kind of flex higher into 2019 and then come back down in 2020 as more of the projects come into service and EBITDA ramps up? Is that the right way to think about it?
Walter Hulse: Yes, that's right Michael. But I think what I'd point out is that we're obviously entering the year at a very attractive spot to 3.75 times on a run rate basis. So, as we move through the year and CapEx as we get to the back-end of the year in the fourth quarter, leverage will peak up a little bit just as we're bringing those assets online and starting the cash flow in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of 2020.
Michael Blum: Okay great. And then I don't think -- I just want to confirm that the 2019 CapEx range is there any capital in that number for the potential LPG export dock?
Walter Hulse: No, there is not.
Michael Blum: Great. That's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks and good morning. My first question is for Kevin. I noticed that you didn't outline any frac volume guidance for the quarter you're going forward. Do you see any visibility for an incremental frac going forward here just given how significant in flesh your NGL volumes are within your system?
Kevin Burdick: Well, Danilo I think I'd go back to -- we feel confident I mean with the volume ramp we see as we look at our volumes going through 2019. When we look at the capacity we've got today we look at the storage we've got. We look at the expansions or the debottlenecking projects underway, we have a good outlook and having enough capacity that will bridge us till MB-4 comes online in the first quarter of 2020. Does that answer your question?
Danilo Juvane: No, it does. Thank you for that. And as you kind of think about your CapEx specifically the high-end of that range obviously you've said no equity for the planned year but if you do hit that high-end of the range still no plans for equity?
Walter Hulse: No. If we hit the high-end of the range we'll have seen a significant increase in producer activity and be bringing on these assets with very significant cash flow when they come online. So, we're still -- we're focused on the midpoint of our range, but we want to demonstrate that we have the flexibility to flex that depending on producer activity.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks. Those were my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Terry I just want to circle back very quickly on Michael's question just around -- I think commentary. I mean you guys had one of the more sort of heads-up negotiation process with ONEOK Partners when you guys were doing the merger. I know that at that time the 9% to 11% growth rates through 2021 was sort of important consideration for them. Clearly 2021 is also a year where everything we know that you're building will be online and it sounds like from Kevin running pretty well where leverage will come down. So, I guess are you talking -- or were Walt's comments about the shareholder feedback and dividend versus other forms of shareholder return is that to be interpreted as something that's actively discussed in the near term or more around periods around just 2021 negotiation with ONEOK Partners campus community?
Terry Spencer: I'll let Walt answer that question about his comments.
Walter Hulse: Yes what I would tell you is that our board's practice has been to evaluate all of those options on a quarterly basis as we move forward here. And we just wanted to acknowledge to the marketplace that we are hearing feedback from folks and that is being translated into the discussions with the board. And just be another factor that they factor in but they have always considered whether alternatives to dividend growth or other ways to give back capital to the shareholders and I'll continue to look at those opportunities going forward. And at some point in the future they may make some sense.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. If I could two questions on CapEx or I guess cash flow. The 2018 growth CapEx was just a bit light of what the midpoint of your 2018 guidance. Assuming that's timing but just wanted to check on that? And then related you did have a working capital benefit last year that was not immaterial I'm just wondering if we should assume anything for the line items like that in 2019?
Walter Hulse: Yes the CapEx is entirely timing. I mean nothing has changed whatsoever in our view of the scope of these projects. So, we have -- we're on budget and on time so as Kevin mentioned. So, it's just a function of timing and timing is through kind of how we factor through 2019 and 2020 as well. From the working capital standpoint, you've got significantly lower commodity prices at year end 2018 about 25% lower than they were in 2017 which is it gets reflected in both your accounts receivable and your account payable. And we had about $50 million less in inventory at the end of the year. So, nothing other than that that's really significant.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay great. One final question if I could for Kevin I think. Just on the NGL market dynamics particularly in the Mid-Continent that obviously you guys enjoyed a very strong spread environment in 2018 forecast a nice scenario in 2019 although not as frothy. I'm just wondering how -- I guess two questions related to that. How Shin Oak coming up and any available capacity that emerges on the MAPL system focuses in on what you're thinking in this guidance? And then second to that the Williams-Targa announcement on Bluestem and their comments about being able to move volumes off the third-party system. I don't know whose third-party system that is? It could be yours. Just wondering how that factors on your market view?
Terry Spencer: Okay. Chris, I'm going to let Sheridan take that one.
Sheridan Swords: Chris this is Sheridan. I'll first talk about the spreads between Conway and Belvieu. Yes, we're protecting a more narrow spread in 2019 than we saw in 2018. And some of the factors of what you said was Shin Oak coming on could have some downward or squeezing pressure between Conway and Belvieu. It just depends on how much purity products they can move out of the Conway market into Belvieu. In terms of -- as we go forward past 2019, as we said, Arbuckle II, when it comes online it will open up a lot of purity capacity on our system on the Sterling system that presently is being used for raw feed which we think will bring the spreads back into more of a historical or normal level a very narrow differential between the two markets. So, any additional capacity that's put in service between Conway and Belvieu past Arbuckle II, we really won't think we'll have a very limited impact on the spreads from where they are at that time. I'd also say on this you're talking about a third-party pipeline what I would say is we do not anticipate a material change in third-party volume that we currently fractionate and exchange in Mid-Continent that comes off of OPPL for many years in the future. So, with that -- but I also say that we do anticipate volume growth from Williams acquisition of Discovery created a need for additional capacity on OPPL. In this regard, we were able to reach an agreement with Williams to accommodate this potential growth in terms that are favorable to us. Also remember that we received an immediate EBITDA uplift from both shipping our barrels on our own 100% owned pipeline and from the additional third-party volume shipped on OPPL. We are pleased that OPPL continues to show both growth out of the D-J provide ONEOK with incremental benefits.
Chris Sighinolfi: Yes, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning. Just want to come back to the guidance here. In the range that you provided for EBITDA for 2019, if you could build a bit more on what'll be some of the drivers for the low-end versus the high-end there? And when we look at the 2020 guide kind of the 20% plus, is there like a certain commodity price environment that's kind of baked in there? Or any of the color that you could provide on that?
Terry Spencer: No. Jeremy I think the key there is as with any year, a lot of will come down to just the actual volumes that are flowing and that'll be predicated based on producer activity. This year is kind of interesting and that especially in the Bakken you look at from a gathering and processing perspective with the flared gas backlog that provides us support if you will for that volume outlook in the Williston Basin. But at the same time we're bumping up against some capacity in both the G&P segment and the NGL segment. So clearly spreads could have an impact as we move through the year that could move you up or down a little bit. But by and large we feel good about the midpoint of that guidance range, given the volumes that we have flowing today, the line of sight we've got to growth coming out of the Permian on our West Texas expansion growth coming out of the Mid-Continent on the Sterling III expansion and then just a higher month-to-month volumes coming out of the Bakken.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. Thanks. And going back to the CapEx range real quick here. I just wanted to confirm you guys hadn't seen any kind of cost overruns here? And as far as the range you're talking about, it's simply just a matter of timing between whether projects spending falls into 2019 or 2020 depending on the commodity price environment and how quickly producers want this infrastructure?
Terry Spencer: That's correct. All of our projects that we've announced are on schedule and on budget right now. So it's purely a timing -- the timing that we're talking about.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. That's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Two questions. One can you just talk about some of the commentary or feedback you've gotten from your producer or shipper customers from the Mid-Con? Im just kind of generically what are they saying about the environment today? How they're thinking about the next 12 months to 24 months production and volume-wise and kind of how that flows through to you guys?
Terry Spencer: We're going to let Chuck Kelley take that question.
Chuck Kelley: Thank you, Michael. Good question. What we're seeing in the Mid-Continent and STACK and SCOOP primarily for this year and maybe into the early part of next year, a lot of these producers that we deal with as you know have alternatives in other basins. They completely believe in the STACK and SCOOP. The inventory is there, the rock is good. We're all firm believers in that. We're still seeing good activity year-over-year. We had a great 2018 over 2017. So as we rode into 2019, we came in with a record volume of platform for us. We still see 2% growth year-over-year. So -- and what we're seeing primarily in the STACK and SCOOP, we're seeing more activity in the SCOOP than the STACK. So what you'll see from us this year we've seen some rig movements between us and other processors on dedicated acreage we'll still average in that eight rig to 10 rig count for the year. So we feel very good about our position in the STACK from a -- and SCOOP from a G&P standpoint. We have as you know a little better than 300,000 acres. But more importantly our NGL position and Sheridan can speak to that as to how many processing plants, he's connected to and the growth that he is still seeing in the Mid-Con. Sheridan?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We're connected to over 90% of the plants in the Mid-Continent and they all the new plants we've contracted on a long-term basis 10 years to 15 years old almost all the new plants that have come up in the last couple of years. And as Chuck said, we continue to talk to those customers and see the producers behind them. A lot of them are very excited about the growth prospects they see, even though, we've seen some producers back off a little bit. And in our volume guidance that we provided for 2019, we've already incorporated all these conversations and everything we've had with our producers on the NGL side as well as with the G&P side.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one follow-up on CapEx. Just trying to think about it like you've got so many large projects underway, whether it's the fracs, whether it's Arbuckle, Demicks Lake, how should we think about not just even 2020, but even kind of beyond that 2021 CapEx? Should we kind of think that growth CapEx slows materially, which means maybe there's less growth in EBITDA from new projects coming online, but there's also a sizable pickup in free cash? Or is there another wave of kind of major sizable projects like in Arbuckle or others and they simply haven't been announced yet?
Terry Spencer: So let me take the first part of that question and then Kevin can follow-up. So if you just think back historically, we've had a number of these large organic growth programs over the past several years, and it seems like every time we talk about this very question, we answer this very question the same way, and we're going to probably answer at the same way. Again -- but we'll see this growth. And then what will happen is based upon the visibility that we perhaps don't have looking into -- looking two or three years down the road, we'll have the growth capital taper off okay? And so Kevin will tell that yes, as we go into 2020 and 2021, we -- our own internal forecast are indicating less capital to be spent. However, each and every time we have continued to -- as that visibility gets closer to us, we've been able to develop more projects and continue to keep the organic growth train going if you will. And so that's -- I mean, that's just historically that's how it has happened, and I think it's very possible that there's opportunity out there we don't know about yet that will come. So, Kevin anything to add there?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. That's spot on. I think one of the ways to think about it is with these two -- primarily the two big pipes Arbuckle II and Elk Creek, we've more than doubled the back bundle if you will of our NGL system from North Dakota to the Gulf Coast. And so as we move forward with the operating leverage we have on those pipes to continue to expand it through low-cost pump stations that provides us the opportunity. So really future capital needs are things like maybe another processing plant in the Bakken and another fractionator in the Gulf Coast, which are in much smaller chunks than the large multi-billion-dollar projects that we've got underway right now. So I do think you're going to see that range down over time, but as Terry suggested, we'll continue to look for opportunities to generate nice returns on other projects as well.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann with Sanford Bernstein.
Jean Ann: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on [Technical Difficulty]
Terry Spencer: Jean Ann, I couldn't understand a word you said. It's -- but we've got a technical difficulty on your transmission for some reason. Did any of you pick up?
Jean Ann: Is it any better?
Terry Spencer: That's much better.
Jean Ann: All right. Great. So I just wanted to follow-up Chris's question on Bluestem. Outside of the third-party, the Bluestem Grand [Technical Difficulty] 
Kevin Burdick: I think your question Jean Ann was do those plants have the option to switch? And what I would tell you is, as I said in my statement is that, all the plants we've contracted here lately are in 10 years to 15 years. So our contract that the dedication those plants have to the ONEOK System or for many years to come. So those plants are already dedicated to us and will not come on.
Terry Spencer : So they don't have the ability to switch.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. So they don't have the ability to switch.
Jean Ann: Okay. Thanks. And can you give a sense as to what [Technical Difficulty] 
Kevin Burdick: We have not hedged any of the $0.10 around the Conway to Belvieu spread. It's very -- it's difficult to get forward numbers on Conway and a lot those products. At times we will forward sell a little bit where we store one month's product and ship it in the following month a little bit of it, but it is very difficult to hedge the north-south on a long-term basis. So you just don't have the liquidity.
Jean Ann: Okay. Sorry, about the echo. Great. It makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dennis Coleman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Dennis Coleman: Hi. Good morning. My question I guess maybe to follow-up a little bit on your discussion from the question with Michael. Should we think about sort of the next wave of projects as being tied to some of the discussion about crude oil pipeline takeaway out of the Bakken? And as we see announcements there potentially we could see you start to talk about your growth projects beyond 2020?
Terry Spencer : Well, you get a long-term and maybe it would be. But if you look over the next two years or three years, we feel comfortable and as we talk to our customers that both crude and residue takeaway, there will be enough there to provide pretty significant growth over the next few years. And so I don't know that I would tie our next plant or additional capacity, we may need in the Bakken over the next two years or three years to a crude oil solution. I mean, you've got a couple open seasons out there that are being looked at. You've got some other expansion opportunities that I know people are floating around. So again right now our producers feel pretty good about their crude takeaway, and then you've always got crude by rail that can get you to the coast as they bridge, if you will to get to a pipe if they need it.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. Thanks for that. I guess, then my follow-up. Can you just give a little bit of color about the debottlenecking projects that you talked about the 15,000, I guess the 15,000 to 30,000 a day of frac capacity and what's the nature of those projects are?
Terry Spencer: That's just a -- there's several items in those numbers that will span just from very low-cost expansions and some different equipment that we could put in some different controls, we could put in that could squeak out at three or four different facilities an extra 5,000 or 6,000 barrels a day.
Dennis Coleman: And is that something -- are these something that can happen in a month or two or second half of the year?
Terry Spencer: They'll range. Some of them may happen very quickly others may take a few months if we've got to order some vessels or equipment that might have a longer lead time to them.
Dennis Coleman: Okay. Thats it for me. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Shere with the Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Shere: Picking up on Michael and Chris' questions on the dividend.
Terry Spencer: We can't hear you Craig, you're breaking up.
Craig Shere: Can you hear me now? Is this better?
Terry Spencer: That's better.
Craig Shere: As CapEx drops materially by the second quarter 2020, wouldn't you envision capacity to both sustain up to low-double digit dividend growth and consider share buybacks? And how do you think about fair value for the shares given the really massive very low-cost organic growth built-in with completion of both of those very large NGL pipelines with massive upsizing?
Walt Hulse: Well, Craig what I would tell you is that you're absolutely right that as we go into the back half of 2020 and then into 2021 and 2022, we expect to have a very significant cash flow in excess of dividends. And we basically have a three-tier approach to thinking about that. And our first approach is to try to find very attractive growth projects that we can go ahead and build. Our second approach is to make sure that our balance sheet is as strong as we possibly can have it. And then after we've done those two, we surely will put the possibility of share buybacks in the mix and think about that. And -- but that will be a discussion at the board level as we get out there a couple of years.
Craig Shere: Do you have any thoughts on fair value? I mean, obviously, the leverage from continuing to fill up Elk Creek and Arbuckle II is substantial as we look beyond 2020. So one would assume that you could sustain above-average growth rates?
Walt Hulse: Yeah. No, if you're asking me if I think our stock is under priced the answer is, yes. I think we've got very significant growth ahead of us. And it really comes down to the cadence with, which that growth will come on the pipes. But I think the fact that we've been able to guide you achieving our 100,000 barrels a day in the first quarter of operation in Elk Creek and the significant contracting that's gone above and beyond that initial 100,000 really leads to very attractive growth going forward.
Craig Shere: That sounds good. And my last question, I don't know who wants to take it maybe Terry. But you guys built over like a decade and a half a dominant Bakken in the Mont Belvieu position that no one else has. But the Permian through Mont Belvieu to LPG export market is certainly comparatively more crowded. Certainly there's a lot of synergies from moving into LPG exports, but how do you think about the competitive landscape there?
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly it's significantly more competitive than our other areas. However, we've been pretty effective competitor. When we linked the West Texas system with our infrastructure in the Gulf Coast and basically brought it into the ONEOK's system proper, it changed the game for us, and we're seeing it in the volume performance particularly in the Permian. So the exports are a natural progression for us in the value chain. And it's not something that we absolutely have to have, but we certainly believe that it's a strategic and important component for us that I think will do a great job as, if and when we get a project put together. It certainly enhances our ability to market internationally for obvious reasons. I will now tell you that we market internationally today even though we don't operate a dock. But I think if you have a dock or an export terminal, it will certainly substantiate us as a true international player year. So, all that fits together well. And on top of that it's a business that's a fee-based component. So it fits well contractually as well and so there you go.
Craig Shere: Good. And how would you compare the all-in costs of that potential announcement to say a new frac or new processing train?
Terry Spencer: If you think about how we're approaching the project and I'll let Sheridan make a comment after me. But if you think about how we're approaching it which is primarily with a joint venture partner that there will be the export terminal itself will have some have partial will have partial ownership in that but then also there's infrastructure that has to be built around the terminal interconnection to storage facilities, connections to markets and connections to our system proper. You're talking about a cost net to ONEOK roughly in the $0.5 billion range. So from an order of magnitude of capital that's what we're talking about.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kania with Wolfe Research.
Q  Alex Kania: Thanks for taking my questions. This is just more of a clarification question. For the 2019 outlook, are you baking in kind of a consequence related to Shin Oak coming into service this year? Or were you talking mainly about the 2020 impacts?
A  Kevin Burdick: I think when we set out our guidance for what 2019 is going to be and we looked at what the Conway to Belvieu spread is in 2019, we did take into consideration that Shin Oak could possibly create some more capacity for purity products between Conway and Belvieu and I think that's why you see that our number is a little bit lower than it was in 2018.
Q  Alex Kania: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Q  Sunil Sibal: Yeah, hi good morning guys. Thanks for all the clarity and the call. Just wanted to go back to the balance sheet and leverage question a little bit. So it seems like there is a potential for you to kind of expand the fairway for potential projects and CapEx. I was wondering is there kind of a maximum leverage that you will look at when you think about that CapEx especially considering that some of these projects will be longer-lead projects?
A  Walter Hulse: Well, I'm not going to put a specific number out there. I think you can do the numbers based on the CapEx, but we've put out the significant cash flow growth that we expect to see this year and going into the coming years. We think we'll be in line with what the rating agencies have put out there publicly and kind of the expectation in the marketplace. We'll definitely be moving above four times for a very short period of time and as we get through the construction phase. But as we come down into 2020, the significant incremental EBITDA and cash flow delevers us very quickly than in the 2021.
Q  Sunil Sibal: Okay. So four and maybe 4.5x kind of max out there and then obviously 2020 cash flow growth will probably bring it on pretty quickly, is that the right way to think about that?
A  Walter Hulse: I think you're in the ballpark and you can do the math yourself, but I don't think you're too far off.
Q  Sunil Sibal: Okay. Got it. And then one last one from me. In terms of management's view on industry consolidation opportunities especially what we've seen so far is probably more like project consolidation. Do you see opportunities for even corporate consolidations opening up in the current environment?
A  Terry Spencer: Sunil I think you're right, we have seen a lot of asset consolidation and we've seen asset JVs too. But I think you're going to see more of that just I think that the corporate consolidation is obviously than other than some of the structural things we've seen over the course of the last year I think from a straight up corporate consolidation we still have time yet before that that starts to happen. I think -- again I think we're going to see it but it's going to take some time.
Q  Sunil Sibal: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Operator: We have no more questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola.
Andrew Ziola: Well thank you everybody. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extends until we release earnings in early May. We'll provide details for the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and the IR team will be available throughout the afternoon. Have a good rest of your day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Ziola - Former VP IR and Corporate Affairs Terry Spencer - President, CEO & Director Walter Hulse - CFO & EVP, Strategic Planning & Corporate Affairs Kevin Burdick - EVP & COO Sheridan Swords - SVP, Natural Gas Liquids Charles Kelley - SVP, Natural Gas
Analysts: Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Shneur Gershuni - UBS Investment Bank Spiro Dounis - Crdit Suisse Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Securities Christine Cho - Barclays Bank Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Sunil Sibal - Seaport Global Securities Christopher Sighinolfi - Jefferies Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ziola. Sir, please go ahead.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Katie, and welcome to ONEOK's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be made available. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. On today's call, we will discuss, among other topics, ONEOK's third quarter financial and operational performance; our financial guidance increase included with yesterday's earnings announcement; NGL fractionation capacity; and we'll share our progress on our now $6 billion in capital growth program. Our strategy to create value for our stakeholder remains the same with our assets well positioned. In some of the most economic and prolific basins in the United States, we continually find opportunities to serve our customers through long-term fee-based contracts. The NGL and natural gas volume growth we have experienced this year continues to result in high-quality earnings growth attributable to our core business of fee-based services. Our volumes in the Williston Basin and the STACK and SCOOP areas, combined with favorable optimization and marketing activities from our extensive, reliable and integrated NGL network, has resulted in another increase in our 2018 financial guidance. Since our last call, we've announced additional capital growth projects anchored by long-term customer commitments, which include the second expansion of our West Texas LPG pipeline to serve the continued growth in the Permian; another NGL fractionator in the Gulf Coast, MB-5; another processing plant in the Williston Basin, Demicks Lake II; and an expansion of the Arbuckle II pipeline, which has already begun construction. Building off our extensive asset base allows ONEOK to expand at attractive returns, providing clear visibility to strong earnings growth in 2019 and accelerating thereafter. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's third quarter operating income totaled $495 million, a 40% increase year-over-year and an 11% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $650 million, a 26% increase year-over-year and an 8% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we increased our 2018 financial guidance for the second time this year, driven by strong financial and volume performance year-to-date and our confidence in the fourth quarter. We increased guidance for net income by 9%, distributable cash flow by 7% and adjusted EBITDA by 5%, all compared with our previous guidance midpoints. Our new adjusted EBITDA midpoint is now $2.47 billion, an increase of $120 million compared with the guidance we announced last quarter and nearly $500 million above our 2017 adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA guidance midpoint for all three business segments also increased with the largest increase of nearly 11% in the natural gas liquids segment. Continued volume growth and strong optimization results drove the $145 million increase in the NGL segment's guidance. And greater-than-expected volume growth and higher average fee rates drove the guidance increase in the gathering and processing segment. With two months left in 2018, we feel confident in our new financial and volume guidance ranges. Kevin will provide additional detail on our revised 2018 volume expectations. During the third quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.825 per share and last week, we announced another 4% increase to $0.855 per share or $3.42 per share on an annualized basis, in line with our previous guidance. The dividend is payable on November 14 to shareholders of record on November 5. At September 30, our debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.4x and 3.78x on a trailing 12-month basis. We generated $133 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in the third quarter, a 6% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. For 2018, we expect to generate more than $500 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends that we can reinvest in the business to fund our capital growth program. Total distributable cash flow in the quarter was more than $470 million, up 4% from the previous quarter with a healthy dividend coverage of nearly 1.4x. With $1.6 billion of equity issued in 2017 and January 2018, we have satisfied our expected equity needs for our announced capital growth projects through the remainder of 2018. We expect to benefit from increasing cash flows from operations in 2019 and expect any additional equity financing to be considered in the latter part of 2019. This consideration will be based on the timing and amount of capital expenditures. We expect any additional equity financing, if needed, to be limited to issuance under our existing at-the-market equity program. As of now, we have nearly the full capacity of $2.5 billion available on our credit facility. We remain focused on sustaining our strong investment grade balance sheet and having significant liquidity as we construct our capital growth projects. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our business segments.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks, Walt. Starting with our natural gas liquids segment. NGL volumes gathered in the third quarter averaged 956,000 barrels per day, an 18% increase compared with the third quarter 2017 and a 6% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. Mid-Continent gathered volumes averaged 614,000 barrels per day during the quarter, an 8% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. Volumes on our West Texas LPG system averaged 204,000 barrels per day, a 4% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. Our Bakken NGL Pipeline remains full, and we continue to rail NGLs out of the region. We expect rail volumes to continue to increase until the Elk Creek pipeline is in service. NGL volumes fractionated average 732,000 barrels per day during the third quarter, a 21% increase compared with the same period last year and a 5% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. Fractionation capacity across the industry remains tight, and our fractionators have been running near capacity. With recent expansion and debottlenecking projects, we estimate we have more than 800,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity given our current product composition, which gives us approximately 60,000 barrels per day of available capacity to accommodate growth. We expect that this capacity, along with additional debottlenecking projects at our existing fractionators, our storage assets and a small amount of already contracted third-party offloads, will provide sufficient capacity until our and MB-4 fractionator comes online in the first quarter of 2020. ONEOK's standard practice is to align our NGL transport and fractionation agreements pricing terms with the actual physical redelivery location of either Conway or Mont Belvieu, thus, avoiding the risk of pricing mismatch in our contracts. So the contracts that support Arbuckle II include Conway pricing terms until Arbuckle II is in service and then the terms will switch to Mont Belvieu pricing. The benefit of our integrated system, including our use of storage for unfractionated NGLs in both the Mid-Continent and Mont Belvieu, offers a number of ways to optimize available capacity and provide our customers the NGL services they need. Our Sterling I and II pipelines are currently shipping purity products and running full. And our Sterling III pipeline is transporting unfractionated NGLs into Mont Belvieu. Our Arbuckle Pipeline continues to operate close to its full capacity of 255,000 barrels per day. We continue to expect the transportation capacity from Conway to Mont Belvieu will remain highly utilized due to growing NGL volumes, which we expect will keep spreads wider than normal until Arbuckle II is placed in service. When Arbuckle II comes into service, it will have the ability to move the unfractionated NGLs currently flowing on Sterling III. This will open up capacity for more purity products to get to Mont Belvieu, which we believe will narrow the Conway-to-Mont Belvieu NGL pricing differentials. In conjunction with increasing the segment's adjusted EBITDA guidance, which Walt talked about earlier, we've also updated 2018 volume expectations. Our guidance for NGLs fractionated increased by approximately 5%. And we narrowed the range for NGL gathered volume guidance, keeping the midpoint at approximately 925,000 barrels per day due to better-than-expected C3 plus volume growth in the STACK and the SCOOP, which was offset by the continued rejection of Conway-priced ethane. Total ethane supply on our system continues to increase with approximately 100,000 barrels per day of additional ethane gathered on our system in the third quarter 2018 compared with the same period in 2017. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. For the third quarter, adjusted EBITDA for the segment increased 12% compared with the third quarter 2017, driven by volume growth in the Williston Basin and the STACK and SCOOP areas. Contract settlement adjustments in the second and third quarters of 2018, together, resulted in a sequential quarter adjusted EBITDA decrease, but the core business continues to grow. Volumes remained strong across the basins where we operate. Third quarter natural gas volumes processed averaged more than 1.8 billion cubic feet per day, a 15% increase compared with the third quarter 2017 and a 3% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. During the third quarter, ONEOK's natural gas volumes processed in the Rocky Mountain region reached a new milestone averaging more than 1 billion cubic feet per day, a 17% increase compared with the third quarter 2017 and an 8% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. In the Mid-Continent, third quarter natural gas volumes processed averaged 835 million cubic feet per day, a slight decrease compared with the second quarter 2018 due to several large well pad completion delays. In October, we have already seen increased production with processed volume reaching nearly 900 million cubic feet per day on several days. We connected 137 wells in the Williston Basin and 29 wells in the Mid-Continent during the quarter. We've now connected a total of more than 550 wells through the first 9 months of the year, well on our way to meeting our increased guidance of 680 well connections. Rig activity remained strong with nearly 35 rigs on our Rockies-dedicated acreage, including two in the Powder River Basin and 15 in the Mid-Continent. The strong producer activity we've seen around our assets year-to-date is expected to continue for the foreseeable future. We updated our 2018 volume guidance for the segment with the main change being the expected volume mix by basin. Our Rocky Mountain processed volume midpoint increased and our Mid-Continent processed volume midpoint slightly decreased due to the timing of completions in the STACK and the SCOOP areas. The segment's average fee rate increased to $0.92 per MMBtu in the third quarter 2018 from $0.89 in the second quarter 2018. Higher fees continue to be driven by greater-than-expected volume growth in the Williston Basin compared with the volume growth in the Mid-Continent. We expect our average fee rate for the fourth quarter to be similar to the third quarter. In the natural gas pipelines segment, third quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 6% compared with the second quarter 2018 and increased 3% year-over-year, benefiting from increased interruptible transportation volumes and firm transportation capacity contracted. We had successful open seasons on three of the expansion projects announced in June, which will provide additional takeaway capacity in the Permian Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas. Open seasons resulted in more than 900 million cubic feet per day of capacity secured on our project to make Roadrunner Gas Transmission bidirectional, 300 million cubic feet per day of capacity secured on the expansion of our WesTex transmission system in the Permian Basin and 100 million cubic feet per day secured on the westbound expansion of ONEOK's gas transportation system in Oklahoma, which is on track to be completed before the end of the year. The eastbound expansion of the ONEOK gas transmit - gas transportation system did not have an associated open season, but was anchored by 115 million cubic feet per day of firm commitment. Now a quick update on our growth projects. Since our last earnings call, we've completed the extension of our West Texas LPG pipeline into the Delaware Basin. We also completed the expansion of our Canadian Valley natural gas processing plant in the STACK, which brings our total Oklahoma processing capacity to approximately 1.1 billion cubic feet per day. Volumes on both projects are expected to ramp up over the next 12 to 18 months. Additionally, we recently completed some meaningful fractionation expansions in the Mid-Continent, including an approximately 20,000 barrel per day expansion of our propane plus capacity or heavy-in capacity at our Bushton, Kansas fractionator. This expansion was part of the related infrastructure upgrades included in our Elk Creek pipeline project to help accommodate the heavier NGL barrel coming from the Williston Basin. We remain on schedule to complete the 60,000 barrel per day expansion of our Sterling III NGL pipeline this quarter. Construction remains on track for Elk Creek, and we continue to expect - to complete the southern section as early as the third quarter 2019 and the entire pipeline by the end of 2019. We've also contracted an additional 30,000 barrels per day on Elk Creek since our last call, bringing total contracted volume to approximately 170,000 barrels per day. Arbuckle II is under construction and on schedule for an expected completion in the first quarter of 2020. The expansion of Arbuckle II, which was announced in July and will increase capacity - total capacity from 400,000 to 500,000 barrels per day is expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2021. We've contracted an additional 20,000 barrels per day on the system, bringing our total contracted volume to approximately 320,000 barrels per day. Also, our MB-4 fractionator is on schedule to be complete in the first quarter of 2020. Finally, we are currently constructing an additional 400 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity in the Williston Basin with our Demicks Lake I and II plants with Demicks Lake I on track to be complete in the fourth quarter 2019. Given our current volume outlook, we expect Demicks Lake I to open nearly full. As a reminder, all these projects are backed by long-term commitments and/or acreage dedications addressing the needs of our customers and are aligned with the expected volume growth we see across our operating basins. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Kevin. This has clearly been a quarter of operational milestones and impressive financial results that underscore the reliability of our employees and our assets and the success of our customers in the basins where we operate. I'm not one who typically focuses on statistical records because we've achieved more than I can count over the years. Our goal, after all, is to create value for our stakeholders and let our track record of capital discipline and performance speak for itself, including doing what we say we're going to do and working hard to improve each and every day. But the milestone Kevin mentioned earlier about reaching 1 billion cubic feet per day of processing in the Williston Basin is one that, I think, speaks volumes about the growth of our operations and the ambition of our employees. Just 8 years ago, we had only one processing plant in the basin. Now we're processing 1 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas and are the primary NGL takeaway provider from the region. The growth between then and now isn't just the story of the Williston Basin, which has been an incredible basin for us, but it's also a reflection of our bigger company story and our continued growth in all the basins where we operate. Our employees have taken a great base of assets across our system and built a fully integrated midstream operation with unique competitive advantages in each basin where we operate. This kind of ingenuity and drive while doing it safely is what our employees thrive on and what has enabled us to announce our long list of growth projects at attractive returns. This couldn't have been accomplished without the hard work and dedication of each and every employee or without the continued support of our long-time investors. To follow up on my closing remarks last quarter, we recently published our 10th corporate sustainability and ESG report, which is available on our website. Stakeholder expectations have continued to increase for the energy industry to operate safely and environmentally responsibly. At ONEOK, our long history of good corporate citizenship is clearly reflected in this report and I'm proud of our progress. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Danilo Juvane from BMO Capital.
Danilo Juvane: I wanted to start with the Mid-Con and how the volumes were sort of light this quarter. Can you sort of explain what drove that decline?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Danilo, this is Kevin. Again, as I stated in my remarks, it was really just a timing of some of the well completions that we had kind of scheduled out with the producers. We had a little maintenance activity. But I think, as it relates to the STACK and SCOOP, what I'd do is look at the Mid-Continent volumes of NGL. I mean, we have like a 45,000-barrel per day increase sequential quarter-to-quarter for the NGL group, which I think is a broader indication of we still feel very strong about the SCOOP and STACK as well as we've seen the volumes pick up significantly in October in our G&P segment.
Danilo Juvane: Got it, got it. I know you don't provide guidance until February at least. But should we expect the volumes in Mid-Continent to remain as strong, if not stronger, in 2019?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, I think we expect - if you see this rig count remain, which we expect and I think you will see volume growth. I mean, getting the Canadian Valley II expansion complete and having that capacity now, you've got some of the pipe constraints with our projects and others that have taken care of some of the residue. So I think you're set for growth as we move through '19 and beyond.
Danilo Juvane: Got it. One of your largest customers in the Bakken outlined a pretty bullish long-term view for the basin. By our estimates, you are tapped out on central processing capacity and that's without including the PRB picking up here. How much more Rocky-related growth are you guys seeing going forward here?
Kevin Burdick: Well, let's start, on the G&P side, we still have some available processing capacity that we think we'll see a little more flaring, but we'll get there with our Demicks Lake I plant that's coming up in the fourth quarter. From an NGL perspective, yes, takeaway, the pipeline is full, but we've got the rail capacity that we've got up to 30,000 barrels a day of rail capacity that we will take advantage of as we move through '19 until Elk Creek comes online. And with Elk Creek, again, the southern section being complete in the third quarter, that allows us to accommodate growth that we expect to come out of the Powder early by shifting those volumes over to that pipe. Does that help?
Danilo Juvane: Got it. Last question for me - yes, absolutely. I appreciate that. Last question for me is on the ATM. Obviously, you said that you may need limited equity next year dependent on project timing. As you are sort of developing these organic projects, is it fair to see that you continue to get something in the 4 to 6 times EBITDA range?
Walter Hulse: Yes, we continue to see very attractive growth opportunities that are in the range of our capital investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Maybe I - just to start off, I was wondering if we can talk about storage a little bit. I guess kind of two-part question here. When we look at the inventory builds on your balance sheet, can we just assume that's effectively unbooked EBITDA and that's due to timing? And then, secondly, when we sort of think about your storage positions and we sort of think about the spreads and the pipes being full and so forth, are you able to synthetically effectively sell volume at Mont Belvieu without actually moving the molecule by using your storage in Belvieu and using your store storage in Conway?
Sheridan Swords: I don't think so. I mean, we can sell volume - I'm sorry, this is Sheridan, we can sell volume forward and store it in Conway until it's ready to be shipped to Belvieu, but eventually, it's going to have to be shipped. We can't synthetically make the transaction without actually physically shifting volume. Does that answer your question?
Shneur Gershuni: Yes, that's essentially it. And also the value of EBITDA - of the inventories booked at the end of each quarter on your balance sheet, is that effectively unbooked EBITDA that just didn't happen due to timing?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, this is Kevin. I mean, Shneur, you're really talking about from a raw feed perspective, that would be an inventory, yes, that would be effectively unbooked EBITDA.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. And just a couple of follow-up questions here. You sort of addressed some of this in your prepared remarks, but just to try to nail it down for us less technical people. Given the questions in the industry about being short capacity, can you walk us through how you mitigated that risk? When you go to build a new processing plant, for example, do you already line up the transportation and frac capacity that you expected the output of that plant? If you can sort of walk us through that, please.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. Yes, that's basically what we do. So most of our bundled services that we provided and how we contract, we go and provide certain amount of capacity to each processing plant, whether it's us or whether it's other people. And we make sure we have the transportation and fractionation capacity available to get that to the pricing point in the contract. And that's when we talked about Arbuckle II. Until Arbuckle II comes up, some of our contracts will stay priced in Conway as we can't physically get that barrel yet to Belvieu. But we look at through our whole system to make sure we're balanced and we don't get out of whack and get into a spot where we are having to buy third-party or buy out of spreads to handle our contracts or commitments.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect, that makes total sense. One final question just in terms of outlook both near term and longer term. Ignoring the optimization spreads just due to the volatility in that, the good results that we've had this quarter, you've raised guidance, which implies a stronger 4Q, how much visibility do you have a of the base business growing into 2019? And then if I recall correctly during your prepared remarks, you'd mentioned that Elk Creek is now 70% contracted. By the time it comes online, could we actually be in a position to be expanding that?
Kevin Burdick: On that last question, yes, this is Kevin. We would love for that to be the case. I mean, we continue with - the growth in the Bakken continues to be strong. I think a lot of people listened to the call yesterday of one of the large producers up there and they were clearly very bullish when you just look at the returns they're getting on the wells. So absolutely, we don't think we're done. And like we've mentioned, we could expand that pipe with minimal capital by just adding pump stations as we continue to grow our contracted volume. And you're also seeing growth in the Powder River as well, which would feed Elk Creek from that standpoint. So yes, we think that, that's something that we're keeping an eye on of when we might need to expand that.
Shneur Gershuni: And with respect to 2019 in terms of the trends in your base business, should we expect a similar cadence of growth that we're seeing in 3Q this year and what you're guiding to for 4Q this year?
Kevin Burdick: I mean, without getting into guidance, clearly, when you look at the rates that are in our acreage on the G&P side and you look at the rigs that are ultimately behind our significant positions in the Mid-Con and the Bakken on the NGL side, absolutely, you would expect growth. As we've talked about, some of the pipes are full, but again we definitely believe that core business is going to be in a great position not just in '19 but then as we move through 20 when these assets come in service
Terry Spencer: Shneur, this is Terry. We'll be coming out with guidance after the first of the year at some point in time in January. So and as Kevin indicated, all the fundamentals look incredibly strong for us as we think about '19. Certainly, you can't forget about 2020 and 2021, we're doing a lot of things in '19 that set us up for 2020 and 2021 in a big way. So you'll see more as we come out with guidance after the first of the year in terms of what our thoughts are as far as volumes, but - and all the indications we're seeing from all the producers and rig count expectations are all just - are outstanding for '19.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Just wanted to start off on the tightness in the frac market. Obviously, you guy have taken steps there with Mont Belvieu 4 and 5 in 2020, 2021. But I guess, just in the near term here, how do you guys think about some of the short-term solutions to help clear the market? Is it all just going to storage? Are there other creative solutions you guys come up with going forward? And then just around OKE specifically, what are the other benefits we could see you accrue to you guys over the near term here?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. I think what you're seeing happening in the market is obviously storage plays a big place in that. If you can store barrels, for us it could be in Conway or in Belvieu for unfractionated NGL barrels until your fracs step up in '20 and 2021. Also we continue to look at our fracs in very detail to see is there any minor debottlenecking that we can do to eke out 5,000 barrels a day here, 10,000 barrels a day and then look at the different compositions we have. So we have some plans for that as we get into '19, the first quarter of '19, we'll have a little bit of turnarounds to help - allow us to incrementalize and move some of our fracs up in capacity. So I think you're seeing some of those - by all the industry participants continue to look at each one of those. And also we have seen, it's been pointed out in other calls, that there's actually some petrochemical crackers now that are looking at cracking unfractionated raw feed as well, especially when the spot frack market gets as wide as we have seen it, you always then have those participants coming in. So I think all those things are what's going to be needed to get to 2020 or beyond 2020. I still don't think the frac market will - I think the frac market will still be tight in 2020. We need to get through 2021 to really loosen it up or get it back to more normal levels. But everybody is well incentivized to find every creative solution to get a little more frac capacity to do storage, do cracking through our petrochemical facility or increasing your own frac capacity.
Spiro Dounis: Got it, that's great color. And then just on West Texas LPG and the potential to, I guess, convert to a crude pipeline there. How are you thinking about the timing around that, which I think is kind of a big factor, I'm guessing, in the economics. But what are the other factors you guys are considering as you think about that decision?
Sheridan Swords: I think one of the things we're considering is whether or not, with all the growth we've seen out there and our ability over these last months to be able to contract new volume, which drove our announcement under the expansion out there, that it may be better served to leave it in NGL service. And so that's probably one of the biggest decisions we have is what's the best service and how do we make the most money out of it going forward. Obviously, there's a spread differential in crude out there right now that everybody's trying to get to, but what's the long-term aspect of being able to contract that. So there's lots of different things, but we're talking to people about it, trying to understand how do we make the most money with the assets we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: I apologize in advance, this is probably like a multipart question, but I'm trying to understand a little bit about some of the dynamics with the flows and the bottlenecks. So it sounds like the producers are getting close to flaring limits in the Bakken, which, obviously, one way to alleviate that would be to toggle ethane yet you got downstream constraints on frac capacity to fractionate. So just wondering like how those two factors are sort of playing out those dynamics? And I guess, related to that, what is your utilization of frac capacity currently at Conway? And is there any room there for additional frac? So I know there's a lot in there, so apologies.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, this is Kevin. We'll start with the flaring in North Dakota. Clearly, as you've seen the state report information published the latest one, it's ticked up little bit. I would remind everybody that, that information is the gross production and the gross gas capture levels. So then what happens with each individual producer then is able to, with the updated regulations, they're able to utilize or take credits, if you will, if they have beat the target over the last six months. And they're also able to exclude 60 days of IP gas on their new wells. So we believe many of our producers will be able to stay under and expect to stay under the flaring targets as they move through '19 till some of the capacity comes online. To the question about the ethane and the toggling there, clearly, we're managing that very carefully with all our processing plants to try to maximize throughput while still also managing the downstream impact. So obviously, we are rejecting at this point with the Bakken line being full and then the rail activity, we are rejecting as much ethane as we possibly can to give us as much NGL Takeaway capacity as possible to help them out. So that's the way we think about that. As for the Conway specific, Sheridan, do you have comments about the Conway?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, what I'd say about Conway is we stated in Kevin's remark that we have about 60,000 barrels a day of available fractionation capacity. And with our integrated system, we can make that fractionation capacity show up anywhere on our system that we want to as we move raw feed around. But with wide north-south spread, you would say all that fractionation capacity is in Conway because we're taking everything we can to Belvieu. So right now we'd probably say we have 60,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity in our Conway market. That is above what we're bringing in on gathering. Today, we're using that 60,000 barrels a day to reduce our raw feed in inventory, and we plan on ending the end of this year, end of 2018, with minimal raw feed in inventory to get ready for the ramp-up in volume in '19 and get us to the 2020 MB-4 fractionator.
Michael Blum: Got it. I appreciate the details - the detailed answer. My second question really is more of a balance sheet financing question. Just as we think about modeling going forward, is there a leverage ratio that we should think about where you'd start to then consider tapping the ATM for equity a little bit to keep that within some sort of range?
Walter Hulse: Well, Michael, what I would say is that with the increased cash flow and the earnings growth that we've had in '18, we've been able to reinvest that money back into the business so it's kept our leverage at a run rate basis right now at 3.4x. So we're sitting pretty good at the end of three quarters and going into '19. We've always said that our longer-term target is to be below 4x and nothing's changed on that. But we've also said that we expected it to creep up in the latter part of '19. The rating agencies have acknowledged that. And so we're going to have to keep an eye on it. But our expectation is that cash flows keep flowing as they are, we'll be in a pretty good spot moving throughout '19. So we're keeping ourselves flexible if we need some equity, but we think there's a good chance that there won't be any equity in '18.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: I have a follow-up to Shneur's question. If you fractionated the barrels, but put it into storage afterwards as purity product, then it's booked as revenue in your income statement, is that right? So there could be inventory on your balance sheet that already has been recognized as revenue?
Sheridan Swords: That is correct. If you fractionate.
Walter Hulse: It's when you actually sell the barrel that we get. The thing is that we fractionate and store so many barrels on a constant flow basis that they're constantly flowing through there, Christine, and bringing in as much as we do on a daily basis. But we actually recognize the revenue when it is sold. The Barrels are fungible and they're going in and out of storage every day.
Christine Cho: But I guess, when we look at the buildup in your inventory, I mean, should we - if more of that was purity product than y-grade, I'm just trying to get a sense of like whether or not most of that was already recognized versus not, if that makes sense.
Walter Hulse: It wouldn't be recognized until we got it solved. But obviously, if it's purity product we have ability to sell it into the marketplace at any time.
Sheridan Swords: We sell almost all our barrels every day into the marketplace. We don't take price risk on our barrels, so we're selling our barrels every day into the marketplace.
Christine Cho: Okay, but I guess I'm also trying to split to, Sheridan, your comments on earlier questions that you guys are trying to reduce your y-grade inventory in storage, is that right?
Sheridan Swords: That is correct.
Christine Cho: Okay, but the number one up, so I can only assume that your purity product storage went up, is that incorrect?
Sheridan Swords: Those aren't necessarily the same. If we fractionate our y-grade in inventory, we'll sell it into the marketplace. If we decide to keep y-grade in storage, we may still sell it in the marketplace and then sell it forward or something as we go with that. But just because we fractionate more barrels, more barrels in y-grade, doesn't necessarily mean that we have to store that barrels of purity product. We still have the ability to place it into the market.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then I think you kind of alluded to this in your prepared remarks. But for the last year and change, guys have told us that we should assume that your optimization capacity would decrease throughout the year if customer commitments grew. But it sounds like we should assume that what you have now is what you'll continue to have maybe actually go up when your Sterling III extension comes online. Is that the right way to think about it?
Sheridan Swords: Well, as our Sterling III expansion comes online, we will be moving - we'll have obligations to move more y-grade into the Mont Belvieu market. Not all of that y-grade that we move into the Mont Belvieu market we'll need to frac because some of the - the main contract that supported the Sterling III expansion was a transport-only barrel. So we still have that obligation to get those barrels into the Mont Belvieu market. But to the extent we have excess capacity on Sterling III and have the frac capacity and Mont Belvieu to frac it, we would increase our optimization.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then how much debottlenecking can we see out of the fracs? I mean, you guys already mentioned the 20,000 barrels per day of propane plus out of the Bushton frac. Was that included in your 800 number or no?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, it was.
Christine Cho: Okay. But how much more could we see beyond that? Do you guys have like a general sense?
Sheridan Swords: I think you can maybe able to see 20,000 to 30,000 possibly. A lot of depends on, when you get these higher levels depends, actually on the composition that you have coming into the system. So as we do different things, composition could change, they'll move around. But you could see 20,000 to 30,000 possibly.
Terry Spencer: So Sheridan, this is Terry. So that 800,000-barrel a day number could be higher number particularly if the feed composition change to a lighter barrel, more ethane.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We can frac 840-plus thousand barrels a day as our nameplate if we had the right composition. And especially in the wintertime when you got colder temperatures, we can definitely get above nameplate with the colder temperatures in there. But right now, we still have some ethane being rejected on our systems, so we're still fracking very heavy barrels especially at the Bushton fractionator. So if we get live feed, we will go above that. But we're seeing we're at - at the composition we see today, we can get above 800,000 barrels a day.
Christine Cho: And we wouldn't see the 840-plus unless the Conway ethane frac spread went positive, is that right way to think about that?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, you need to get more ethane into the Conway fracs however that happens.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to pick up with Conway-Belvieu a bit more here, and granted, it's a very, very difficult question to answer and you're not providing guidance at the time, but I was just wondering if you could provide us with your updated thoughts on how you think that spread could kind of trend over next year? Where do you see some of the give and takes there? And as it impacts your optimization, do you see more risk to the upside or downside in 2019 versus 2018 optimization margins there?
Sheridan Swords: Well, 2018 was pretty good. So if 2018 would repeat itself, that would be very good. But we think it will be volatile and - but it won't go back to historical levels or anywhere close to historical levels until we get Arbuckle II up and get more purity capacity in between Conway and Belvieu. But a lot to me depends on what the demand is in Belvieu for our exports on propane and petrochemicals on ethane, overall price, there's a lot of factors that go into that. But what we do know is it that we have volume in Conway that can't get to Belvieu due to pipeline constraints and that won't be allayed to Arbuckle II, which is what leads to a wide north-south spread.
Jeremy Tonet: Fair enough. And at the risk of asking about something besides NGL, just want to pivot towards the WesTex expansion there and really just trying to dig in a little bit more and see how much of that - this build-out is getting to destinations that really kind of clear the basin. I mean, does the extension kind of connect into north of Plainview or for NGPL kind of north of Amarillo? Just trying to see how much extra this helps get past choke point.
Charles Kelley: Yes, Jeremy, this is Chuck. The OGT - I'm sorry, the OWT northbound, it was pretty much designed to move the Waha gas molecules north to the Mid-Continent where the spreads were wider and they could access little different markets. So yes, you're seeing that gas up into the Texas Panhandle and potentially utilizing some of the Oklahoma assets as well.
Jeremy Tonet: So it connects in north of those kind of 2 hubs on those pipes?
Charles Kelley: Yes, you're looking at NGPL, Panhandle, Mid-Continent-based markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: We're six days out from election day, how are you guys thinking if the unlikely scenario plays out that Prop. 112 in Colorado passes? And I know you've kind of talked about it, but just how do you think this kind of flows through each of your three segments?
Terry Spencer: This is Terry. Really no significant impact if Proposition 112 passes. Doesn't look like it's going to pass, it's close. But it doesn't look like it's going to pass. But even if it does, don't expect any significant impact to us, to our business whatsoever.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one other question really, just kind of balance sheet and credit metric perspective, you've got a lot of growth projects that you're going do fourth quarter this year through next year. What is the peak leverage level, the peak debt-to-EBITDA that you're willing to go to knowing that it's going to be temporary? Meaning knowing it may be just for a quarter or 2 or 2 or 3 quarters before the big backlog of projects comes online in second half of '19 through 2020?
Walter Hulse: Well, I think my answer is going to be the same as I said just before is that our long-range target's 4x and we will edge above that in the latter part of '19. But we're seeing very significant cash flows from the business that we're reinvesting into the business. So we think that if things keep trending that we'll be in a good spot from a balance sheet standpoint. But if we need a little bit of equity, we have the ATM available.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: A couple of questions for me. First, the clarification on the max frac capacity that you mentioned previously on the call, the 840,000 barrels a day and then you have 20,000 to 30,000 on top of that in composite, everything?
Kevin Burdick: We would have - the 20,000 to 30,000 would be on top of both the 800,000 barrels a day that we can frac with our current composition. So the extra 20,000 to 30,000 barrels a day would be on top of that.
Sunil Sibal: Okay, got it. And then on the G&P segment contract settlements, which impacted this quarter, how should we kind of think about that going forward? Is that something of a bit of an ongoing issue? Or is that kind of resolved at this stage?
Charles Kelley: This is Chuck. No, that - we have approximately 2,000 contracts in the G&P segment. And from time to time, you're just going to see settlements and adjustments on some of these contracts. So no, that wouldn't be something we would anticipate going forward.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. And then, lastly, on the Canadian Valley processing plant that you brought online. I was just wondering based on the activity you're seeing behind that, what's the kind of the expectation for that plant ramping up and getting full?
Charles Kelley: We think - as we said in the remarks, it'll be - probably it'll ramp over the next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Just a little nitpicky one maybe for me, Terry, if I could. On Slide 7 of the deck, you guys featured as you had in past quarters the anticipated bundled - average bundled rate by region. I just was noticing the Mid-Con, WesTex, I'm sorry if you mentioned this before, but there's now a tilde between those two ranges as opposed to a less-than symbol. So I'm just curious what sort of happened in those regions to maybe bump up modestly your view on the bundled rate?
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think on West Texas pipeline, you're seeing a bump up on that because as we brought these new volumes on, they're at-the-market rate, which is much higher than the legacy rate that some of the old volume was on. And some of that old volume has left and so we fill some of the existing volume with higher-market volume. So our average rate is starting to trend up on the West Texas pipeline as we thought it would as we bring on market-based barrels, market price barrels for T&F service. And the Mid-Continent is the same thing, we've been able to contract it at little bit higher rates. As we continue to go forward, we've had some volume decrease on areas like the Barnett Shale and places like that, but some that are smaller volume - smaller-rate volume and we'll put it in STACK and SCOOP, which is higher-rate volume at the Mid-Continent. We're seeing a shift towards the higher-margin volume from the low-margin volume on our system.
Christopher Sighinolfi: And is there - I guess, as you think about that then on profile forward, is there a meaningful amount of contracted volume that you guys know of that you think is going to be profiling off in the next couple of - next - in whatever period you want to define it that could cause that rate to go higher on just existing capacity? Or is this driven more of over time just by adding these stuff?
Sheridan Swords: I think on the West Texas pipeline over next year and into 2020, you will see a lot of our low-rate volume leave the system in favor of market-based or a more market rate volume. So yes, you could see significant increase in the West Texas LPG system average bundled rate.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay, great. Switching gears real quickly, a lot of questions on the Bakken from a gas recoverability and processing perspective. I'm just curious if we get it to crude, you had mentioned and referenced one of the largest producers up there talking positively about the basin. There's two pipelines that have talked about expansion opportunities. I'm just wondering your view on that from a crude perspective as both a major operator and someone who formerly had a crude project in the backlog?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, we've got a lot of questions when you have a differential blow out a little bit, that was primarily due to an abnormal amount of refinery maintenance that was occurring in the upper Midwest, you've seen that spread come back in. But as you look forward, clearly you've got an open season out there right now on DAPL. You've got some other expansions being discussed. I mean, clearly, the producer yesterday was in conversations about larger expansions that they think may happen over the next couple of years. And you've also got some rail - a significant amount of rail capacity that used to be in service and now is sitting there. So with the combination of those expansions and the rail capacity, I think, as we talk to customers, they're comfortable that, that's going to absolutely bridge them to the point if you did need another greenfield project to provide additional capacity out.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. Yes, I guess, that's what prompted my question was the discussion of significant new capacity, which seemed to be bigger than what those current expansions have discussed. So when I was just dusting off who had at prior points in time talked about projects from there, you guys being one, I was just curious if that - obviously, you have a ton in flight and I'm not saying you should add anything more at this point. I'm just curious if Bakken crude express gets dusted off at any point.
Kevin Burdick: It's not on our radar at this point. I mean, we're absolutely locked and focused on providing the processing and the NGL takeaway. But you know, long term, we are a big player up there. Is it something we would consider, absolutely.
Terry Spencer: Chris, it's Terry. So what I'll tell you just from our experience the last time the challenge associated with getting the kind of commitments that you need to make these large projects like Bakken Express work very challenging, the things that these producers do are innovative ways - using their ingenuity to find ways to get barrels out of that basin, and Kevin just listed off all those things. An so we've recently talked to some producers in private meetings about this very thing. And they're working on a lot of things, they have a lot of options to get crude out of the basin and we really don't have concerns about crude takeaway, certainly, over the near term and broadly over the long term really.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: One quick follow-up on West Texas LPG repurposing. I was under the impression that the expansion connecting the line and Arbuckle II kind of sets you up for twining the systems so that you don't have to have an either/or proposition, albeit maybe a couple of years out to really bring on an opportunity to enter into crude service. So can you kind of elaborate on that?
Sheridan Swords: I think what we're saying there is when we complete the loops that we're starting on these expansions we've done so far, we'll have a complete system from the Permian to Arbuckle II then we'll use Arbuckle II to get into Mont Belvieu, which will open up the legacy West Texas system for some other service. As we continue to go, we've explored looking at crude and what that looks like. But we're also seeing a lot of opportunity in the NGL services that we may be able to fill, all that we have are capacity we see going forward on this Loop and Arbuckle II and need additional capacity for NGL. So it may be better to leave it in NGL service or it may be better to put it in crude service. But as we go along, we'll make that determination. But it's not a foregone conclusion that we will move it to crude service. We'll move into the right service that makes us the most money.
Craig Shere: Understood. I know kind of breaking into services in the crude spaces then, along with LPG exports, has been kind of a focus for longer-term opportunities to add a leg to the stool, so to speak. If West Texas is most optimally used for NGL service for a number of years forward, is there anything else you're looking at to kind of provide additional multiple services to same producers?
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think we still would like to look at the crude side of it for sure, it just may not be through this method. There's - obviously, there's other methods to get into that side from different ways starting from gathering or further down the road, it could be M&A further down the road. You don't know. On the export side, we continue to work very hard on the export side and having a lot of meaningful discussions and growing. But when we're ready to announce that one, we'll announce that one when we get everything lined up. So we still see that as opportunity to where we could grow, it just may not be through the West Texas LPG side.
Terry Spencer: Craig, the only thing I'd add to what Sheridan said is that we've talked about other products, refined products, in particular, terminalling that could make some sense for us. So crude, refined products, LPGs, potentially logistical opportunities serving petrochemicals and refineries, those type of logistical assets could make some sense for us. Certainly, we don't see a lot of them popping up for sales. People covet those assets. But certainly, we're interested in those types of things and particularly bolt-on opportunities. When Sheridan indicated M&A, that's what he's referring to, just when acquiring assets that could make sense. So we're always prospecting through those opportunities, those types of opportunities. So as we think about the LPGs, we think about Mexico, we think about Canada potentially. We're actively pursuing or actually considering or developing opportunities in those spaces. So that's the kind of thing that we're in. And certainly, the export opportunity is something we've been working for years. We like where we are today and we're making progress. And certainly, when we get further down the road or ready to roll that project out, certainly we'll come out. I'd just tell you personally from the export dock standpoint, if we're not announcing something probably in the first half of '19, I'll be disappointed. But again, a lot of things have to happen in order for that to be successful.
Craig Shere: I appreciate all the color. It certainly sounds like a full plate.
Operator: Our final question will come from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Just one very small follow-up. In your responses to Christine about the inventory levels and sort of the changes in value and so forth, is it fair to conclude that with NGL prices rising something like 20% or 25% from, let' say, June 30 to September 30, that, that's part of the remeasurement upwards as well also you're just booking something at a higher cost that's come in?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. So I think that's the way you look at it.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. So you can have a scenario where the actual volume of inventories goes down, but the value booked on the balance sheet goes up because of the price basically, that's a potential outcome?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Just as you work through that and work that off, then yes, you could see some changes.
Operator: At this time, I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Ziola for closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until we release earnings in late February. We'll provide details for the conference call at a later date. Thank you all for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Ziola - IR Terry Spencer - President and CEO Walt Hulse - EVP and CFO Kevin Burdick - EVP and COO Sheridan Swords - SVP, Natural Gas Liquids Chuck Kelley - SVP, Natural Gas
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Christine Cho - Barclays Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan Dennis Coleman - Bank of America Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 ONEOK Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Brad, and good morning. And welcome to ONEOKs second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be made available. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions, should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. On today's call, we'll discuss ONEOKs second quarter financial and operational performance, our updated financial guidance included in yesterday's earnings announcement and share our progress on our more than $4 billion of capital growth projects. As we noted in our release yesterday, the high level of productivity continues in the basins where we operate. Our consistent volume growth underscores the strong performance of our supply customers across our asset footprint.  And while NGL pricing spreads and optimization are noteworthy, the fact is our core business, the fee based services we provide for both natural gas and natural gas liquids customers continues to expand with incremental volume growth across our system and is the largest contributor to our earnings growth this year. And we are well positioned for additional volume growth through incremental investments at attractive returns. Our long term strategy remains focused on expanding our integrated assets through capital growth projects and strategic acquisitions that fit within our footprint and provides sustainable long-term fee based earnings. Yesterday, we completed the acquisition of Martin Midstreams 20% interest in the West Texas LPG pipeline. With that acquisition, ONEOK became the sole owner of West Texas LPG, a strategic step in our broader Permian Basin strategy and further positioning us for expansion opportunities, some of which are in the late stages of negotiations. Construction on our organic growth projects is progressing as planned and Kevin will provide more detail on those projects in a moment. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOKs second quarter operating income totaled nearly $450 million, a 40% increase year-over-year and a 7% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $602 million, a 30% increase year-over-year and a 6% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. During the second quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.795 and last week, we announced another 4% increase to $0.825 per share or $3.30 per share on an annualized basis, in line with our previous guidance. The dividend is payable on August 14. At June 30, our debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.4 times and 3.66 times on a GAAP trailing 12-month basis. We generated more than $160 million [Later changed by the Company to $126 million] of distributable cash flow in excess of our dividends paid in the second quarter, a 9% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. Total distributable cash flow in the quarter was more than $450 million, with healthy dividend coverage of nearly 1.4 times.  We have proactively managed our future debt maturities and liquidity with our $1.25 billion senior notes offering completed in July. Proceeds from the offering were used to repay short-term borrowings and together with excess distributable cash flow will fund our upcoming debt maturity and help fund our capital growth expenditures. As of today, we have approximately $900 million in cash and $2.5 billion available on our credit facility. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and significant liquidity as we construct our capital growth projects. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we increased our net income and adjusted EBITDA financial guidance midpoint expectations and narrowed our financial guidance ranges. The midpoint of our net income guidance increased $30 million to 1.09 billion and our adjusted EBITDA midpoint increased $35 million to 2.35 billion. These guidance increases are primarily driven by expected continued volume growth and our NGL optimization and marketing results. If the optimization spreads maintain at these levels and no severe weather occurs in the fourth quarter, we could easily be at the high end of our guidance range. Ill now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our businesses.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Starting with the performance of our natural gas liquids segment, NGL volumes gathered in the second quarter averaged 903,000 barrels per day, a 12% increase compared with the second quarter 2017 and a 6% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. Volume growth remained strong, as we have averaged more than 930,000 barrels per day in July. Two new third-party natural gas processing plants were connected in the STACK and SCOOP areas in the second quarter where strong producer results and increased ethane recovery continue to drive higher volumes.  Mid-Continent gathered volumes averaged 569,000 barrels per day during the quarter, an 8% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. Our Bakken NGL Pipeline remains full and we began railing NGLs out of the region during the quarter. We expect to be able to rail up to 30,000 barrels per day to provide interim takeaway capacity until the Elk Creek pipeline is in service. NGL volumes fractionated averaged 696,000 barrels per day during the second quarter, a 12% increase compared with the same period last year. We expect to be toward the high end of our guidance range of 650,000 to 725,000 barrels per day fractionated in 2018.  As total NGL volumes increased across our system, ethane volumes are also increasing. We had approximately 60,000 barrels per day of additional ethane on our system in the second quarter compared with the same period in 2017. The increase has continued in July with more than 70,000 barrels per day of additional ethane on our system compared with the same month last year. With a strong volume growth across our system, pipeline utilization has increased, which has led to a higher than anticipated location price differential for ethane priced in Conway.  This price differential is causing Conway priced ethane to remain in rejection. Even without the Conway priced ethane being recovered, we are well on our way to achieving our volume targets. We continue to expect ethane production across our system to increase during the second half of this year, as petrochemical companies complete expansion projects and exports increase. Last week, the startup of another Gulf Coast ethane cracker was announced, which is approximately 90,000 barrels per day of additional demand and we expect several additional petrochemical facilities to come online by the second quarter 2019, totaling more than 200,000 barrels per day of new ethane demand. Optimization and marketing activities in the second quarter also contributed to the segments higher adjusted EBITDA, with increases of $23 million compared with the first quarter 2018 and nearly $50 million compared with the second quarter 2017. Wider location price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu and the sale of NGL inventory previously held contributed to the increases. We continue to expect transportation capacity from Conway to Mont Belvieu will remain highly utilized due to growing NGL volumes, which we expect will sustain current spreads until Arbuckle II is placed in service. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Adjusted EBITDA for the segment increased 30% compared with the second quarter 2017 and increased 28% compared with the first quarter 2018, driven by volume growth in the Williston Basin and the STACK and SCOOP areas. Producer activity across our dedicated acreage remains strong. Second quarter natural gas volumes processed averaged nearly 1.8 billion cubic feet per day, a 17% increase compared with the second quarter 2017 and a 3% increase compared with the first quarter 2018.  During the second quarter, ONEOKs natural gas volumes processed in the Rocky Mountain region averaged 932 million cubic feet per day, more than 100 million cubic feet per day higher than the same period in 2017 and a 5% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. We connected 210 wells in the Williston Basin and 26 wells in the Mid-Continent during the second quarter. We now expect well connects to total approximately 680 for the year, with 550 well connections expected in the Williston Basin and the remainder in the Mid-Continent.  We have approximately 60 million cubic feet per day of available processing capacity and well add an additional 200 million cubic feet per day of capacity in Oklahoma in the fourth quarter of this year, with the expected completion of our Canadian Valley plant expansion, which remains on schedule. In the Williston Basin, we have approximately 125 million cubic feet per day of available processing capacity, including the recently completed expansion of our Bear Creek plant, which increased its capacity to 130 million cubic feet per day from 80 million.  We continue to look at additional plant and compression and expansion opportunities in the basin in addition to our 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake plant that is under construction and expect it to be complete in the fourth quarter 2019. The segments average fee rate increased to $0.89 per MMBtu in the second quarter 2018, above our original guidance of $0.80. Higher fees have been driven by greater than expected volume growth in the Williston Basin and higher volumes on contracts that have higher fees. We now expect our average fee rate to be in the range of $0.85 to $0.90 for 2018. In the natural gas pipeline segment, second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 6% year-over-year, benefiting from higher interruptible transportation volumes and decreased 9% compared with the first quarter 2018, primarily due to normal seasonality. In June, we announced four expansion projects to provide additional takeaway capacity in the Permian Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas by up to a total of 1.7 billion cubic feet per day.  The projects include an expansion of ONEOKs WesTex Transmission system from the Permian Basin to the Texas Panhandle; a project to make Roadrunner Gas Transmission bidirectional to transport natural gas from the Delaware Basin to additional markets at Waha, and both westbound and eastbound expansions of ONEOKs gas transportation system in Oklahoma to accommodate growing volumes from the STACK and SCOOP areas. These capital efficient expansions will quickly create critical takeaway capacity and offer additional optionality for natural gas producers and processors in these areas. The open seasons have concluded on the WesTex, Roadrunner and ONEOK gas transportation westbound projects. We've received strong interest on the projects and well provide the results once all bids have been analyzed and contracts finalized. Now, a quick update on our growth projects, starting with Elk Creek. We have begun construction on the southern portion from the Powder River Basin area to the Mid-Continent and we continue to expect this section to be completed as early as the third quarter 2019, which should help alleviate some capacity constraints in the Williston Basin before the entire line is in service. We expect the entire project will be complete by the end of 2019. We've also contracted an additional 20,000 barrels per day on Elk Creek since our last call, bringing the total contracted volume to approximately 140,000 barrels per day. We are currently buying right away [ph] for Arbuckle II and remain on schedule for that project, which is expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2020. We've contracted an additional 30,000 barrels per day on Arbuckle II, bringing our total contracted volume to approximately 290,000 barrels per day. Site work has begun on our 125,000 barrel per day MB-4 fractionator and we remain on schedule for this facility to be complete in the first quarter of 2020. We remain on schedule to complete our 110,000 barrel per day extension of our now wholly-owned West Texas LPG pipeline in the third quarter and we are in late stage negotiations with several producers and processors in the region for additional expansions. As those deals are finalized, we will announce them. Lastly, the 60,000 barrel per day expansion of our Sterling III pipeline is also on schedule and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter 2018, which will provide additional capacity for growing Mid-Continent volumes. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. These calls are a great way to discuss operational performance and earnings results, but they don't always allow time to discuss the many other valuable and business enhancing initiatives happening at ONEOK. Whether it's implementing new technology to help our employees stay safe, volunteering time in our communities, improving pipeline safety monitoring or protecting the environment, our employees are doing great things for our business and for the communities where we live and work. So thank you to our employees for all of your efforts.  Within the next month, we'll be publishing our 10th Annual Sustainability and ESG Report, which will highlight these initiatives and many others. I encourage everyone to review the report. To all of our investors, thank you for your continued support of ONEOK, our operations and our strategy for growth. So with that, were now ready for questions operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: My first question, I was wondering if we can talk about kind of the drivers related to guidance. You tightened up the low end of the guidance range and so forth, but I was wondering if you can talk about the higher end of the guidance range? What we would need to see to be able to hit the higher end? Is there some specific drivers that you think that are likely to happen? Are there some macro events that we should be thinking about? Any color around hitting the higher end would be appreciated. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Sure. Shneur, as Walt indicated in his comments, he mentioned that optimization margins, going forward, if they stay about where they are, we could see hitting the high end of the guidance pretty easily, particularly also if we see some -- a little bit less severe weather than we've typically planned in our G&P segment. So, certainly optimization spreads, as we've proven, are very difficult to forecast with any degree of certainty. We really don't see anything fundamentally that could -- that will change or compress these spread, but certainly weve factored in some cushion in our current guidance. But again, let me reiterate, if we see these optimization spreads kind of stay in this $0.20 a gallon range throughout the end of the year, we can see some upside, particularly in this NGL business. Certainly, the high end of guidance is very achievable, if that happens.
Shneur Gershuni: So to clarify, kind of the midpoint of your guidance does not assume that the spreads that we're seeing maintain themselves, but if they do and you're not forecasting one way or another, then you would definitely be able to hit the high end. Is that a fair paraphrase?
Terry Spencer: That's right on.
Shneur Gershuni: All right. Perfect. And a follow-up question, just wanted to dig in on Mid-Con volumes a little bit and I think you guys kind of touched on it in pieces in your prepared remarks, but is it a scenario where ethane is backing up the gas pipelines, the Permian with what it's doing is sort of backing up the entire system, are there de-bottlenecking issues that just sort of need to be taken care of and we can see an upside opportunity for Mid-Con volumes, as [indiscernible] are worked out. I was just wondering if you can sort of talk about kind of the steps and where we are with that.
Kevin Burdick: Hey, Shneur. This is Kevin. No, we don't see bottlenecks from a standpoint of the ethane that's being left in, creating residue issues. Our producers, from what we hear, both are, on our G&P side and overall producers from an NGL standpoint, continue to have great results. We haven't seen them back off at all and we definitely expect those volumes to increase as we move through the rest of this year and into 19.
Shneur Gershuni: So is it fair to say the Mid-Con is kind of a timing issue right now?
Kevin Burdick: For our G&P business, yeah, a lot of timing and then the slight reduction in the well count in well connects that we put out there is just really, maybe slightly less than one rig and some timing is all that drives that, but no, still feel good about where we're at from a volume perspective.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: I was wondering if we can get an update on the utilization levels on Sterling and Arbuckle and if you could provide some insight into which products you're optimizing the most at the moment?
Terry Spencer: So, we'll turn that question over to Sheridan.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. Right now, in the Sterling pipeline, we're still in that 80% to 90% utilized range, even though we had a bit more volume in the second quarter than we did in the first quarter. And then on the Arbuckle pipeline, we're in the 85% to 90% range and we were moving all of the Y grade [ph] we can out of the Mid-Continent on Arbuckle at this time.
Christine Cho: Okay. And which NGL product are you optimizing the most at the moment?
Sheridan Swords: Ethane and propane are the ones were optimizing the most and that's just really driven by the fact that those are the two products that we have the most on our system. So, we're still optimizing butane as well, because it has a very nice spread, but we just don't have as much butane as we have ethane and propane.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then I noticed that you guys took out the language that ethane rejection is expected to decrease to 70,000 barrels per day by year end. With Conway ethane frac spreads expected to be negative and the producers that are priced off Conway expected to continue to reject ethane, what do you expect your ethane rejection exit rate to be now?
Kevin Burdick: I think, Christine, this is Kevin. I mean, we  clearly, we're not going to -- we won't be at the 70,000 barrels per day but  of rejection at the end of the year, with Conway still being rejected, but I think the key there is that ethane that's not coming on is giving us the space for the optimization and will more than make up the value, if you will, that wouldn't come from the Conway barrels that would be recovered, will more than make up for that with optimization. So that's kind of where we sit today with these widespreads, no, we don't expect that to come out by the end of the year, but we're going to more than make it up with the optimization.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then one more if I could. Can you give us an idea of how much your Mid-Con contracts are priced off Conway versus Belvieu? And then if -- and then are all the Bakken contracts priced off of Belvieu?
Terry Spencer: We won't give that much breakdown, but at the macro level, all the contracts, you're probably 60-40 Belvieu to Conway.
Christine Cho: 60-40 Belvieu-Conway. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hey, good morning, everybody. Just wanted to clarify or get confirmation. The incremental contracting you did on Elk Creek. Thats coming from Bakken, producers of Bakken volumes. And sort of the follow-up question to that is, do you have any update on the potential to add either DJ volumes or even potentially Western Canadian volumes to Elk Creek?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah. Michael, its Kevin. The 20,000 barrels a day is coming out of the Bakken. I mean, that's I think primarily coming out of the Bakken, maybe a little bit out of the Powder. But in -- and discussions continue to go well up there. I mean, you're seeing a lot of growth across all the G&P companies in the Williston, as producers continue to have great success in the Williston and we've seen a lot of activity in the Powder as well and the DJ. So, a lot of conversations going on with producers about additional volume. Sheridan?
Sheridan Swords: The one thing I would add is, we talk to the contract that weve already  the people we've already contracted with, their ramp-up schedules have been moving forward, so we think that we will ramp up to our contracted volume quicker than we originally thought.
Michael Blum: And then kind of a minor issue I guess, but just more curious on the dynamics. The North System, is there anything out of the ordinary going on there, given the delays with Mariner East II getting into service and who theyre servicing [Technical Difficulty] over there? Thanks.
Terry Spencer: Shifting on the North System that's been affected by Mariner East or what's going on there, I mean, the North system was down in the second quarter versus the first [ph] quarter, but that's more seasonality that we see every year. We still do receive volume into the Conway off of rail out of the Marcellus and that's probably driven by the Mariner East issues, but weve been receiving those for quite some time. But I don't think it's enough to really affect the North-South spread or affect anything on the North System.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto: Hey, good morning. So what are some of the benefits that you guys see with the full ownership of West Texas LPG versus only owning 80%? Is it just the ability to deploy more capital?
Terry Spencer: Well, so, Elvira, one of the key things to make note of with -- when you have a partner and particularly if that partner is trying to monetize and create liquidity, you could wind up with a partner that doesn't necessarily fit with us. So, you have some risk there. So we've taken that risk off the table, but I think probably the most important thing is the ability to freely integrate that pipeline system in with our existing NGL business.  When you've got a partner that's got a 50-50 vote, which is basically how it the JV was structured, long ago when Chevron owned it, you've got -- you want to be on the same page obviously and so the thing that -- the risk that you  the risk that you run is that you can't -- you don't -- you're not perfectly aligned, if you've got somebody else involved and as a result, you may not be able to do all the things you want to do with that pipeline asset. So by taking out Martin, we clean that up and now we own it 100% and now we can more effectively, without risk, integrate that business and take advantage of all these synergies that that asset has with our existing business and existing assets. Did that help you?
Elvira Scotto: Yes, very helpful. Thanks. And then in your -- you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you were looking at expanding your integrated footprint through organic growth projects and strategic M&A. So, can you maybe talk about your appetite for larger scale M&A and what sorts of assets youd consider to expand your integrated footprint, is it more downstream sort of export type capacity?
Terry Spencer: Well, first of all, from an M&A perspective, certainly, we're very -- we remain very interested in M&A, but I think what you saw with the West Texas pipeline acquisition, I mean, that's a perfect example of what we're really interested in. Certainly, as we think about acquisitions and acquisitions from a more strategic standpoint, if they simply don't fit very well or have a real compelling strategic logic, we're not going to be very interested in it. So that's how we think about it. I think broadly speaking, in terms of the types of assets again that we -- that we're interested in, certainly, downstream assets, particularly as it relates to terminal and storage, transportation of liquid products that don't have to be NGL, it could be crude oil, could be refined products, could be petrochemical products. That infrastructure as well as long haul crude oil transportation up -- further upstream could certainly make a lot of sense and we've been very vocal about that over the past couple of years, but then just candidly what I'll tell you is those assets, people don't want to let go of very often, so the opportunity from an acquisition perspective sometimes is limited as well as -- theres certainly quality fee based assets that everybody wants, including us.
Elvira Scotto: Great. All right. Thanks a lot.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: Thank you and good morning. Guys, [indiscernible] gathering fee being as strong as it has been for the first six months of the year, is it fair to say that the new guidance number that you provided, I think it was $0.85 to $0.90. Should that be something that we should carry over into 2019 as well?
Chuck Kelley: Yeah. This is Chuck. I would say that in 19, you'd probably see similar range on our fees as we move forward with the mix of volumes coming out of the Bakken, primarily driving that.
Danilo Juvane: Got you. And I guess switching gears, I noticed that you're still stating, no equity needs well into 2019. Does that change at all, just given how strong youve performed so far this year and of course you do speak about having additional opportunities next year, do you see a need of potentially issuing equity at some point in 19.
Walt Hulse: This is Walt. We obviously have experienced strong cash flows, which is helpful, because we get to reinvest that back into the business and that helps us from a debt capacity standpoint as well. So we don't see anything today with what we have on the table that would change our view that we want to issue equity in 2018 or well into 2019, if at all in 2019. Now that said, we are seeing opportunities for growth projects that are on the horizon and if they come sooner as opposed to later, we have to leave that door open, if we need to manage the balance sheet. We think the investment grade credit rating is incredibly important and we're going to do what we need to do to protect that, but as those move out further on the timeline and these pipelines start cash flowing the way they will, we continue to expect to de-lever very quickly 2020 and beyond.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks, Walt. Last question from me, you mentioned in the press release some impact to NGL segment earnings from the timing of unfracked NGL volumes, should we be expecting a positive impact over the next couple of quarters from that dynamic?
Terry Spencer: I mean, when we think about the frac volume, yeah, we did put some raw feed and inventory in the second quarter. We expect that will get fracked off over the rest of the year, so we should be -- you should see that come over the next couple of quarters. 
Danilo Juvane: Any estimates as to what the EBITDA impact would be from that?
Walt Hulse: Probably in that -- it would be in the $10 million to $20 million range.
Danilo Juvane: That's it from me. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning. Thanks. I think you guys kind of touched on a couple of different times here with regards to guidance, but just kind of bringing it all back together as far as what kind of the main drivers were to the guidance increase, raising it here, was it just kind of strong first half is in the books at this point or now you kind of assume spread duration is going to remain at higher and better levels for longer duration in the back half of the year. And just want to confirm West Texas LPG acquisition is not in the -- not factoring in here as you guys already consolidated that, are there any other items that you'd say, if you kind of rank order, what was the biggest components to the increase in guidance here?
Terry Spencer: Well, Jeremy, I think you're right on in the comments you made, but the biggest mover certainly is optimization. Now, we do very typically, as I mentioned and Walt mentioned in his remarks, as we do factor in some weather degradation later in the year, if that and you know that weather can be severe, if it's not as severe as we've got factored in, we could certainly see some pretty significant benefits to our G&P segment, as we move through the fourth quarter. But the biggest mover is the optimization. And again as I said earlier, it's difficult to predict these spreads with any degree of certainty, but what I will tell you is everything that we're looking at today is leaning toward pretty consistent scenario where we see wide spreads for an extended period of time.
Jeremy Tonet : That's helpful. Thanks. And then just going back to the 30 less well connects in Mid-Con you were talking about, it seems like it's kind of timing related I think. But just wondering if you could share kind of what areas this is, if this is a STACK, SCOOP or kind of legacy areas? 
Terry Spencer: No. It's pretty much just in general. And again, that's back to, rigs move around a little bit on our acreage and it's not that we're seeing any degradation overall in the STACK and SCOOP. It's just, maybe less than one rig that's been on our acreage versus somebody else and a little bit of timing, that's all thats driven there. There is no structural or fundamental change in our outlook of how were viewing the STACK and SCOOP.
Jeremy Tonet: Thats very helpful. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dennis Coleman with Bank of America.
Dennis Coleman: Yes. Hi. Good morning. A lot has been asked, so just a couple of detailed ones from me if you would please. There's a footnote that says you may bring Elk Creek on the Southern in the third quarter and the whole thing on in the fourth quarter. Any meaningful earnings impact from that that we might expect to model in? 
Walt Hulse: The earnings impact would be, like we've said, we're using rail as a bridge to provide our customers those -- that service as it relates to their growing volumes in advance of the pipeline capacity. So -- one way to think about it is, as we move barrels, if we get that Southern section done, we're able to move barrels from the Powder River Basin over to that pipe and start collecting the full pipeline fee rather than the rail -- and not have to pay the rail cost, so that would be the uplift we would get. That's the way we're thinking about it and we haven't really talked about 19 guidance yet, but clearly, as we get closer and we do that, that will be considered as we provide that guidance.
Dennis Coleman: Perfect. Okay. And then obviously strong results here and potential for higher guidance, does that change anything about when you think you will become a cash tax payer?
Walt Hulse: No. We still have a -- as we've guided in the past, we wont be paying taxes through at least 2021 or beyond. It will be some point further out than that and that hasn't changed.
Dennis Coleman : Okay. Thats it from me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: [indiscernible] but just a little confused on the last answer to Jeremys question on guidance. Youre assuming some discount to recent spreads from Conway to Mont Belvieu on the optimization into the second half, right?
A Terry Spencer: That's correct. Some degradation in the spreads going forward through the third and fourth quarter.
Craig Shere : Okay. And so -- and to your point, if we just stay flat from where we've recently been, youll hit the upside of guidance? 
A Terry Spencer: You got it. 
Craig Shere : Okay. And then Kevin, on the additional 20,000 a day for Elk Creek and 30,000 for Arbuckle, any thoughts about how quickly that will ramp? I know Sheridan kind of mentioned that up in the Bakken, producer activity plan seem to suggest a quicker ramp than you guys had shared on the last call for your legacy contracts.
Kevin Burdick: I don't -- I mean, yeah, we continue to get good information or positive information from our producers about the volumes being stronger. That has translated into additional contracts and a little bit steeper ramp, but we would still expect it, the volumes are going to ramp over a year or two, as we move through these projects and once they come online.
Craig Shere: Okay. And any thoughts about what next in the Permian besides the West Texas LPG expansion.
Kevin Burdick: As we think, we've got a lot of visibility to volume growth. And when you look at what's going on out there, I mean, clearly, the Permian with the number of rigs and the growth expectations on the liquids side, we have a lot of targets out there and again are in late stage negotiations with several of them. So, we would look to continue to expand and loop West Texas all the way from the Permian to where it connects with Arbuckle II and now that we wholly own it, well be able to integrate eventually that pipe into Arbuckle II and achieve some significant capital savings by leveraging the Arbuckle II pipeline and the capacity there versus laying another line that's part of West Texas LPG.
Craig Shere : Okay. So it's just maximizing what youve got, nothing on the crude side or any other ideas there?
Kevin Burdick: So Craig, we're always thinking about the crude business, we're always thinking about the potential to take existing assets and repurpose them to crude and vice versa. So, we're always thinking about those things. I would never rule out the opportunity, particularly in a basin where crude is being produced as prolifically as it is. We're certainly always thinking about it and in particular in the Permian.
Craig Shere: Okay. And last question, a bit of a follow-up to Elviras M&A question. She referenced export possibilities. I know that Terry, you've kind of commented in the past, you wouldnt mind moving into LPG exports. Any kind of update on the market there, your thoughts?
Terry Spencer: Well, we continue to aggressively pursue export terminalling opportunities, that has never stopped. We like the prospects that are in front of us today. Our commercial teams are working very hard and looking at a lot of options. We're talking to a lot of international markets that were spending a lot of time hopping across the pond, speaking with potential customers and potential partners in the project such as an export terminal. So very high on our list and certainly a business or an activity that makes a lot of sense for us.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over back to Mr. Andrew Ziola.
Andrew Ziola : Well, thank you, everyone. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extends until we release earnings in late October. We'll provide details on the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Ziola - VP, IR and Corporate Communications Terry Spencer - President and CEO Walt Hulse - CFO, EVP, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Kevin Burdick - EVP and COO Sheridan Swords - SVP, Natural Gas Liquids Chuck Kelley - SVP, Natural Gas
Analysts: Eric Genco - Citi Shneur Gershuni - UBS Christine Cho - Barclays Praneeth Satish - Wells Fargo Brian Zarahn - Mizuho Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Rebecca Followill - U.S Capital Advisors Ethan Bellamy - Baird
Operator: Good day and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 ONEOK Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Mindy, and good morning. And welcome to ONEOKs first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be made available. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions, should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on todays call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. On this call, we will focus on our first quarter financial results and operating performance and provide our perspective about the recent FERC announcements related to natural gas and NGL pipelines. But before we dive in, Id like to start where we left off on our fourth quarter call, which is our $4 billion plus of announced organic growth projects. As you may recall, I was clear that the next couple of years will be about executing on these growth projects, and were making good progress so far. On the natural gas liquids side, we continue to work with landowners, state and local agencies and other stakeholders along the pipeline routes for Elk Creek and Arbuckle II, and we expect to begin construction later this year on both projects. Within the last couple of weeks, pipe for Elk Creek started being delivered, a big step closer to actual construction. We plan to start construction with the southern part of Elk Creek first in the third quarter as this action would allow barrels from the Powder River Basin to flow on Elk Creek before the entire line is complete, which could free up capacity on the Bakken NGL Pipeline for additional barrels from the Williston Basin. The southern section would be in service as early as the third quarter of 2019. Additionally, our MB-4 fractionator is permitted and we expect construction to begin this month. On the natural gas gathering and processing side, expansions of our Canadian Valley and Bear Creek plants and construction of the Demicks Lake plant are progressing on schedule. Kevin will discuss these projects in more detail shortly. Increased ethane recovery and Mid-Continent volume growth remained key drivers of our 2018 guidance. And so far this year, weve seen both. STACK and SCOOP of volumes on our system continue to meet or exceed our expectations, and demand for ethane continues to ramp up with additional ethane crackers coming on line this quarter. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOKs first quarter operating income totaled nearly $420 million, a 30% increase year-over-year and a 6% increase compared with the fourth quarter 2017. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $570 million, a 24% increase year-over-year and a 4% increase compared with fourth quarter 2017. During the first quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.77 per share and in April announced another 3% increase to $0.795 per share or $3.18 per share on an annualized basis, which is payable on May 15th. We generated more than $115 million of distributable cash flow in excess of our dividends paid in the first quarter. Total distributable cash flow in the quarter was more than $430 million, with healthy dividend coverage of nearly 1.4 times. In January, we successfully completed a $1.2 billion equity offering, pre-funding a significant portion of our more than $4 billion capital growth program. At March 31, our debt-to-EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis was 3.8 times. On an annualized run-rate basis, we are 3.5 times. As we said previously, we expect our leverage to increase modestly as we move through the construction cycle on the larger capital growth projects weve announced this year. But we continue to view leverage of 4 times or less as an important target for ONEOK over the long term. We expect to fund our capital growth projects through excess cash flow from operations and ample borrowing capacity while maintaining our strong credit metrics. We ended the quarter with no outstanding commercial paper and nearly the full $2.5 billion available on our credit facility. Since December 31, weve decreased total debt outstanding by $1 billion. ONEOKs strong liquidity offers us financial flexibility and the ability to repay current debt maturities with cash from operations and short-term debt or to opportunistically access the long-term debt markets. We are maintaining our financial guidance expectations for 2018 and continue to expect no need to issue equity in 2018 and well into 2019, if at all. Before I turn the call over to Kevin for an operational update, lets briefly discuss the March FERC announcements and potential impact to ONEOK. First, related to interstate natural gas transportation pipelines, which represent only slightly more than 5% of our total 2018 adjusted EBITDA. A couple of key points. Most of ONEOKs natural gas pipeline demand charge contracts have been established through shipper-specific negotiated rates and settlements and are not based on cost of service calculations. Additionally, as a corporation, ONEOK is a taxable entity. So, any taxable allowance adjustments on cost of service rates would reflect an adjustment to the newer lower corporate tax rate, not an elimination of the tax allowance. From a regulatory timeline perspective, we do have a couple of interstate pipelines with upcoming rate cases, including Viking, which is required as part of its previously negotiated rate settlement to put in place new rates by January of 2020. Midwestern, which is currently undergoing a routine FERC-initiated Section 5 rate review, with any changes in rates being prospective only. Guardian has negotiated rates for virtually all of its firm capacity through 2022. And Northern Border Pipeline recently implemented new FERC approved settlement rates. We do not expect the ultimate outcome of any of these matters to materially impact our financial results. Moving on to FERC regulated natural gas liquids pipelines. There is still quite a bit of uncertainty as to how changes related to tax policy may be applied or what adjustments may be made related to indexing during FERCs next five-year review. Weve taken a close look at our NGL pipelines that could potentially see some impact from indexing adjustments. A key item to understand about ONEOK is that the vast majority of volumes transported on our NGL pipelines are at negotiated rates, which we expect would see very little impact from a change in indexing. We expect that a 100 basis-point change to the FERC index rate would have an annualized impact to ONEOKs revenue of less than $2.5 million. We feel this hypothetical provides a good look at what could happen in a downside scenario. And we expect the impact will be immaterial. Ill now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our business segments.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Starting with the performance of our natural gas liquids segment. First quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 23% year-over-year and 11% compared with the fourth quarter 2017. NGL volumes gathered in the first quarter averaged 855,000 barrels per day, a 12% increase compared with the first quarter 2017 volumes and relatively flat compared with the fourth quarter 2017. Year-over-year growth was primarily driven by increased volumes in the STACK and SCOOP areas of the Mid-Continent, a trend that we expect to continue throughout 2018. Winter weather impacted first quarter volumes relative to the fourth quarter, but weve since seen volumes pick up in April. Volumes on our West Texas LPG system reached more than 200,000 barrels per day on several occasions in April, and system-wide NGL gathered volumes reached more than 900,000 barrels per day on multiple days during the month. NGL volumes in the Mid-Continent are materializing at or above our expectations at this point in the year, driven by strong producer results in the STACK and the SCOOP. In the Williston Basin, our Bakken NGL Pipeline remains full, and we continue to expect to begin transporting additional NGL volumes by rail in the second quarter 2018 to provide interim takeaway capacity until Elk Creek is in service. NGL volumes fractionated averaged more than 690,000 barrels per day during the first quarter, a 21% increase compared with the same period last year and a 2% increase compared with last quarter. Ethane volumes on our system have increased approximately 50,000 barrels per day in the first quarter 2018 compared with the same period in 2017. Our reported ethane rejection levels may look relatively unchanged year-over-year. However, this comparison is affected by our 12% increase in NGL volumes gathered since the first quarter 2017. A portion of this increased volume is attributable to ethane recovery. We are seeing increased demand from newly operational petrochemical facilities and exports, and we expect demand to continue to ramp up through the remainder of the year as recently completed crackers operate at full rates and additional facilities are completed later in the year. Higher optimization and marketing activities in the first quarter also contributed to the segments adjusted EBITDA increases, resulting in approximately $25 million increases, both year-over-year and sequential quarter-over-quarter. Wider NGL location price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu and the sale of NGL inventory previously held contributed to the increases. We expect wider spreads between Conway and Mont Belvieu to continue until our Arbuckle II goes into service as growing volumes from new production consume available transportation capacity between the two market centers. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Adjusted EBITDA for the segment increased 26% year-over-year, driven by volume growth in the Williston Basin and the STACK and SCOOP areas. Adjusted EBITDA decreased approximately 9% compared with the fourth quarter 2017 due primarily to higher third-party processing costs, weather impacts in both of our regions, and temporary system constraints in Oklahoma due to the volume growth. These higher weather-related costs were isolated and are not expected to continue. A key metric for the quarter was our volume growth. Average natural gas volumes processed in the first quarter 2018 were more than 1.7 billion cubic feet per day, a 24% increase compared with the first quarter 2017 and a 3% increase compared with the fourth quarter 2017. Volume growth compared with the fourth quarter was primarily driven by increased STACK and SCOOP volumes, where processed volume averaged 845 million cubic feet per day during the quarter, a more than 6% increase from the fourth quarter and our highest volumes processed to-date in the Mid-Continent. We connected 112 wells in the Williston Basin and 35 wells in the Mid-Continent during the first quarter. We continue to expect approximately 650 total well connections in 2018. We have approximately 75 million cubic feet per day of available processing capacity in Oklahoma, including the 200 million cubic feet per day offload that is fully in service. And we will add an additional 200 million cubic feet per day of capacity in the fourth quarter 2018 with the completion of our Canadian Valley plant expansion. Available processing capacity in the Williston Basin is approximately 125 million cubic feet per day currently, but this will be reduced with the return of warmer weather and additional well connections. Were in the process of expanding our Bear Creek plant and related infrastructure, and expect the initial expansion to 130 million cubic feet per day from 80 million cubic feet per day to be complete in the third quarter of 2018. This expansion will require no additional capital at the plant and minimal capital for additional field compression. Additionally, our 200 million cubic feet per day Demicks Lake plant is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter 2019. In the natural gas pipelines segment, first quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 13% year-over-year and 6% compared with the fourth quarter 2017, primarily benefiting from higher interruptible transportation volumes and increased storage services. The segment this month completed its 100 million cubic feet per day westbound expansion of our ONEOK Gas Transportation system, and we continue to have discussions with producers in the Permian Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas to accommodate additional natural gas takeaway capacity, given the strong growth expectations in those plays. As for the general market conditions, producer activity across our operating footprint remains strong. In the Williston Basin, our customers continue to experience production increases resulting from drilling and completion improvements, which is causing more of the play to have strong economics, specifically further south and west in McKenzie County and further north in Williams County. ONEOK has substantial acreage dedications in both of these counties. In the STACK and SCOOP areas, its a similar story. Producers continue to test various drilling and completion techniques and different formations to determine what provides the best results. The volumes were seeing on our system so far this year from the STACK and SCOOP areas are extremely positive and have met or exceeded our expectations at this point. This continued activity gives us confidence in our volume growth outlook across our operations. Terry already touched on our growth projects and construction progress. But in addition, we continue active discussions with producers and processors for additional commitments on our announced projects. Weve contracted an additional 40,000 barrels per day on our Arbuckle II, a 20% increase in contracted volumes since the project was announced in February. Weve also seen a 20% increase of committed volumes on Elk Creek since it was announced, with more than 120,000 barrels per day now contracted. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin for that really good and thorough update. Before we take your questions, I think its important to mention the Western Oklahoma wildfires. Although the fires had a minimal impact to our facilities, the fires did affect and caused hardship for several of our employees. Some employees experienced significant damage to their homes, buildings or to their farm and ranch lands. Fortunately, last week, rainfall soaked the region and helped firefighters contain the wildfires, which have charred almost 550 square miles. I want them to know that were thinking about them as they recover and rebuild. Much work lies ahead for those impacted by the fires. And ONEOK is here to help by making resources available to those employees in need of assistance. To our investors, thank you for your continued support of ONEOK. And as always, thank you to our employees for your hard work and continued dedication to operating our assets safely and environmentally responsibly. So, with that, operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Eric Genco with Citi. 
Eric Genco: Good morning, guys. Youve talked in the past about Mid-Con processing each 200, and that plant produces roughly 20,000 to 25,000 barrels a day of NGLs. Can you just remind me whats a decent rule of thumb for the Bakken, even if we were to assume full ethane rejection.
Kevin Burdick: Eric, its Kevin. If you assume full ethane rejection, youre probably talking in that same range.
Eric Genco: Okay. So, Im just think about this now. I was looking back, a year ago, I mean, the Bakken pipeline was basically full a year ago. And if you look at the statewide data February to February, year-over-year, its almost a 400 a day increase -- Mcf a day increase. So, basically, the simple math of that would suggest that there is another 50,000 barrels a day. So, Im just trying to put this in the context. If you need to get to 100,000 a day on Elk Creek, are you basically with what must be being railed out of the basin now? Are you basically half way there with your targeted returns?
Kevin Burdick: First, were not railing today. So, the pipelines been able to run a little above nameplate. So, thats out there. The numbers last year did have some additional -- if you remember, had some additional ethane included in those barrels for our spec due to specification issues downstream. So, weve since been able to back some of that ethane out and replace it with C3 Plus as weve had other additional ethane come on from other parts that are flowing in to the Mid-Continent frac assets. But, where youre going with, as we continue to rail and you look at the available capacity weve got and you look at the Demicks Lake plant that well be adding, the Bear Creek expansion, yes, if you start doing the math on that, we are a long ways down the road as those assets fill up to meet the commitments and to meet the numbers weve provided for Elk Creek.
Eric Genco: I guess, maybe switching a bit. I just want to ask, I know you have the question fairly regular but around ethane and NGL exports more broadly. If you look at your asset portfolio, you are probably the largest player without an export terminal in-house. And recognizing that your molecules can still get the docks today, still potential margin opportunity. How aggressively would you be pursuing in other export terminal? We saw another player announced a JV, someone came in on an ethane terminal? Is that something you are after or could be there what would be a structure for that that might be interesting?
Terry Spencer: Yes. Eric, this is Terry. So, weve been thinking about exports for many years. And so, weve been very actively engaged in developing opportunities. We came real close a few years ago with an opportunity that would have involved the third-party JV partner. It didnt materialize as the economics eroded significantly. We continue to work the exports side. Most likely if we did put an export project together, it probably would involve a potential JV. It could involve existing facilities that are already in place that need to be modified, and it could consist of just a completely grassroots new facility. But we do and continue to remain very interested in having exports -- export capability. Its not absolutely essential that we have it because we have international relationships in markets and market access today. But to your point, its a good solid, fee-based business that would be a nice bolt-on added to our service capabilities. So, yes, we continue to remain highly interested and continue to be very active in that regard.
Operator: We will go next to Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Just maybe to stick on the whole ethane thesis for a bit. There is sort of a broader thesis out there about the Permian tightness for capacity to evacuate natural gas out of the basin, could incentivize more recovery of ethane in the Permian at the expense of other basins. Is that incorporated into your ethane recoveries? You had a bigger number this quarter, but you still got into a lower number. Im just trying to square the circle here.
Kevin Burdick: Shneur, this is Kevin. As we look at ethane recovery, our premisses havent changed. And when we still are confident in the numbers we see coming out, yes, you are seeing some downward pressure on basis, on gas basis in the Permian. But, by and large, we believe the vast majority of ethane is already -- is already being recovered out of the Permian. So, how much incremental ethane can continue to come out? I dont know that -- I dont think that changes our point of view that we are still going to see ethane come out in the Mid-Continent, given the demand we are seeing, weve seen come on line, and the demand we expect to come on line the remainder of the year. Sheridan?
Sheridan Swords: One thing Ill add is were also seeing some pressure on Mid-Con and gas prices as well, which is making ethane to be extracted and Mid-Con very competitive with Permian.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay, fair enough. And then, sort of continuing on the Permian gas theme. Roadrunner, is that an option that you guys can flip or do something with is kind of a response to whats going on in the Permian? 
Terry Spencer: Yes. Were in active discussions with several companies out there to utilize our WesTex system and also the Roadrunner system to potentially move gas bidirectionally. So, connections to potentially move gas to the west to the El Paso and Mexico markets or back to the East, back to the Waha market on Roadrunner. Similarly, with the WesTex intrastate system, lot of conversations of potentially some services around the Waha hub and also looking at bidirectional capabilities to take gas out of Waha back to the north, up to other interstate markets in the Texas Panhandle and Western Oklahoma. So, a lot of activity going on with our commercial team on the gas pipeline side. And obviously as we get some of those inked up and we may make some announcements.
Shneur Gershuni: Lets say you, FID a decision given the various options youre looking at, how long would that actually take to execute?
Terry Spencer: Im sorry. I didnt catch the first part.
Kevin Burdick: How long. These projects are very low capital, very quick timeframes. Were talking weeks or months, not years. This is install some compression, maybe you have to install little piping and were done.
Operator: Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Last time the Belvieu-Conway spread was wide, [ph] you guys had a decent amount of capacity for your proprietary use. Last quarter, you said Sterling was about 60% to 70% utilized. So, I think that leaves 130, 140,000 barrels a day open. Im guessing some of that is expected for the ethane extraction that youre expecting and some of thats for just general growth in Oklahoma production. If ethane rejection doesnt fall from 140,000 to 70,000 barrels per day by year-end, does that mean you essentially have 70,000 barrels per day that you could use for optimization? Just trying to figure out how we should think about the impact of wider spread for you.
Sheridan Swords: I think, youre looking at it right. To the extent that ethane does not come out, that does leave us more opportunity for optimization. Were seeing volume growth today thats probably pushing our Sterling system to the 80 to 90% range. And then, also, one thing we are seeing today is also were moving more wide grade onto the bigger line the Sterling III line if we cant utilize all the capacity. So, we get a little bit of a degradation there. So, there is no doubt. If the ethane doesnt come out, these spreads are staying wide, optimization will more than cover that shortfall.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then, one of your competitors who is currently building a pipeline in Taxes, announced that its also going to be building a line to connect to their plants in the Mid-Con. Should we think that there is a potential for volumes to come off your line in the future, or is this more of an opportunity cost and that volume from their future plants will likely be going down that line?
Terry Spencer: Yes. That pipeline is connected into -- will connect into a plant thats currently on our system. So, we will probably see about 20,000 barrels a day come off our system later this year. But, I think that will be the extent of it. As Kevin mentioned in his statements earlier that weve already contracted more volumes in the Mid-Continent and part of that is in the Arkoma. [ph] So, we did not see that we -- will prevent us from continuing to secure plant commitments in that area.
Christine Cho: And then, do you expect the change in flaring rules in the Bakken to impact you guys at all, on the G&P front?
Kevin Burdick: Christine, its Kevin. No, we dont. Historically, our flaring has been well below the -- has been at or below the state flaring capture targets and weve been below the statewide averages. So, we get to the wells in a timely manner with the capacity we have available right now and the expansions and the new plant we are talking about. We still feel good that we will be able to stay ahead of those targets. And we dont necessarily think the new regulations will have any impact on us. Chuck?
Chuck Kelley: I think, the only thing Id add to that is with flaring rules going from 14 to 60 days for the producer, as Kevin said, we connected these pads and these wells very quickly that extra 46 days, its not even an impact to us because we typically out there tied it already.
Christine Cho: And then, lastly, I basically remember you guys awarding one share to all of your employees every time the stock hits an all-time high. You guys arent that far off from high. The next time this happens, whats the impact on G&A?
Walt Hulse: I dont think weve actually provided that estimate in the past. So, Im not going to provide it now. But Im hoping thats a problem.
Operator: We will go next to Praneeth Satish with Wells Fargo.
Praneeth Satish: Im sure you are aware that ethylene margins have declined. Just curious on your thoughts on this. And whether you see this as just a temporary risk or a longer-term issue?
Terry Spencer: Praneeth, I think broadly, its a temporary issue. And Sheridan can give you some more color.
Sheridan Swords: I think, the big thing you need to look at is -- and you heard other companies say the same thing is if you look at the ethane to polyethylene spreads, they are significantly wider now than they were a year ago. And thats really what these correctors are looking at what the fundamentals are. So, we are still seeing great -- it looks like there is great demand for polyethylene out there. So, I think you are really talking about is temporary phenomenon at this time.
Praneeth Satish: And you have some excess ethylene inventory?
Sheridan Swords: We came in and at the last we heard we came in, the crackers came in with little excess inventory, they just need to get to derivative units ramped up to hit this point out. So, I think you are seeing its going to be cleaned up the next couple of months, the next couple of months to quarters.
Praneeth Satish: And then, can you just talk about where you stand on gas takeaway in the Bakken with respect to BTU limits, so I guess the Northern Border? And then, tied to that question, if we are hitting limits, could we start to see meaningful ethane recovery out of the Bakken on Elk Creek?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. We still feel good about where were at right now with the residue going into Northern Border. We are not seeing any downstream impacts. Now, as we have talked about that, yes, if you continue to push higher BTU content into Northern Border and its displacing dryer Canadian or lower BTU Canadian gas, then you could get to the point where you would see some downstream impacts. But, we dont see that happening in the next couple years. But, thats going to be driven more from the volume growth in the Bakken and what happens there. So, its not an immediate problem and/or opportunity for us, but it is something that were clearly keeping our eye on.
Operator: We will go next to Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Sterling [ph] for Jeremy. On the G&P segment, it appears your average were pretty high this quarter. I understand its a larger than mix shift impact. But curious if you can expand $0.80 is still the right way to look at it.
Chuck Kelley: Going into the quarter, obviously we expected the $0.80 average fee rate to in fact be there. As we went through the quarter and ultimately exited the quarter, yes, our Mid-Continent volumes were up. So, you would expect that fee rate would have declined or bit in the $0.80 range. However, our Bakken fee rate increased due to volume from certain large 100% fee-based contracts. If you recall, we have really several kinds contracts, some 100%, some 100% with a little bit of pop. But, these were large 100% fee-based contracts that ultimately caused the segments overall fee rate to increase to the $0.88 level.
Kevin Burdick: The only thing Id add
Chuck Kelley: I was just going to say, a lot of that is driven by the weather when you think about whats going on in both the Williston and Oklahoma. You have certain areas where you have more wells off-line and did impact different contracts. So, its not uncommon for us to see a little bit of noise related to that fee rate due to the weather impacts.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks. And on your optimization and marketing results, just kind of curious what NGL products youre optimizing during the quarter.
Chuck Kelley: Right now, were seeing EP spreads in the $0.16 range; propane in the $0.15 and normal butane in the $0.18. So, were pumping as much as all that that we can.
Unidentified Analyst: And then, last one for me. G&P segment, I apologize if I missed it. But can you discuss the higher third-party promptings cost and system constraints.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. That was really kind of an isolated phenomenon in the first quarter. As we talked about the 200 million a day third-party, long-term third-party offload we have, as we were transitioning volumes from other third-party offload that we were kind of using the bridge into that, as we worked through the startup process on the long-term offload, we incurred some additional costs as we worked through that transition. Thats really what that was. And similarly, just from other constraints that were going on as we saw the volume growth and as we were trying to move volumes around to ensure that we got it to a processing plant, we had some of that. But we do not expect those costs to continue as we have transitioned to our longer term third-party offload. Its fully in service and is at much more attractive rates.
Unidentified Analyst: So, shouldnt see anything show up in 2Q then?
Kevin Burdick: No.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Zarahn with Mizuho.
Brian Zarahn: You discussed Permian gas takeaway projects that youre evaluating. Any update on potential expansion of your NGL system in the Permian?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. We continue, were in advanced discussions with a couple other producers and processors in there. And so, we are expecting to -- hopefully in the short-term we will have something more to talk about on the West Texas system. But, as we have done in the past, we usually dont announce expansions until we have secured the contracts behind.
Brian Zarahn: In the Permian, I guess, on your projects overall, any impact on higher steel costs?
Kevin Burdick: No. As we have talked before, we had procured and locked in the steel prices for the pipe several months ago actually. So, we are in great shape from a steel perspective.
Brian Zarahn: And then, on financing, if you could elaborate a bit on your expectation, no equity potential in 2019. Is a key driver more, so you have additions to your project backlog or is it more the cash flow ramp and marketing contributions?
Walt Hulse: I think that if we were in a position where we saw an attractive project that we needed to add but then we would have to think a little bit harder about whether some equity was appropriate. But, the reason we put the qualifier at all, as we see the business moving today and the fact that we are starting today 3 and hey, if you annualize the first quarter at 3.5 debt to EBITDA ratio, weve got some pretty good room there for debt capacity going forward as EBITDA expands.
Operator: We will go to Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin: Just the 140,000 barrels a day of ethane rejection across the system, can you give us the split between the Williston and the Mid-Continent?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, its about 50,000 to 70,000 barrels a day in the Williston and about 70,000 to 100,000 barrels a day in Mid-Continent.
Ted Durbin: Okay, got it. I realized that changes based on the process and economic. So, if we think about the Elk Creek, the early Elk Creek expansion youre doing, how much volume can you get out that Bakken pipeline with that early construction you are doing?
Kevin Burdick: I think we can get another 10,000 to 15,000 barrels a day down the pipeline, but also that will release more of the rail volume; it had to go on rail, probably another 15,000 to 20,000 barrels a day that we could increase coming out of Bakken to go out of our rail terminal. So, I think overall that will give us about 25,000 barrels a day, could give us 25,000 barrel a day.
Ted Durbin: And that would be at the same sort of $0.30 economics that you talked about before?
Kevin Burdick: Probably a little bit. We said that when we contracted Elk Creek it was a little bit less than that $0.30 that we have seen before but its going to be in high 20s.
Ted Durbin: And then, just this additional contracting that youve done, both on the Elk Creek and Arbuckle with the additional commitments, is that pushing us closer to the midpoint of the 4 to 6 times build multiple range, close to low-end, how do we think about the returns now with the new commitments?
Kevin Burdick: So, how I think is the turns on the new -- with these new commitments is we will get to the 4 to 6 faster because we will have more of the ramp-up coming quicker. And we will push more towards the lower end if not even lower than the 4 times.
Ted Durbin: Can you quantify the impact of weather this quarter on your volumes and revenues, and I guess by segment if you have it? And then, the impact of the NGL inventory fell, how much did that impact the result?
Kevin Burdick: From a weather standpoint, no were not. We havent necessarily quantified that from -- weve kind of given you where were at in April. And from a G&P perspective, process, volumes. It was normal again. Its not uncommon for our volumes to be slightly off relative to Q4. So, the fact that we were up was a very positive signal from a weather standpoint. And then, on the -- I dont think were going to go down the path of splitting out our optimization or the details of the optimization and marketing from an NGLs held in inventory. 
Operator: Next is Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning and congratulations on continued great execution here. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just picking up on Teds question about the NGL inventory with marketing. To the degree that you arent quantifying it, can we -- do you then need to rebuild, is that a headwind in the future periods, how should we think about that?
Kevin Burdick: I dont view it as a headwind at all. Again, Sheridan talked about the spreads were seeing right now. And a previous question also talked about the capacity we have for optimization. And if ethane shows up, great, but even if it doesnt, with the spreads theres the opportunity we will see an offset there. So thats how I think about it going forward is we do believe the spreads will remain strong. And so you would expect to see that optimization bucket stay strong.
Craig Shere: And you addressed the higher G&P OpEx for the quarter that a lot of that is temporary. I think there was some lower expense in the NGL segment. How should we think about that?
Kevin Burdick: You kind of had a little bit of both in those. If you think about -- I think were trying to get as run rate. In the GMP segment, run rate might be a little lower than what we saw in the first quarter because of some of these costs. But youve also got volume growth. So, as you go through the year, youll see a little step up in op cost just for -- to deal with that volume growth. On the NGL side, we saw a higher op cost in the fourth quarter. We had several maintenance projects and expense projects and work that we did in the fourth quarter that it was probably a little artificially high. And then, you saw a step down. So, run rate there might be probably closer towards Q1, maybe a little above that. Again, as you see volume growth through the rest of the year, youre going to see a little uptick there as well.
Operator: We will go next to Rebecca Followill with U.S Capital Advisors. 
Rebecca Followill: Good morning. Just following up on the fee rate at $0.88 versus the guidance of $0.80. Are you saying that $0.80 is probably the good go to number for the rest of the year?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Thats what I would use at this point. Again, weve got -- that will depend on how the volumes come on, on which contracts. But we do believe -- we saw some anomalies in the first quarter that drove it up a little bit and it will -- youll see it come back down as the weather gets out and our customers get back to some of the drilling programs, and you see the volume growth. We do think that will tick down a little bit.
Rebecca Followill: And then back to Texas intrastate market and what you can do there, can you quantify how much additional capacity you can add to evacuate gas north?
Kevin Burdick: Its not -- we are not talking Bcf a day type projects. You probably got two or three different projects in the 100 million, 300 million a day type range. So, these are a little more tactical projects that we are talking about. Again, low capital, low multiple, building off our existing asset footprint, but thats how Id think about those types of projects.
Operator: We will go next to Ethan Bellamy with Baird.
Ethan Bellamy: Just a follow-up on Brians question on the steel prices, a couple questions in that area. First, can you confirm you are not exposed on Elk Creek? Separately, other projects in your backlog, either announced or unannounced, has that meaningful moved or changed the economics there, the viability? And then, finally, will we see any movement in maintenance CapEx cost going forward if steel prices maintain current levels?
Kevin Burdick: Ill take the first one. Elk Creek, no, we are not exposed there. Again, we bought that pipe; its already showing up. And we are locked in from a price perspective. So, nothing there. As we look at -- as we think about our backlog and other things, we have not seen any other ancillary cost escalation at this point and feel good about those projects that weve already announced. As we think about our backlog, I mean obviously, the tariffs stuff continues to evolve. So, we will get -- as we move through it, well include anything there in our economics as we evaluate the economics.
Terry Spencer: Kevin, you might mention Arbuckle in terms of the steel
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Thats right. Were focused on Elk Creek but Arbuckle II is also locked in as well from the steel price standpoint. So, we have got the vendors locked in, prices locked in, schedules locked in, and we are good to go there.
Ethan Bellamy: And in terms of anything you might be negotiating with customers, does it delay potential negotiated agreements on new plants if you dont know what the cost of project is going to be?
Kevin Burdick: No.
Ethan Bellamy: And then, just kind of a housekeeping item, but weve seen a few small North Dakota flood warnings, anything to be concerned about for Q2?
Kevin Burdick: No. I mean, we -- whats that?
Terry Spencer: Not outside the ordinary.
Kevin Burdick: Again, normal to me; as we moved through April, May, weve seen what we would consider a normal spring.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. At this time, Ill turn it back to Mr. Ziola for any additional or closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Our quiet period for the second quarter of 2018 starts when we close our books in early July and we will extend until we release earnings in late July. We will provide details on the conference call at a later date. Thank you all again for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Ziola - Vice President, Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Walt Hulse - CFO, EVP, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Kevin Burdick - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Sheridan Swords - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids Charles M. Kelley - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Eric Genco - Citi Kristina Kazarian - Credit Suisse Brian Zarahn - Mizuho Securities Christine Cho - Barclays Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Ethan Bellamy - Baird
Presentation:
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2017 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Avenee, and good morning everyone and welcome to ONEOK's fourth quarter 2017 and year-end earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me today's call are Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs, Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. And the Senior Vice President of our business segments, also are available for questions. On this call, we will focus on fourth quarter and year end 2017 financial results. And provide some additional cover on our strategic and accretive growth projects including our recently announced Arbuckle II Pipeline, MB-4 Fractionator and Demicks Lake projects. We've previously provided 2018 guidance in January. 2017 was an important year for ONEOK. We completed the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners merger transaction in June. And the benefits of that transaction are paying off to ONEOK and its shareholders, particularly as we invest more than $4 billion in strategic expansions over our existing integrated network of pipelines, plants, fractionation and storage facilities with more favorable access to the financial markets as a result of the merger and our continued focus on generating attractive returns. That was proven by extremely successful traditional equity offerings in early January that pre-funded that projects that we have recently announced. From an operations perspective in 2017, I again want to thank our employees who personally endured Hurricane Harvey and countless others who worked tirelessly to keep our assets running safely in order to provide reliable services to our customers not only during the hurricane but every day. The dedication and commitment of all our employees to this company is remarkable and I very much appreciate their hard work in making our company successful. Moving onto our 2017 performance, for the fourth quarter and for the full year of producer activity in production results drove the volume growth in all our business segments throughout our operating footprints which led to an adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow growth. The recent completion of two world scale petrochemical crackers will continue to increase demand for ethane in the Gulf Coast, as these facilities complete their startup activities. In addition four more crackers with a total capacity of nearly 200,000 barrels per day of ethane are expected to be completed later this year. As outlined in our 2018 guidance, this additional demand for ethane is expected to drive approximately $100 million of additional EBITDA in our NGL segment compared with 2017. After staying for a few years now that new petrochemical facilities and ethane crackers are being built, it is now evident in the marketplace that the incremental demand for ethane is here. Our focus remains on executing our cracker growth projects to meet the need of our customers at Williston, Powder River, DJ STACKS SCOOPS and Permian basins. Over the last decade, ONEOK experienced operations, constructions and commercial teams successfully executed $9 billion in capital investments, aggregating supply and delivering into the market safely, reliably in an environmentally responsible manner. With that I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's 2017 operating income totaled nearly $1.4 billion and adjusted EBITDA totaled nearly $2 billion. 30% increases compared with 2016 and more than 25% increase compared with 2015. All driven primarily by strong volume growth and we expect to see that growth continuing with adjusted EBITDA increasing more than 15% for 2018 compared with 2017. Distributable cash flow was nearly $1.4 billion in 2017 and dividend coverage of more than 1.3x, was well above our guidance of 1.2x or greater for the year. This month we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share or $3.08 per share on an annualized basis. The 25% increase compared with the same period in 2017. Management still expects to recommend dividend increases of 9% to 11% annually and maintain our target for annual dividend coverage of 1.2x or greater. As noted in our earnings release, fourth quarter net income included $141 million of one-time non-cash charges related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which impacted fourth quarter earnings per share by $0.36 and full year earnings per share by $0.47. We view the overall impact from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as positive to ONEOK due to the lower corporate tax rate and the immediate expansion of most of our capital spending. As Terry mentioned, we have announced more than $4 billion of new capital growth projects since June. These interactive investments are expected to generate adjusted EBITDA on multiples of 4x to 6x and are backed by a combination of long-term fee-based contracts, volume commitments or acreage dedications. Based on these recent projects announcements ONEOK's 2018 capital growth expenditures are now expected to range from nearly $2 billion to $2.3 billion, an increase of approximately $700 million compared with our initial 2018 guidance. Maintenance capital guidance remains unchanged to $140 million to $180 million. We have talked quite a bit about the funding of this highly accretive growth projects and how we essentially pre-funded our equity needs. In the fourth quarter, we received net proceeds of $384 million through ATM equity program and completed a $1.2 billion public common stock offering in January, resulting in total combined net proceeds of approximately $1.6 billion. With the expected significant cash generated from operations and excessive dividends, and ample borrowing capacity, we don't expect to issue any equity in 2018 or well into 2019. Following the equity offering in January ONEOK's pro forma debt to EBITDA on last 12 months basis improved to just under 4x and put us at our target a year earlier than we expected. We expect our leverage to increase modestly during the later stages of construction but we continue to view four times or less, as an important target for ONEOK in long term. Our anticipated EBITDA growth in 2018 will enable us to fund our growth with excess cash flow from operations and short and long term debt, while maintaining strong credit metrics. As it relates to review of rates on West Texas LPG, the regulatory process continues and it will resolve itself in due course. Our 2018 NGL segment financial guidance encompasses a range of potential outcomes for the rig division. The midpoint of NGL segment adjusted EBITDA guidance does not assume any uplift from potential rate increase. As we said previously, the outcomes of which will not impact our current or future negotiated rates of West Texas LPG nor will it hinder our ability to secure new NGL supply from producers and processors including the project which extends West Texas LPG into the core of Delaware basin. As we continue to actively negotiate with producers in the Permian for additional capacity. Now I will turn the call over to Kevin for closer look at each of our business segments and to provide to some additional color on our growth projections.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Starting with the performance of our Natural Gas Liquid segment. 2017 was another year of strong volume growth setting us up well for even greater growth in 2018. Fourth quarter 2017 NGL volumes gathered averaged 867,000 barrels per day, a 7% increase compared with the third quarter 2017. And a 17% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2016. Higher overall raw feed volumes on our Mid-Continent and West Texas LPG pipeline drove the sequential quarter increases with Mid-Continent volumes increasing more than 9% during that timeframe. Mid-Continent growth continues to be driven by strong producer results in STACK and SCOOP areas. Our Bakken NGL pipeline is operating at full capacity as volumes averaged 136,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter 2017. Our recently announced Elk Creek pipeline project will alleviate NGL capacity constraints out of the Rocky Mountain region once complete. And we expect to use our rail transport capabilities as early as second quarter 2018 to provide the necessary takeaway for expected volume growth until Elk Creek is in service. NGL volumes fractionated in fourth quarter 2017 increased 13% compared with the third quarter 2017 driven by higher gathered volumes across our NGL systems, and lower volumes fractionated in the third quarter due to impacts from Hurricane Harvey. Volume that could not be fractionated during the third quarter because of the hurricane were stored and fractionated in the fourth quarter. Our NGL volumes were in line with our guidance range even with petrochemical cracker completion delay and the impacts from Hurricane Harvey. Moving onto the natural gas gathering and processing segment. We exceeded our 2017 financial guidance expectations due to the strong producer results in Williston Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas. The segment's fourth quarter 2017 average natural gas gathered and processed volumes increased 20% compared with the same period in 2016. Fourth quarter volumes processed increased 5% compared with the third quarter 2017 averaging nearly 1.7 billion cubic feet per day across our system. Williston Basin volumes processed again established new highs with an average of more than 870 million cubic feet per day during the fourth quarter. Mid-Continent processed volumes average more than 790 million cubic feet per day, a 6% increase compared with the third quarter 2017. We exceeded our well connection expectations for 2017 in both the Williston Basin and Mid-Continent, connecting 430 and 113 wells respectively. And we expect to connect approximately 650 wells total in 2018, a nearly 20% increase from last year. In the Williston Basin, continued producer activity, improving well performance and higher gas to oil ratios are driving volumes growth. Analysis of recent well results shows 25 to 30 rigs to date can produce as much natural gas volumes as 70 to 80 rigs three years ago. With now only 100 million cubic feet per day of available processing capacity on our systems, our recently announced Demicks Lake processing plant will provide producers in the region with much needed processing capacity to accommodate growth expectations. Volumes growth in the Mid-Continent in the fourth quarter 2017 was driven by strong producer results in the STACK and SCOOP areas which led to a 6% increase in natural gas volumes processed compared with the third quarter 2017. Our third party offload is operational which provides us access to an additional 200 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity for our growing volumes in the STACK, and we are on track to add an additional 200 million cubic feet per day of capacity in the fourth quarter of this year with the expansion of our Canadian Valley plant. Once complete, we will have an approximately 1.1 billion cubic feet per day of processing capacity in Oklahoma. In the natural gas pipeline segment, 2017 adjusted EBITDA increased 9% compared with 2016. The segment continues to benefit from higher fee-based earnings and increased transportation capacity contracted. The segment continues discussions with producers in Permian basin and the STACK and SCOOP areas to accommodate additional natural gas takeaway capacity given the strong growth expectations in those splits. Recent tax reform laws have spurred conversation around potential impacts for regulated pipelines. For ONEOK, since most of our natural gas pipeline contracts have been established through shipper specific negotiated rates and settlements, we don't anticipate adjustments to rates solely because of lower tax rates. Related to rate settlements on February 23, Northern Border Pipeline received a letter order from the FERC approving their uncontested rate case settlement without modifications. Now let's take a closer look at our recently announced capital growth projects and how these latest projects complement and enhance our previously announced investments. This year we have announced two strategic NGL pipeline projects, Elk Creek and Arbuckle II. The 530 mile Arbuckle II pipeline will have an initial capacity of 400,000 barrels per day and has the capability to be expanded up to one million barrels per day with additional pump facilities which could more than double our current capacity between the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast with minimal capital investment. We are also adding 125,000 barrels per day of additional fractionation capacity at Mont Belvieu with the announcement of our MB-4 fractionator. The Arbuckle II pipeline is already more than 50% contracted and will provide producers in all the basins where we operate with connectivity to growing demand in Mont Belvieu. The adjusted EBITDA are multiple forecasted for these projects are based only from these contracts and discussions with customers regarding additional supply continue to take place. The MB-4 fractionator is already fully contracted and both projects are expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2020. Our Demicks Lake Plant will add an additional 200 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity in Williston Basin bringing ONEOK's total capacity in the region to more than 1.2 billion cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter 2019. Additionally, we are in the permitting process for an expansion of our Bear Creek processing facility that we expect could add 40 to 60 million cubic feet per day of capacity with minimal capital. NGLs from the Demicks Lake Plant will ultimately feed our Elk Creek pipeline which in turn will connect with ONEOK's extensive Mid-Continent NGL gathering system which provides connectivity from the Williston Basin to the Gulf Coast. A quick update on our Elk Creek pipeline announced in early January. We continue to have discussions with producers and processors to secure additional supply out of the Rocky's region. And our outlook now exceeds our original volume expectations by 10% to 20%. We continue to proactively communicate with landowners, state and local agencies and other stakeholders along the pipeline route and expect to be given construction later this year. All of these strategic attractive return projects will work together to provide much needed solutions for producers and position ONEOK with considerable long-term operating leverage across our integrated network of assets. Terry that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. Before we take questions, I have got a couple of items to point out. As I mentioned earlier in my remarks ONEOK's will like to focus on executing on our $4 billion announced growth projects over the next several year. So which will take us to 2020? As we look beyond 2020, I'll go ahead and answer questions, some of you maybe wanting to ask and that is what's next. As Kevin detailed, many of our projects are being designed with the ability to expand immediately with minimal capital investments. And we'll continue to develop opportunities and in our under our asset footprint to expand even further. Whether that is to pipelines, processing plants, fractionators or storage. All of which we proven, we don't have to manage, build operate and optimize. So with that operator we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS Financial. Please go ahead.
Shneur Gershuni:
Kevin Burdick:
Terry Spencer:
Walt Hulse:
Shneur Gershuni:
Kevin Burdick:
Terry Spencer:
Operator: And we'll move next to Eric Genco with Citi Bank. Please go ahead.
Eric Genco:
Walt Hulse:
Eric Genco:
Walt Hulse:
Eric Genco:
Walt Hulse:
Eric Genco:
Sheridan Swords:
Operator: Our next question will come from Kristina Kazarian with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kristina Kazarian:
Terry Spencer:
Kristina Kazarian:
Terry Spencer:
Kristina Kazarian:
Sheridan Swords:
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Zarahn with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Brian Zarahn:
Kevin Burdick:
Brian Zarahn:
Kevin Burdick:
Terry Spencer:
Brian Zarahn:
Terry Spencer:
Brian Zarahn:
Walt Hulse:
Kevin Burdick:
Operator: We will move to our next question from Christine Cho with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Christine Cho:
Sheridan Swords:
Christine Cho:
Sheridan Swords:
Christine Cho:
Sheridan Swords:
Christine Cho:
Sheridan Swords:
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet:
Kevin Burdick:
Jeremy Tonet:
Kevin Burdick:
Jeremy Tonet:
Kevin Burdick:
Jeremy Tonet:
Kevin Burdick:
Unidentified Company Representative:
Terry Spencer:
Unidentified Company Representative:
Jeremy Tonet:
Kevin Burdick:
Jeremy Tonet:
Kevin Burdick:
Operator: We'll move next to Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Chris Sighinolfi:
Terry Spencer:
Sheridan Swords:
Chris Sighinolfi:
Sheridan Swords:
Chris Sighinolfi:
Sheridan Swords:
Chris Sighinolfi:
Terry Spencer:
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ted Durbin:
Kevin Burdick:
Ted Durbin:
Kevin Burdick:
Ted Durbin:
Kevin Burdick:
Ted Durbin:
Kevin Burdick:
Unidentified Company Representative:
Ted Durbin:
Walt Hulse:
Ted Durbin:
Walt Hulse:
Ted Durbin:
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere:
Kevin Burdick:
Craig Shere:
Kevin Burdick:
Craig Shere:
Kevin Burdick:
Operator: We will now take our next question from Ethan Bellamy with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ethan Bellamy:
Terry Spencer:
Ethan Bellamy:
Terry Spencer:
Operator: There are no further telephone questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Andrew Ziola for any additional or closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Okay. Thank you. Great questions today. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in April. And extends until earnings are release in early May. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Ziola - Vice President, Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Walt Hulse - CFO, EVP, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Kevin Burdick - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Michael Fitzgibbons - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Sheridan Swords - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan Eric Genco - Citi Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Michael Blum - Wells Fargo
 - : Christine Cho - Barclays Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 ONEOK Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you and welcome to ONEOK's third quarter earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK's expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always we appreciate your continued interest in investment in ONEOK. Joining me today's call are Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Before I hand the call over and I have a few brief opening remarks. I am going to start up by saying how much I appreciate the efforts of our employees who personally endured Hurricane Harvey, employees at our Mont Belvieu area facility and countless others at our company work tirelessly to keep our assets running safely in order to provide needed services to our customers. I am very proud of them. And as expected, their dedication and commitment to this company continuous to be nothing shorter remarkable. I should also mention that the swift recovery of the Mont Belvieu infrastructure following Harvey would not have been possible without the hard work and cooperation of many of our industry peers, customers, service providers and local governments. Many thanks to them. I also wanted to extend our thoughts and prayers to the victims, their families and all effected by the senseless tragedy that occurred in New York City yesterday afternoon. The city and its people once again prove its courage and resolves as it copes with this tragic event. Moving on to our third quarter performance, building off our second quarter results. Third quarter performance was strong benefiting from natural gas and natural gas liquids volume growth and higher transportation revenues in our natural gas pipeline segment. These results demonstrate that we are well on our way to achieving our 2017 guidance. As we stand today compared to a year ago, rig counts have increased in the states we served by 70%, driven primarily by technological advances in drilling which has made exploration more effective, more efficient and production more prolific. We are seeing petrochemical facilities and ethane cracker coming online and expect two more to startup in the next several months. The industry has been anticipating these startups for several years and now we are beginning to see real demand for ethane, which Kevin will discuss more in a moment. We're also hearing from customers about the next wave of petrochemical facilities to be designed and built on the Gulf Coast. I mention this because it's important to point out the energy industry is once again proving its resiliency and its adaptability to the market place. I believe ONEOK has played a big part in that by continuing to invest capital to aggregate supply and deliver it to the markets. We are well positioned to meet the needs of our customers today and we are committed to continue investing in and around our assets to meet their needs into the future. With that I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $517 million compared with $462 million in the second quarter 2017. The 12% increase primarily driven by natural gas and natural gas liquids volume growth. As noted in our earnings release, third quarter results included approximately $20 million in non-cash impairment charge related to non-strategic assets and equity investments in our G&P segment which impacted third quarter earnings per share by $0.03. We estimate that without the disruption of Hurricane Harvey, the NGL segment's earnings would have been approximately $4.5 million higher for the quarter or $0.01 per share. Last week, we announced our quarterly dividend of 74.5 cents per share or $2.98 per share on an annualized basis unchanged from the previous quarter when we increased the dividend by 21%. Dividend coverage was healthy 1.3 times for the quarter. Management still expects to recommend annual dividend increases of approximately 9% to 11% beginning in 2018 and annual dividend coverage of 1.2 times or greater. Since June, we've announced nearly $0.5 billion in attractive, low multiple growth projects supported by commitments from anchor customers. In September and October, we issued 3.3 million shares through our ATM equity program resulting a net proceeds of $184 million. The proceeds of these issuance along with gas generated in excess of dividends support these recently announced high return projects as we prudently manage our balance sheet. We continue to see opportunities to make attractive investments supported by customer commitments. To the extent that we make additional future investments, the ATM will be one of the tools available to fund future growth. ONEOK's trailing 12 month GAAP debt-to-EBITDA improved again to 4.9 times at September 30. Our annualized third quarter GAAP debt-to-EBITDA run rate was 4.6 times. We continue to expect leverage to be around our target of 4 times or less by late 2018 or early 2019. We continue to proactively manage our balance sheet. We repaid $1 billion in its outstanding debt in July and September combined and completed a $1.2 billion senior notes offering in July, essentially extending the term of the debt at a very attractive rates. We are well positioned with ample liquidity to effectively manage our debt maturities and continue to finance growth investments. As it relates to review of rates on West Texas LPG, in late September, the Administrative Law Judge provided its findings to the Railroad Commission of Texas, which the commissioners may expect, modify or remand for further preceding. There is no deadline for them to take action. That we anticipate the commissioners may consider the findings in any exceptions filed by the parties this December. Regardless of the outcome, we do not expect the Railroad Commission's decision to have a material impact on our financial results. They will also not impact our current our future negotiated rates on West Texas LPG. [indiscernible] our ability to secure new NGL supply from producers and processors. As noted by our recently announcement to expand into the heart of the Delaware Basin. In yesterday's earnings announcement, we maintained our 2017 guidance outlook which was updated last quarter to reflect the completion of the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners merger transaction. We expect to announce 2018 guidance sometime after the first of the year. Please refer to our news release, investor presentation and 10-Q filing for additional details on the quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our business segments.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you, Walt. Starting with our natural gas liquids segments. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 8% compared with the second quarter 2017 including the impact from Hurricane Harvey which lowered our EBITDA by approximately $4.5 million. We sustain mills significant damage to our facilities but experienced reduced volumes due to industry downtime and increased operating cost following the hurricane. We essentially realized no benefit from optimization directly related to the hurricane. As we look forward, we had seen wider spreads so far early in the fourth quarter. NGL volumes gathered averaged approximately 812,000 barrels per day, a 5,000 barrels per day increase compared with the second quarter 2017. Higher Mid-Continent volumes and higher volumes on our West Texas LPG pipeline drove the increase. Volume on Bakken NGL pipeline decreased slightly from the second quarter due primarily to plan maintenance activities at our Garden Creek and Grassland's natural gas processing plants in the Williston Basin and planned maintenance on the Overland Pass Pipeline. As we discussed previously, our Bakken NGL pipeline can run above its nameplate capacity of 135,000 barrels per day and through October, volumes had return to levels at or above what we experienced in the second quarter. We continue monitoring producer customer activity as well as the current utilization of Overland Pass Pipeline and are evaluating our options to provide additional capacity out of the region. Third quarter NGL volumes fractionated were down slightly compared with the second quarter 2017, primarily impacted by Hurricane Harvey. Volumes that were unable to be fractionated during the third quarter were stored and will be fractionated in either the fourth quarter of 2017 or first quarter 2018. Ethane rejection levels on our NGL systems remained relatively unchanged in the third quarter 2017 averaging more than 150,000 barrels per day similar to second quarter levels. As multiple, petrochemical facilities are expected to come online in the next few months, we continue to expect ethane recovery levels to fluctuate in the fourth quarter and into early 2018 as the startups occur. As we have moved into the fourth quarter, we had seen a significant increase in our gathered volumes. In October, we exceeded 900,000 barrels per day on numerous days. The increase in a combination of volume growth of overall raw feed and additional ethane that is being recovered. For the natural gas gathering and processing segment, third quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA increased to 11% compared with the second quarter 2017. With the segment once again posting solid volume growth in the Williston Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas. In the Williston Basin, volumes processed again established new highs with an average of more than 840 million cubic feet per day during the quarter. Despite plan maintenance act some of our processing facilities and the maintenance on Overland Pass Pipeline. Mid-Continent volumes averaged more than 740 million cubic feet per day, an 8% increase compared with the second quarter 2017. Rigs remained steady across our acreage with approximately 30 rigs operating on a dedicated acreage in the Williston Basin and approximately 15 rigs on a dedicated acreage in the STACK and SCOOP areas combined. In the Williston Basin, we connected 130 wells during the third quarter for a total of 313 through the first nine months of the year, well on our way to completing our target of 400 in 2017. We now estimate the drilled but uncompleted wells on our dedicated acreage increased between 350 to 400, compared with 300 previously. We continue hearing of improved efficiencies across the basin including indications between 10% and 15% productivity improvements in wells completed in 2017 compared with 2016. At current rig activity levels, in addition to inventories in the basin, we expect continued volume growth into 2018. Growth in the Mid-Continent continues as well. We connected 35 wells in the Mid-Continent during the third quarter and it connected 76 through the first nine months of the year, well on track to reach our target of 100 by the end of the year. The segment's average fee rate was $0.86 per MMBtu in the third quarter 2017 compared with $0.76 per MMBtu in the third quarter of 2016, a 13% increase which was driven primarily by increased volumes on contracts where we received higher fees. We still expect the segment's average fee rate to be approximately $0.85 to all of 2017. In the natural gas pipeline segment, adjusted EBITDA increased 8% in the third quarter 2017 and 13% through the first nine months of the year compared with the same periods in 2016. The segment continues to benefit from high fee based earnings and increased transportation capacity contracted. We continue discussions with producers and markets to develop long term natural gas take away solutions across our footprint especially out of the Permian Basin where we had a long standing asset position with our West Texas Pipeline system and recently our joint venture Road Runner pipelines. As Walt discussed, we've announced nearly $0.5 billion of capital growth projects with the most recent being the $200 million expansion of the West Texas LPG pipeline into prolific Delaware Basin, one of the fastest growing plays in the U.S. The project is supported by long term dedicated NGL production from two third party natural gas processing plants which we estimate will produce up to 40,000 barrels per day. The project is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2018. Fees on this project are negotiated bundled rates at market based transportation and fractionation rates. Because this is an extension and expansion of an existing pipeline asset, we expect EBITDA multiples to be in the four to six times range better than our typical five to seven times. Additionally, the lateral is sized to allow for future growth beyond the initial two plants. We continue to discuss opportunities with numerous customers in the Delaware regarding potential contracts with more than ten new processing plants in the area. Terry that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. I have just a couple of closing comments as it relates to our future growth projects before we take your questions. Following the West Texas LPG expansion announcement, we still continue to develop our unannounced inventory of potential capital growth projects. We've updated that inventory which is now between 2.5 billion and 3.5 billion compared with 1.5 billion to 2.5 billion previously. This inventory remains heavily focused on NGL infrastructure which we anticipate could be announced between now and 2020. We are expanding our existing businesses and continuing to focus on deploying capital prudently at attractive returns and in ways that will create value for our customers and investors. Finally I want to once again thank all of our employees for their continued hard work and their commitment to safe operations, our customers and the communities we operated in. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Shneur Gershuni from UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning, guys.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Shneur Gershuni: Just a couple of questions. Just to start off, I was wondering if you can talk about your CapEx funding strategy going forward, you tap the ATM this past quarter and I'm trying to understand is it more because you were during a blackout during the merger process and needed to get leverage in line post close and no longer expect to use it and use retain DCF or alternatively do you continue to plan using the ATM as a primary source of funding?
Walter Hulse: Fortunately, there was no relation to the period of time between the announcement of merger and the closing of the merger. I think it's important to note that we've announced this 500 million or so of new growth projects since June and we wanted to use the ATM to make sure that we funded those because they were in addition to the CapEx that we had previously been discussing. So it was more of a getting ahead of the game and making sure that as we look at forward growth projects, we maintain a very strong balance sheet.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then secondly, the 500 million of identified CapEx for 2018, are there any other projects that you're very close to approving or moving forward with that could take the number materially in 2108 or is that kind of the run rate we should be thinking about?
Terry Spencer: Well, I think you should always - this is Terry. I think you should always think about that, got this base run rate of kind of routine growth but we're continually working this backlog of new projects. And as contractual commitments and anchor customers come together, certainly we'll go forward and take those projects to our board. So we've got a number of projects that are in various stages of development, as those things those things mature like we've always said, we will not only - once we get those approve, our board will certainly go public with those.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And final question, you've had this forecast out there for dividend growth around the 10% range for several years going forward. How much capital you need to be investing in to achieve that growth rate over the next couple of years? Is it a couple 100 million, is it more you're running at last just kind of wondering what the cadence to being able to achieve that growth rate, operating leverage versus needing to invest capital?
Walter Hulse: Sure Shneur. This is Walt. The dividend growth rate that was previously announced was supported by base growth CapEx in line with the past couple of years. New projects enhance these cash flows and will produce more free cash flow to reinvest in our business and maintain our strong balance sheet.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you very much guys.
Walter Hulse: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet, JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Terry, just want to pick up on one of your last comments there with regard to the upsize in the kind of growth project up evaluation last going up to 2.5 billion to 3.5 billion there. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on what specifically is driving that what's changed, sounds like this NGL pipeline is part of the driver there. But is there any more you can share as far as what basins or anything else in the market that evolve that you guys see as better opportunities now?
Terry Spencer: Well, so certainly Jeremy at that at a high level what we're seeing certainly is core in NGL growth in the basin that we operate certainly in the Williston Basin we continue to grow. Their prospects as Kevin mentioned on the call, on his call remarks rather look great and continue to see strong development STACK and SCOOP. And certainly this recent announcement of West Texas is certainly an indicator of the opportunity that's in front of us there. So the bulk of the CapEx this increased CapEx in this unannounced backlog is going to be in the NGL segment and it will be in the form of pipeline loops, pumps, pipeline, infrastructure, potentially fractionation capacity that could be some storage in there possibly. So projects of that nature primarily what they consists of. Kevin, you got anything that you could add to that?
Kevin Burdick: Just growth of our existing again significant growth of existing assets.
Jeremy Tonet: That makes sense. Thanks. And then just another question on funding growth CapEx going forward, there's been kind of an increase use of hybrid securities out there and wondering how you think those STACK on versus the ATM when you walk into you know minimize dilution for future growth?
Terry Spencer: Well, of course we will look at every opportunity that we have to fund the business going forward. We're pleased to be in a position with a very strong investment grade balance sheet and traditional capital access is something that we enjoy and it would probably be where we would lean more towards. But we'll say though that price of everything that's in the marketplace and evaluate whether as it fit into our cap structure or not.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thanks. And then just looking at the STACK and SCOOP, I just wondered if you could talk a little bit more about the dynamics there, it seems like STACK continues to have good opportunities moving forward the Canadian value there and knocks seems like it still on the back burner at this point, I was wondering if you could share any more on what you see there?
Terry Spencer: Kevin can help you there?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah Terry, again we excited about STACK and SCOOP. And I think our volume growth sequential quarter-to-quarters just shows that and just demonstrates some of the potential. On the G&P side, we do have the 200 million a day off load that we've got out there that's expected to be complete by the end of the year, so that's the first tranche of capacity. Then we've also got the Canadian Valley two expansion which we've announced. And beyond that our NGL segment with the footprint we've got in the STACK and the SCOOP there, there's a lot of other additional plants I think they just came out yesterday and announced a new plant that would be under our contract with them. So a lot of activity going on in the STACK and the SCOOP, producers have come out here, in just the last couple calls I've seen and talked about moving to kind of the full development program which just drives the efficiency of the rigs up. And so there's a lot of opportunity for us given our footprint in the STACK.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for that. And then just last on the Bakken. On the processing side there, I was just wondered if you could update us and competitive dynamics you see in some other NLPs moving forward processing expansion such as Bear and others and I was just wondering if you could give us your latest thoughts there.
Kevin Burdick: You know with the volumes that we have seen in the Williston, we probably especially as we moved into the third quarter and gotten past some of this maintenance, we're probably - excuse me into the fourth quarter and gotten pass some of the maintenance, we probably have 125 million a day of capacity left. So with the rig activity we're seeing and the well performance that we're seeing then clearly we could see additional processing capacity that we would need.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. That's it for me.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: Hey, good morning, guys. I was just wondering what you've been hearing from producer customers in the Williston kind of heading into next year in terms of rig counts activity, you targeting about 400 wells here and 30 rigs it seems like that's about 27 days to complete a well which seems high. So do you expect the rig counts to taper off and if nothing changes is 400 a conservative number going forward or how do you think about all that?
Kevin Burdick: Hi, Eric, this is Kevin. I got some thoughts and Mike Fitzgibbons may have a couple of thoughts as well. But our conversations with the producer customers continue to be very positive. The rig counts have held and we've seen some price strength here over the last few weeks. We see no indications that those rigs are going to back off. So yes if you maintain this activity level at 30 rigs, the 400 would be light as we think about 2018. Not ready to get out there with the guidance yet, we will do that as we as we release our financial guidance. But clearly you're right, the 2017 is high in and so we would expect the well connects to go off in 2018. Mike?
Michael Fitzgibbons: I agree with that. The only thing I will add is we've had a couple of producers announced, they can achieve their volume growth target with less rigs because of the efficiency increases. So we may see a rig or two drop, but we're still seeing very productive wealth and forecast of volume growth from those rigs.
Eric Genco: Great. And just one quick follow-up. I'm curious as you look out at the - I think it's sort of asked in couple different angles, but you got the 485 million to 495 million of projects since June and 40 million that is finished in 2017, sort of I guess the rest is overwhelmingly in 2018. Do you expect your overall debt balance, you debt today is at quarter end was around 9.5 billion, do you expect that to drop or do you meaningfully at all or do you think it hangs in there maybe drifts off a little as you have the EBITDA growth that sort of gets to the year leverage target?
Kevin Burdick: Well, we're not going to give specific guidance 2018, but I would say that we do expect to have significant EBITDA growth that will help those levers statistics along in the most dramatic fashion.
Eric Genco: Okay. So 9.5 billion is of net that is that - do you see it materially dropping over the course of the next year or no?
Kevin Burdick: I think given level of our CapEx, we expect to see our deleveraging come more from the increase in EBITDA than a drop in that.
Eric Genco: All right. Thank you.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital.
Danilo Juvane: Good morning, everyone.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Danilo Juvane: I was looking at the - I want to go back to 2017 guidance. The G&P segment specifically the wave how strong the gathering perform this year would imply decline in 4Q, just to get to the high end of the guidance range there. So is seems that you've been a little bit conservative but not raising guidance in my opinion. Is there any other assets that we should be thinking about whether there be related to Harvey or maybe some of the ethane volumes that you had baked into your forecast they're going to be late end because of the outages in the Gulf Coast?
Terry Spencer: No, I mean specific to your question about G&P, yeah when you do that math that where you get to. The one dynamic that we always at least consider as we're thinking about the fourth quarter for gathering and processing is weather, especially when you look at the month of December, we do historically see a little bit of a pullback of our volumes. So we do factor that in. I don't think we see any lingering effects related to Harvey from our business. As we've talked about we've seen it transitioning a little bit just overall we talk about the volume growth we have seen in October in our NGL segment. Clearly a decent chunk of that volume growth would be ethane which would since signaled that the ethane recovery story starting a little bit. So that's - I mean that's how I would frame up kind of how we're thinking about guidance in still holding that firm.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks for that. And then with respect to growth CapEx, I think the previous guidance was $500 million for the year, thus far we've paid I think $250 million, so should we expect a big chunk in 4Q here or is that going to extend over into 2018?
Terry Spencer: Yeah, we will - I mean yeah with that with the recent announcements obviously we're getting - we're hot and heavy into the construction on those projects that we've announced, so you would see that capital ramp up in the Q4.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. Thank you, those are my questions.
Terry Spencer: Yes. Thank you.
Operator:
.:
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: On the West Texas expansion project, could you elaborate a bit on the volume assumption on 4 to 6 times multiple expectation?
Terry Spencer: Sure. As we think about those the - up to 40,000 barrels a day, it goes room service on the back half of 2018, we would expect that volume to ramp up maybe over a year to two, past in service date.
Kevin Burdick: Right, within two years, we should be at or above 40,000.
Unidentified Analyst: So the 4 to 6 time multiple the same as around 40,000 barrels a day volume?
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then on those new barrels, what type of fractionation opportunities are there potential with those go to third parties?
Terry Spencer: Well the 40,000 that we referenced in the press release, we do have a bundle of service with them. We will be fracing those barrels. So it's a total package deal for us. The pipeline does give us the opportunities, we talk to more people to bring more volume on that and fractionated as well at or below multiples that we will see on this project.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Just to summarize the 4 to 6 times multiple expectation seems about 40,000 barrels a day of volumes including now fractionation fees?
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. And then obviously have excess capacity, how do you view the competitive landscape in the Permian for NGL take away increase the utilization of the expansion?
Sheridan Swords: Brian, this is Sheridan. It's a very competitive landscape out there, but as we've said before with have an existing pipeline that we can incrementally add capacity to it to dial in to what the customer actually needs. We can do it much cheaper and faster than other pipelines, brand new pipelines that are coming in there. So we see ourselves being very competitive. And with this new expansion in here, we get this us into position that we can compete even better for these Delaware barrels. And we have been talked to multiple producers and processors out there in the short term before we announced this. And after we announced this, we've even had more come to us and want to get on this pipeline, we want to talk this about. So we're very excited what this bring to us and very excited about seeing more expansions come out.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And for updates on the expansion, so obviously a lot of focus on your organic opportunities. As we moved into 2018, how do you see M&A playing overall in your growth?
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly in our thinking we don't have any M&A factored in but we're always going to be thinking about those opportunities and certainly we've got a strong currency to work with, certainly, financially sound company. But I can tell you what our focus will be heavily organic and any M&A whether it's a bolt on asset or whether it's something even broader from a strategic perspective will certainly just be an opportunistic approach. So heavy organic will be the key strategy, key focus for 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, Terry.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Blum from Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hey, good morning.
Terry Spencer: Hey Michael.
Michael Blum: Just one more question on West Texas the new pipeline project. I think you mentioned you're also be expanding the existing system, how much - if that's correct, how much you also expanding that by?
Terry Spencer: Michael, we expanded by equally amount of 40,000.
Michael Blum: Okay. So I guess since the extension line is 110, as you move above that 40,000 on the extension line, so that imply that you have to then probably further expand the mainline and I guess what is the capability to do that?
Sheridan Swords: Michael, you're exactly right that you will have to continue to expand the mainline that's when we get into we can expand and spend that capital on the mainland as we get the commitments on the lateral coming in there. So we don't have to spend it all upfront, we can incremental life that capital in there. And as I said we expect those projects that we're working on now to expand the mainline to bring more volume in on the lateral will be in at or better than the 4 to 6 times that the original one is. We did put some upfront capital in there to put a bigger piece of pipe in the ground, so that we are better able to compete in the Delaware.
Michael Blum: Okay. And then my other question was just this on the cadence of dividend increases as you go out in time, are you planning to do like one dividend increase per year or you planning to do every quarter, what's thought there?
Walt Hulse: Well, Michael, obviously the board will address that on a quarterly basis, but our expectation would be to be in line with the past practice and most likely look at the quarterly and the board will evaluate the facts and circumstances each quarter and then act accordingly.
Michael Blum: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tom Abrams with Morgan Stanley.
Tom Abrams: Thanks. What's left here, G&P strong margins in the quarter, can you just break that down a little bit on how much you might attribute in NGL prices and spreads versus fees?
Kevin Burdick: Tom, this is Kevin. Yeah, it's again, we converted so much of our through the contract restructuring, we've moved so much of the commodity exposure to fee, it is primarily fee and when you combine that with our hedge position for 2017, virtually all that is just volume growth with the fee increase.
Tom Abrams: Good. And then on the distribution, last question, not so much for 2018 but more for 2019, is the philosophy around issuing equity to make a 10% or so distribution growth when you want to strengthen your balance sheet, your capital spending is clearly very strong and the industry itself seems to be moving more toward that mid-single-digit type being acceptable for the larger companies. Just wonder how you've traded off those kinds of dynamics?
Kevin Burdick: Well, we were in a position today were in this particular quarter, we cover the dividend by 1.3 times and we expect to have significant dividend coverage going forward which will give us a lot of excess cash flow to put back into the business and reinvest in the business. We as I said previously, the dividend growth that we had previously guided to was based on kind of the run rate dividend - run rate CapEx that we've been spending over the last couple years. So as we have these lot of multiple projects, we just expect to have even more cash flow to invest in the business going forward.
Tom Abrams: All right. Thanks a lot and great quarter.
Kevin Burdick: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. I just have a couple of operational questions. The Bakken G&P volumes were up but the NGL pipeline volumes were down sequentially. What went on there, was it just more ethane that was you tested versus last quarter?
Terry Spencer: Yes, Christine, that was primarily around ethane and it also relates to the maintenance activities that we saw at our assets and how we had to move gas around and to continue to process as much of the gas as we possibly could. We did end up projecting more ethane than we had the previous quarter. In addition to that, another dynamic that was going on during the same time is our deethanizer at state line really ramped up during that time period. So the NGLs produced actually went up, but yet the NGLs we were pushing down the pipe went down a little bit.
Christine Cho: So, if the NGL volumes were up but the pipeline volumes were down like where did the incremental NGLs go, do you guys have storage up there?
Terry Spencer: No. it was - again it was primarily ethane that was rejected due to a lot of the maintenance and other activities that were going on. And then the ethane that's going through the deethanizer does end up in markets in Canada as well.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then in your prepared remarks, you alluded to evaluating opportunities for providing additional takeaway out of the Bakken. Your 10-Q says that you're expecting to add capacity to the Bakken NGL line by third quarter of next year. And if you do that, don't you have to expand Overland Pass, I thought that was full, or if there are other alternatives?
Sheridan Swords: Christine. This is Sheridan. Yes, we are looking at the total system both over the past and Bakken pipeline to look at all alternatives to expand it. But you are correct, Overland Pass is full, so any expansion on the Bakken pipeline will have to take into account takeaway from the bottom end and we're looking at all options. But all options to expand that system as we continue to see the robust growth in the Williston.
Christine Cho: And that would have to be looping, I'm assuming?
Sheridan Swords: There's a lot of different options there, it could be looping of the existence system or completely new system.
Christine Cho: I see, okay. And with natural gas production increasing out of the Bakken, is the incremental residue gas still going down northern border, or do you guys have an idea of how much of the gas is going there?
Sheridan Swords: Well, again physically all the gas out of the basin is virtually all of it is ultimately ending up on Northern border that ends up in the Mid-Continent the upper Midwest markets. So how it gets priced is really a separate from an acre prospective is really a little bit, it's a different question. But all the gas and we're confident that with the growth projections we see out there that we will continue to be able to move all the residue out of the region on board.
Christine Cho: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Theodore Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin: Good morning. I just wanted to verify, I think in your prepared remarks you said your NGL gathering volumes are up to 900,000 barrels a day in October, is that right?
Terry Spencer: That's correct.
Theodore Durbin: That's a big pickup versus what you did in third quarter, what's the driver there and can give us a breakdown of whether it's mostly mid corner which is come out of?
Terry Spencer: Well, we're really seeing increasing in all of our regions. We talked about we talked about the Bakken barrels being down and now we're back up to those levels before. Mid-Continent volumes are up as well. A chunk of that is going to be ethane. As we have seen ethane recovery pick up during the month of October. We still think that will fluctuate a little bit when this come online and go through the startup. But again, we've seen some nice volume growth out of all the areas.
Theodore Durbin: And is it fair to say the margins on that additional will be in line the sort of your rules of thumb $0.30 and $0.09 in that $0.03?
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. There will be close. Typically we have a little bit of a breakdown for ethane, a little bit of an incentive, but it's going to be materially in the line of what we've given.
Terry Spencer: Remember a lot of ethane's pipe come on is going to be value based barrel coming out in Mid-Continent which would be at a higher. Then the average rate that we have in our presentation because that has booked Conway and Bellevue and we talk about the Mid-Continent. So probably just slightly higher than that.
Theodore Durbin: So Sheridan, it's fair to say that in many of your contracts, you have a structure slightly lower transportation and frac rate for ethane versus your propane plus?
Sheridan Swords: That's exactly right. But we expect the Bellevue barrels to come out first which would be higher than the Conway price barrels.
Theodore Durbin: Right. Okay that makes a lot of sense and it's really helpful. And then can you talk about the overall returns, I guess blended returns both on the let's call it $500 million of growth CapEx you have announced since June and as we think about that bigger chunk the $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion, what kind of the EBITDA multiple should we think about for both of those buckets, please?
Walter Hulse: Well, I think you're going to see a lot of those projects in that unannounced backlog are going to be similar to the routine growth that we've seen historically. So you could see a good chunk of this coming in at 4 to 6 times but I think broadly speaking overall some of the larger infrastructure projects that are in that mix are going to be in your 5 to 7 times that we've historically indicated. Is that help you?
Theodore Durbin: Yeah, it's helpful. And then last one for me, just operating costs look like they're up a decent amount here third quarter sort of year-over-year. Is that all just sort of new assets something like the rest of hurricane costs in there, what sort of a good new run rate on op costs or is there anything any kind of onetime items in there?
Walter Hulse: Yeah the op costs are really just more of our growth in dealing with that. Yes, there was a little bit in there for the hurricane but again every quarter typically we will see some one time attributes. But I think that be - it would probably be a decent run rate as we think about going forward.
Theodore Durbin: All right. That's it for me. Thank you.
Walter Hulse: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Shere:
. :
Terry Spencer: Well, as we - I mean yes, Craig you're right. We have seen an increase in spreads through the month of October. We do think there's some likelihood that those will kind of maintain for two to three months here or beyond that. On the flip side as our volumes do increase that will reduce a little bit the amount of volume we can actually move on the pipes as we physically are flowing more volume on our assets. So there's a little bit of a give and take there but yes it's nice to have that tailwind of the stronger spreads. Sheridan?
Sheridan Swords: Yeah, I definitely agree. And you are very right, there is more of this ethane, and we talked about more volume growth. We will consume more of the pipeline for fee based business and that will leave less capacity for optimization activities.
Craig Shere: Understood. And with respect to the 200 million was the excess LPG expansion, I guess 116 that's OKE. I think three years ago, the guidance was given that you are hoping to achieve on the original acquisition and you know follow-on this is including maybe 500 million of expected growth CapEx, you are expecting to achieve an all in 6 to 8 times multiple by the end of the decade. It seems like maybe the growth CapEx figures coming well under the 500 million you all envisioned years ago. Do you see that due to efficient but the EBITDA you know expectation would be untacked or how do you see that multiple playing out overtime.
Walter Hulse: Craig, I still thing we still reach that by the end of the decade as we go through especially as we look at all the projects and all the plans that we are looking at right now and how that kind of drills. But we knew it will take us sometime when we bought the assets to get our strategy in place because lot of the plans that are coming on. When we first bough the assets, we are already committed, so we knew we had to wait for the second wave of gas plants have been built that were not committed, and that's where we all right now and we are finding that we can very effectively compete for these gas plants. And so I still think that we will reach that 6 to 8 times by the end of the decade.
Craig Shere: Okay. And one last follow-on. I was under the impression that are original guidance did not corporate any additional upside from associated fractionation, does that continue to be the case and does a 4 to 6 times for 200 million project include or exclude related fractionation?
Walter Hulse: We got to look at it, fractionation is - our fractionation system pulls from all across our assets and then we see growing to the whole things. So it all depends on when those fractionation capacity is needed. As we keep room like this, as Terry mentioned, we will probably end up happened to build more fractionation capacity and we will see the Permian is being able to help support that growth and we will get market rates for that.
Craig Shere: But does that feed into the original multiple expectation for the West Texas acquisition you originally made?
Walter Hulse: The original when we get that originally was more based on just pure cares and not the fractionation piece.
Craig Shere: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey, good morning, Terry.
Terry Spencer: Hey, good morning, Chris.
Chris Sighinolfi: Last think asked and answered. I appreciate all the color, except two follow-ups I could, there more sort of structure. I was just curious you know Bakken has done quite well this year, obviously the DAPL Pipeline was sitting out there for a long term, had a story history to get into service, but that is and we see a clear bit pricing at Permian, I was wondering your conversation with producer counterparts out there, how much the pipeline actually being in place in the pricing dynamic, if that all is shaping decisions and how long they might - how they see that I guess evolving overtime?
Terry Spencer: I mean obviously with DAPL, it clearly anytime we can provide more pipeline takeaway capacity for crude, it benefits the producers from a reliability perspective and also just a net bag perspective. I mean, we typically hear their net bags are maybe 2 or 3 bucks better than they were before DAPL. So you know that's just increased strength and helping their cash flow to fund more drilling.
Kevin Burdick: Certainly operational reliability has have improved significantly.
Terry Spencer: Absolutely, I mean you know you can look at some of the state and in rail who is really taken it downward trend, so that clearly the pipe is going to be more reliable than rail.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess switching gears probably for share and just this is question to Michael Fitzgibbons. What is your expectation, have your guys looked at what happens with ethylene, polyethylene markets when we bring on this much same cracking capacity in the window of time, I am kind of blind what happens for their downstream and so I am just wondering if you could help us think about the effects of that and maybe what you're customers or are saying and thinking about it and if there's an opportunity for you to spend it on that into it?
Terry Spencer: What I would tell you on what we look at Chris for that we hear from our customers on the polyethylene market, so they think that these crackers are going make ethylene but you're already seeing these companies bring on ethylene to polyethylene units. So you're really talking about where the ethylene is going. In worldwide, with the low cost of feedstock so we have the United States they're all saying the Gulf Coast crackers are much further to the left on the supply stack. So if we would overbuild and the world cannot consume that much polyethylene, you will see more the crackers and more east crackers being shut down, maybe some European crackers a long time before you see the Gulf Coast crackers shutdown. So that's why everybody - that's why you are seeing the next wave of crackers being talked about on the Gulf Coast, because this is the most advantage place today to build crackers due to the cost to feed stocks.
Chris Sighinolfi: So the multiyear view then is I guess if I were to paraphrase, it is something similar to what we've seen with other our hydrocarbons where U.S. markets simply because of advantage cost structure pushes out higher costs like globally and so we're basically going to make inroads via exports that's the expectation?
Terry Spencer: That's right. You're exactly right.
Chris Sighinolfi: And if I could, I don't know if you know the answer but are there particular foreign markets we could pay attention to it, maybe get a sense of from where that demand or where that supply competition is going to be most I guess most severe?
Terry Spencer: Well, I think from a demand side, you're going to see the growth from China and India. We also see some from Latin America and maybe a little bit from Europe but China and India are going to be the big movers on the demand side. Competition
Chris Sighinolfi: No, no that's
Terry Spencer: You said on a competition for supply. I think it's a big - don't think it's going to affect that is the gas to oil ratio, if you would see oil and gas on the BTU basis come back closer together and it would become more advantage you may see that would I think where you would see on supply. We are seeing, it depends on how you look at supply competition, obviously we are exploiting propane and ethane which are going to crackers that would compete against polyethylene, against our polyethylene this mean produced in United States, but that still pull hydrocarbon through our system and now the United States.
Chris Sighinolfi: Right. And so I guess the next wave, I guess this is the instant question for me is that if we're seeing the next wave of ethylene crackers that talked about to be built domestically. It would seem like that communities making a determination that the facility better exists here then to export the ethane to whatever foreign market there? Is that - I guess is that fair or is there something about the nature of all this and I don't understand?
Terry Spencer: I think it's a combination you're seeing, where we're seeing in most of the people that want to export ethane for cracking or even propane for cracking are really in India and China and I think they want to build their own facilities over there and get advantage of feed stock from United States. The big the - people that are building the next wave of crackers are the ones that built the first wave, they're going to be obviously already heard about the Exxon Mobil Saavik cracker down the Corpus Cristi that's been announced there's and all the other people are also talking about when do they build their next cracker and all of them are saying it's probably going to be in the Gulf Coast.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Great. I know unrelated to third quarter, but it always good to get your thoughts on market structure over time, so appreciate it.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Chris.
Operator: And that thus conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Terry Spencer: Okay. Well, thank you everyone. Our quite period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until earnings are released after the market closes in late February. Have a great rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this just concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Ziola - Vice President, Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Walt Hulse - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Kevin Burdick - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Sheridan Swords - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids
Analysts: Eric Genco - Citi Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Christine Cho - Barclays Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies Ethan Bellamy - Baird
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 ONEOK Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. And at this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Vicky and good morning everyone and welcome to ONEOKs second quarter earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOKs expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker this morning is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. I would like to start by welcoming Andrew back to the team and I also want to acknowledge T.D. Eureste for his many contributions to our Investor Relations efforts during some of the most challenging times over the last few years. T.D. is now Vice President of our Treasury team. Joining me today on this call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Our second quarter ended with the completion of the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners merger transaction, which included the acquisition of all of the common units of ONEOK Partners we did not previously own. ONEOK is even better positioned to execute our long-term growth strategy for the benefit of both our legacy and new ONEOK shareholders. We have many opportunities for organic growth across our businesses through our diversified and integrated midstream asset footprint in some of the nation's most active shale plays. We can provide our current and new customers with full service midstream capabilities. As I have said before, growth opportunities continued to develop in the areas we operate. Our second quarter 2017 financial results were solid with volume growth in both our gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. Higher average fee rates in our G&P segment and higher transportation revenues from completed expansions in our natural gas pipelines segment. Walt will review our financial results and provide additional color on our 2017 guidance, which was updated to reflect the merger transaction and our business outlook for the rest of 2017. Kevin will discuss our operational results in more detail as well. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK reported strong financial results for the quarter, including healthy dividend coverage of approximately 1.5 times for both the second quarter and through the first half of 2017. As noted in our earnings release, second quarter results included approximately $43 million in one-time and transaction related charges, which impacted second quarter earnings per share by $0.12 per share and dividend coverage by 0.18 times. Last week, we increased our quarterly dividend by 21% to $0.745 cents or $2.98 per share on an annualized basis. The successful completion of the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners merger transaction combined with the proactive steps we have taken to improve our leverage position and balance sheet are being recognized. In July, ONEOK received credit rating upgrades to investment grade from both S&P and Moodys. Both agencies also have established stable outlooks on the company. ONEOKs trailing 12-month GAAP net debt to EBIT was 5x at June 30, including transaction costs, 4.9 times without the transaction costs. We continue to expect to reduce leverage to a target of 4x or less by late 2018 or early 2019 primarily driven by expected growth of adjusted EBITDA. In July, we took additional proactive steps to manage our future debt maturities and liquidity by utilizing ONEOKs cash on hand to immediately reduce commercial paper borrowings, completing a $1.2 billion senior notes offering redeeming all $87 million of our 6.5% senior notes due 2028 and repaying $500 million of our $1 billion term loan due 2019. As a result, we now have nearly $2.2 billion of available capacity on our $2.5 billion credit facility. 2017 guidance has been updated to reflect the June 30 close of the merger transaction with the only adjustment to the midpoint of adjusted EBITDA being the impact of transaction expenses. Our original guidance provided on February 1 did not include the one-time or transaction-related charges I mentioned earlier and the original guidance also assumed a January 1 transaction closing day. We narrowed ONEOKs adjusted EBITDA guidance to a range of $1.89 billion to $2.06 billion and increase our growth capital expenditure range by approximately $70 million to reflect recently announced projects. Please refer to our news release, investor presentation and the 10-Q filings for additional details on the quarter. Ill now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our business segments.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks, Walt. Starting with our natural gas liquids segment, NGL volumes gathered averaged approximately 807,000 barrels per day, a 6% increase compared with the first quarter of 2017 and NGLs fractionated increased 8% compared with the first quarter. Bakken NGL pipeline volumes were up 8% averaging 141,000 barrels per day in the second quarter. NGL volumes gathered from the STACK and SCOOP areas of the Mid-Continent and out of the Permian basin also increased during the second quarter. Mid-Continent volumes increased 4% and volumes on our West Texas LPG pipeline increased 7% compared with the first quarter 2017. The Permian basin remains one of the most active basins in the country and we continue to have promising discussions with producers and processors in both the Midland and Delaware basins to expand our West Texas LPG system to capture expected production growth. We connected two additional third-party natural gas processing plants during the quarter both in the Mid-Continent in addition to the three plants connected in the first quarter of 2017. And we have already connected one additional third-party plant in the Permian basin in the third quarter. The total combined NGL production of these 6 new plants is expected to run to approximately 30,000 barrels per day by the end of 2017 and increased to more than 40,000 barrels per day in 2018. Ethane rejection levels on our NGL system remained relatively unchanged in the second quarter 2017 averaging more than 150,000 barrels per day similar to first quarter levels. We continue to expect an increase in ethane recovery on our system through the remainder of the year as new petrochemical plants are completed. For the natural gas gathering and processing segment, second quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA increased 23% compared with the first quarter 2017 primarily driven by volume growth in the Williston basin and STACK and SCOOP areas. The segments average fee rate was $0.87 per MMBtu in the second quarter 2017 compared with $0.76 per MMBtu in the second quarter of 2016, a 14% increase which was driven by increased volumes on higher fee contracts in the Williston basin. We expect the segments average fee rate to be closer to $0.85 for all of 2017 as our volume mix shifts across regions and contracts depending on producer activity. We achieved our highest level of volumes processed in the Williston Basin during the second quarter, with volumes averaging more than 820 million cubic feet day, a 13% increase compared with the first quarter of 2017. Mid-Continent volumes average more than 690 million cubic feet per day, a 4% increase during the quarter. Despite commodity price fluctuations during the quarter, drilling rigs have remained steady. We currently have more than 30 rigs operating on our dedicated acreage in the Williston basin in approximately 15 rigs on our dedicated acreage in the STACK and SCOOP areas. In the Williston Basin, we connected 108 wells during the second quarter. We expect to connect 400 wells in the basin this year and estimate there are still approximately 300 drilled, but uncompleted wells on our dedicated acreage. With this new production that has recently come online, our available processing capacity is now approximately 150 million cubic feet per day in the Williston Basin. Growth in the Mid-Continent continues to be driven by increased activity and strong production results from our customers in the STACK and SCOOP. Recent activity levels and production results continued to exceed expectations. We connected 27 wells in the Mid-Continent during the second quarter and we expect to connect approximately 100 wells on our dedicated acreage in the Mid-Continent in 2017 as our volume ramp is expected to be weighted more towards the second half of the year. In the natural gas pipelines segment, second quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA increased 18% compared with the same period in 2016. The segment continues to benefit from higher fee based earnings driven by increased firm contracted capacity in connection with the expansions of our West Texas transmission pipeline and our Permian Basin joint venture Road Runner pipeline, which will both completed in October 2016. In our earnings release, we provided updated segment specific guidance and volume expectations. Overall, we have increased adjusted EBITDA for our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas pipelines segments and increased our G&P volume outlook. These increases were primarily driven by higher than projected volumes in the Williston Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas and our expectation that drilling and completion activity will remain strong through the second half of the year based on recent discussions with our producer customers. We narrowed our adjusted EBITDA guidance in the natural gas liquids segment reflecting adjustments for the timing of the expected volume increases from recently connected third-party plants. In mid-June, we announced NGL and natural gas related expansion projects totaling approximately $170 million to accommodate growth in the STACK area. Projects include a 60,000 barrel per day expansion of our Sterling III NGL pipeline, increasing its capacity to 250,000 barrels per day and additional NGL gathering system expansions in the area, which are all backed by a long-term contract and plant dedications. These expansions are expected to be complete by the end of 2018. Additionally, we announced the construction of a 30 mile natural gas pipeline through the heart of the STACK to connect with an existing third-party natural gas processing plant in Oklahoma, which will provide us access to an additional 200 million cubic feet per day of capacity and is expected to be in service by the end of 2017. And most recently on Monday, we announced plans to expand our Canadian Valley natural gas processing facility in the STACK area of Western Oklahoma. The project will increase capacity at the facility to 400 million cubic feet per day from 200 million cubic feet per day and is expected to be complete by the end of 2018. It also will provide approximately 20,000 barrels per day of additional volume into our NGL gathering system. Combined with the third-party processing agreement I just mentioned, this plant will bring our total Oklahoma processing capacity to 1.1 billion cubic feet per day. The additional capacity is needed to support the rapidly growing production in the area and is backed by more than 200,000 acres of dedication primarily fee-based contracts and minimum volume commitments. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. A couple final comments as it relates to our future growth projects before we take your questions. We continue to grow our backlog of potential capital growth projects that we are working hard to develop and earn customer commitments. Once we do so we will certainly announce those projects. Additionally I am confident that over time, we will add to our backlog as we have done in the past. We expect to continue to grow in our existing businesses and continue to focus on applying our core capabilities to create value for our customers and investors. Finally, I want to thank our employees for their continued hard work, dedication and commitment and operating our systems safely, reliably and environmentally, responsibly every day. Operator, we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question today from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Please go ahead.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning, guys.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Shneur.
Shneur Gershuni: Just two questions here, the first one is with respect to guidance, I was wondering if you can square something for me, I recognized that you have raised guidance at the operational level, because of Bakken volumes, however when I look at the kind of the midpoint it doesnt suggest a surge in volumes, but at the same time I look at your performance, I look at comments from E&P producers, it seems like the  your volume guidance should have been a little bit higher in the  in the Bakken, is there a hint of conservatism or is there a bottleneck that we should be thinking about. And then staying on the guidance question, the NGL segment revision sounds like its a delay in some [indiscernible] by producer, is that just shifting earnings into next year, I was just wondering if you can give a little bit of color about that as well?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Shneur, this is Kevin, I will take the G&P question first. No, I dont know that we believe there is conservatism built into our volume guidance for that we provided. One thing when we think about the Williston, to me look you do the math, we are showing that we are going to need to grow in Q3 and Q4 to meet the midpoint of the processed volume guidance. The other dynamic going on there especially what the Williston is winter. So we have to  we learned from January, last January and February that we do have a little bit of winter weather factor built into that guidance as well. As we look from an NGL repeat  could you repeat the question on NGL side again.
Shneur Gershuni: On the NGL I was wondering if you can give just a little more color as to why the revisions there is it something that rolls into 18 or how should we think about that?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The downward revision, small revision to our volumes in the EBITDA on the NGL segment was related to timing. We clearly, dont see that as a change in our point of view on the activity levels. It literally was just as that the specific timing the plants came online and how the volumes then are ramping. So yes, it would be, we dont necessarily see our exit rates changing, it was more a factor of when they came online and how that played into the full year average.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then a final bigger picture question, when I sort of look at Oneoks earnings performance and CapEx spend over the last 2 years, relative to your peers your capital investment intensity has been fairly low, I do recognize that you havent announced capital investments, but relatively speaking versus earnings growth which has been much higher than your CapEx expense, are there more opportunities to continue growing your business while keeping your capital intensity on the lower side. I suspect you have done some off-take agreements and asset optimizations, but is that largely done and future growth will kind of have a corresponding one-for-one investment in CapEx or are there more opportunities continue growing earnings without the same intensity on CapEx that we see in some peers?
Terry Spencer: Shneur, I will  let me make a couple of comments and then if the Kevin has got some of that he can follow-up. We do have some more opportunity in terms of  in terms of taking advantage of the headroom that we have in our businesses. That will kind of come and go and we will kind of work those opportunities dependent upon whats out there in terms of the G&P landscape. So that will be a bit of a moving target, but we think there is more opportunity to do that. But I think just fundamentally speaking we are going to see more capital spend going forward than we have seen from our traditional run rates over the last couple of years, just based upon the fundamentals that we are seeing the strong rig counts that we are seeing right underneath our noses. So I do expect that run rate to increase as we continue to develop those projects and those projects that hit the full menu of services that we provide NGLs, G&P, fractionation and what have you, so as those come together and materialize, we will adjust our backlog of unannounced growth projects appropriately and certainly we will provide you more color as we move forward. Okay, Kevin anything that you would add there.
Shneur Gershuni: Great. Thank you very much guys. I appreciate the color.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: Well go to Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: Hi, good morning. I guess this is going to touch on the last question a bit, but in terms of the extension with Canadian Valley, you are getting 200 a day for 145 million to 155 million. I am just thinking back to the  before the commodity price collapse of 2015, you had plans for the Knox plant 200 a day again for 365 to 470 million. So, from a cost per capacity standpoint, this is clearly better. My question is why not choose to expand Canadian Valley in the first place over Knox a few years ago? And then is there something thats changed perhaps in location of where Knox is going to go that makes it less necessary or is there potential to revive that plant. How should we think about all that?
Kevin Burdick: Hi, Eric. This is Kevin. Yes, three is a variety of things I think that are going on with that Delta. Sorry we had some weird feedback here. First I would say yes when we announced Knox it was a completely different business environment at that point. I mean it was the heyday of the growth and so that drove costs for materials and services were higher. The second thing is the rationale for the Knox location was at that point in time the SCOOP was really the hot play and thats where the majority of the activity was and Knox is geographically right in the heart of the SCOOP. And then  so as the drilling activity shifted a little bit to the north and the STACK became really a prolific play, we started taking a look and thats where our volumes were going to show up and therefore being able to leverage the facility  existing facilities at the Canadian Valley site became the appropriate place to put that next tranche of capacity we are bringing online. That also had an indirect effect of the gas coming on in the STACK where we had a significant amount of infrastructure already in place, so that also drove down the field infrastructure necessary for the plant as well. So, a combination of all those factors we still have is the stack matures, we still have the ability we could put another train at that same facility. If the SCOOP continues to evolve that wouldnt preclude us from putting another plant down at the Knox site that we have referred to previously.
Eric Genco: Okay thats very helpful. And then just real quick on the NGL segment showed an 11% increase sequentially in operating costs versus 6% in volumes and you talked about your ability last quarter to run the Bakken NGL line above nameplate in this quarter EAA did. Did that cost you on the operating expense front or is there something else going on there and what is the status of the pipeline expansion there? As 3Q 18 is still a good target you come earlier would be good if it did 20 years Dawson capacity there and then possible expansions beyond the 160?
Terry Spencer: Yes. I will start from a cost standpoint, no, there was no relationship between the cost increase and in the capacity on the pipeline that was purely we had timing impact of some maintenance and expense projects that occurred in the second quarter. As we think about the Bakken capacity, we still have some headroom. We have said it will run nameplate. Clearly, we are having conversations with a variety of our customers both in the not just in the Bakken, but also the powder and that in the DJ about additional capacity. So, we were working through what that expansion might look like the timing of such.
Operator: Okay. We will now take our next question from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks and good morning everyone. In the G&P segment, NGL sales volumes average 186,000 barrels per day. I recall on the last quarters call we talked about the delta year-over-year being driven by ethane recoveries. And since we are talking about ethane recoveries being essentially flat between the first and second quarters, I wanted to make sure that, that increase is just driven by propane plus?
Terry Spencer: Yes that volume was entirely driven by propane plus.
Danilo Juvane: Got it. And second question for me, I didnt see anything in the release, so I apologize if I missed it, but typically you disclosed your equity NGL data and customarily also report hedges that, that you often update. Did you firstly update the hedges and is there any equity NGL data available?
Terry Spencer: That will be part our two that we will file here today, so yes we didnt put it in the earnings release, but it will be in the 10-Q.
Danilo Juvane: Thank you. Thats it for me.
Operator: Well go to Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hi, good morning everyone. I am wondering can you give us an update on where things stand on the West Texas LPG line and the case there? Thanks.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, on West Texas, we are still in the process. From the rate case standpoint, the ALJ has the information and we are awaiting on that and we continue to expect we will have resolution on that by the end of the year and are confident in our case.
Michael Blum: Okay. And then little bit of a nitpicky question, but just wonder if you can provide a little background on, there is a footnote in these release related to contribution to the ONEOK foundation of 20,000 shares that had a value $20 million, which looks like was part of the adjusted EBITDA calculation. Can you just kind of talk about whats going on there?
Walt Hulse: Yes, sure. Michael, this is Walt. The ONEOK Foundation was a foundation that we created in 1997 to support the communities that we operate in. Over the course of the last several years, we havent made any contributions to that given the business environment and with the closing of the transaction, we saw it as an opportune time to true up that foundation and made a contribution of $20 million in the form of a preferred stock.
Michael Blum: Okay. So, on a go forward historically I guess before the last 3 years, you would be systematically contributing and that would be running through the statements?
Walt Hulse: Thats correct. And it was periodic. It was not necessarily annual event just from time-to-time.
Michael Blum: Okay, alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well go to Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. I actually wanted to start on West Texas. One of your customers there announced plans to build their own NGL pipeline, which would imply that they are pulling volumes off your system once that comes online. Would you be able to give us an idea of how much you are expecting to come off and how we should think about the outlook for the pipeline and whether or not we should think that the expansion that you guys have previously talked about gets pushed out?
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. Look, I cant take specifically how much any shipper on the pipeline moves, but what I can tell you is no shipper on our system moves more than 25% of the volume on that. So, everybody is below 25%. And if we would lose volume then we do know that pipeline coming in. We are highly confident that we will be able to re-contract that volume at definitely better rates than we are getting today, because we are getting the lower rates and also that would give us the opportunity to offer bundled services to also get practices in there. And actually we are working very diligently and close to have an expansion on the West Texas pipeline back by customers and we dont see this new pipeline having any impact at all on the timing of that expansion?
Christine Cho: Sheridan, you might clarify, when you said you cant provide that information you might clarify, why thats the case?
Sheridan Swords: The West Texas pipeline is a regulated pipeline and we cant  as an operator of that pipeline divulge shipper  specific shipper information. We can only give generalities about what it is. Thats why I say nobody is greater than 25%. I cant tell you specifically what that one customer has.
Christine Cho: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. And then on the Canadian Valley expansion is that being driven by new acreage dedications or faster than expected ramp on production for from existing acreage dedications? Also, if you could talk about the ability to add more trains at this facility if there is need? And lastly how should we think about the need or potential for Arbuckle Sterling expansion beyond Sterling III with these additional volumes?
Kevin Burdick: Hey, Christine, its Kevin. Yes, when we look at the STACK in general, obviously the production growth we have seen and you just back up away from our specific G&P presence and you look at what the producers are doing in the region, its been pretty staggering with some of the results they have reported here over the last several months. So, most of the  the vast majority of the capacity needed is going to be to serve existing acreage dedications that we have and under long-term contracts. We have added a few small additional contracts here and there. But the primary expansion and the capacity is needed to serve those existing just more growth on those existing contracts. And yes we do as I mentioned earlier we have the ability to put at least one more train and potentially two at the Canadian Valley facility as the STACK continues to grow. And again when you are looking it over hundred rigs in the STACK and SCOOP combined, clearly as we are talking and in Sheridans business and the NGL side talking to a variety of processors and producers an expansion of our  additional expansions needed to our book or are not out of the question.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. And then just going off the STACK/SCOOP, several weeks prior to the announcement of the expansion on Canadian Valley you guys announced that you would be offloading 200 million cubic feet a day processing from that region to a third-party plants, could you explain why these volumes arent being directed to the Canadian Valley plant, is it more of a timing thing, a geographical thing or anb economic decision?
Terry Spencer: Is was really all the above, we havent  we just had an attractive opportunity presented and we work with our counterparty and the combination of timing and we were able to get this capacity in place sooner than we would have built. We would have been able to build an existing train and obviously economics factored in. We wouldnt have done it if it wasnt attractive to us and our customers.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers is next.
Craig Shere: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning Craig.
Craig Shere: It looks like on Slide 4 of the deck that NGLs volume were up sequentially, pretty well and that was also highlighted in the prepared remarks, but on Slide 7 there is some commentary about consequential operating performance, down $9.9 million forward margin on seasonal product demand, is this more a product mix issue, is this something we should see annually does it have anything to do with the adjustments to volumes for the year unexpected third-party interconnects?
Kevin Burdick: No Craig, this is Kevin. No, its nothing we  yes, it is seasonal. So from the standpoint of what we expect and in fact when we  if you look at last year as we were explaining our second quarter, we had similar seasonal impacts. This is volume shipped on our north system that are seasonal in nature and so thats whats driving that aspect. The other  the cost side is what I referenced earlier it was just a timing. Typically as we come out of winner, we end up having a higher level of maintenance and expense project activity and thats what drove that increase sequential quarter-to-quarter from a cost perspective.
Craig Shere: But if the overall volumes on your system higher sequentially, it is a simply product mix can you explain that a little more?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The volumes that we are talking about, the volume growth isnt necessarily on the distribution system. Some of the earnings is shown up in the exchange services side of the business. So the volume specifically in the margin on the transportation side is related to that seasonal North system.
Craig Shere: Okay. And then a follow-up on Shneurs question about unannounced growth projects, I think you all have already announced with two press releases about $300 million in aggregate growth CapEx, an opportunity set that was previously described that $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion as you think about our book goal and this expansion maybe over the Overland past JV needing some expanded capacity over time that additional GMP capacity requirements, do you see this $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion opportunities set reduced by about $300 million, do you see some additions on the ground expanding, contracting from that initial outlook?
Terry Spencer: Craig, now we dont see it reducing. We see it go in the other direction just given the fundamentals that we are seeing under our footprint today.
Craig Shere: And in terms of the timing for Terry, we didnt have huge dollar amounts relative to your historic spend announced, I mean we did have a couple of nice announcements, could you see more material announcements in the second half here?
Terry Spencer: We could see that, certainly in the second half we could see it in the early 2018.
Craig Shere: Great, I appreciate the help.
Terry Spencer: You bet.
Operator: Next is Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey Terry, good morning.
Terry Spencer: Hi good morning Chris.
Chris Sighinolfi: Just want to  we are at the point in the call, a lot of the big new have been hit, so I wanted to hit on some of the maybe some of it set additional items, but on the optimization and marketing commentary and I know I have inquired with Sharon about this in the past, but it looks like if I were to follow sort of the Opus prices or the Bentek [ph] reported prices that regional spreads on prices and intra-product price perhaps present an opportunity for greater optimization in marketing year-on-year, do you highlighted in the release that there was actually a headwind, so I am just I know its a complicated series of decisions around the optimization in marketing activities and so I didnt know if there was a simplistic way to plan maybe what happened in the market year-over-year net to what we are seeing on the quoted prices?
Sheridan Swords: Chris really this is Sheridan, year-on-year most of that or all of that delta thats down decrease was due to our marketing activity. And really it was due to timing on our inventory that we have sold out in fourth quarter, third and fourth quarter that we have seen prices drop in the second quarter that we will realize that back in the fourth quarter, third and fourth quarter when those sales come on. So its all in marketing it was not in optimization.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And thats something just to clarify what you just said, is that something you saw last year in the fourth quarter are you saying, we would expect to see it in the back half of this year some of these gains in the back.?
Sheridan Swords: Actually last year we had the opposite effect, where we had inventory and prices rose last year and thats in the second quarter. So we kind of got a little bit of two different things going on with our inventory, but the cells are out there in the fourth  third and fourth quarter work what will realize higher third and fourth quarter on the marketing for the decrease in the second quarter.
Chris Sighinolfi: Got it, okay, perfect. And then I guess following-up on the change in the gathered volumes for NGL gathered volumes versus a static forecast on what you were expecting or what you are still expecting on the frac side, just looking at that if I think about $25 million of segment EBITDA decline on 25,000 barrels a day of full year movement on the guidance [Technical Difficulty] by somewhere around $0.065 a gallon, I know when you quote the regional areas some include frac, some dont and it would seem like thats more aligned with an area that includes fractionation services thats if an absent, so I am just wondering were you  was that gathering amount planned to be frac then you were just sort of previously at the high end of where you thought the frac items would be and backgrounds with metal or how do we interpret I guess the financial implications of the volume if you could help us with that would be helpful?
Sheridan Swords: Whether the volumes got spread out over the whole system, but I would say most of that we were planning on cracking.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, perfect. I guess one follow-up question Michael Blum asked earlier with regard to the preferred equity placement that the contribution, is there an associated  it looks like there is an associated preferred distribution on that at least recorded small very small quarter, just wanted if you give us a sense what the run rate on that might be?
Derek Reiners: Sure its a 5.5% preferred on the $20 million. So its reasonably immaterial in the overall scheme of things.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. So just relatable well that comes out every quarter, its not an audit  its not twice a year, every quarter?
Derek Reiners: Its quarterly, yes.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And then I guess final question for me, we have seen a very nice up-tick, continued up-tick in the average be on your GMP activities, I am guessing based on your earlier commentary that that might I think talking about that maybe sliding back down a little bit given a composition of volumes, I am assuming since it continued to rise that the surprise, upside surprise on Williston Basin activity, I am just wondering how you think about that progressing now given what the activity has been, I think you have said $0.85 for the full year, I guess any help in how you are thinking about producer activity across the [indiscernible] has been moved into 2018 would be really helpful?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Chris, this is Kevin. We clearly see growth in both our regions in the Williston and in the Mid-Continent of STACK and SCOOP primarily. As we move forward, so yes the fee rate will move around just literally quarter-to-quarter as that volume mix changes between a little bit higher fee rates in the Williston versus the Mid-Continent, so as the volume growth kind of shifts from one to the other that that fee rate will move around. We still feel good about $0.85-ish through the rest of this year or for the full year. How that moves around will just depend literally on the timing of individual well completions and how the volumes grow sequential quarter-to-quarter.
Chris Sighinolfi: So Kevin, its fair to say that you should  we are probably not going to see any step function changes in that weighted average fee rate?
Kevin Burdick: No, part of the reason for the pretty significant step up from Q1 to Q2 was because we had the severe weather impact to the Williston volumes in Q1, so that as those volumes grew substantially relatively  comparatively thats what drove up the fee rate. But going forward no, we shouldnt see step change functions in that fee rate.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. So does the tone we are in right now is a pretty comfortable [indiscernible] found around sort of high to low pace on competition quarter-to-quarter, is that a fair understanding?
Kevin Burdick: Yes.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. I really appreciate the time this morning.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks Chris.
Operator: We will go to Ethan Bellamy with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ethan Bellamy: Hi guys. Good morning. Hey, you have just  you guys have done a really great job in the past few years of a multi-year strategic shift in financial structure and with the [indiscernible] on you now have a really good cost of capital whats next, whats the next corporate strategy goal, is it more aggressive on M&A, I mean where do you go?
Terry Spencer: Well, Ethan as far as aggressiveness on them M&A nothing has really changed in terms of our view. From an M&A perspective we are always interested in strategic opportunities, certainly the challenge associated with those as actionability as you are well aware. But our strategy remains heavily organically focused and certainly where are we building off this big asset footprint that we have, the incremental returns or the incremental investments that we are making and the returns that we are seeing are very attractive. And we will stay focused on taking care of our customer needs, building off of this existing footprint. And then from time-to-time, acquisition opportunities if they present themselves and they fit with this with this NGL centric kind of strategy that we have certainly we will pursue those. But thats kind of help things
Ethan Bellamy: So the sea change in your cost of capital really havent changed your strategy or the way you are thinking about growing things?
Kevin Burdick: It really hasnt, I mean we are certainly from a business perspective and as we think about our growth strategies, they are still spot on with where we have been in the past. I will tell you that we are all  we have always been in a prospecting mode in terms of M&A regardless of our structure. And we are still there, but they got to certainly make sense, got to make a lot of sense for us.
Ethan Bellamy: Okay. And then one really granular question, how much behind pipe gas in the block and is still low hanging fruit in terms of capturing things are being flared right now?
Terry Spencer: When you say behind pipe, are you talking about it from a geologic perspective?
Ethan Bellamy: Yes. I am?
Terry Spencer: Okay. So Three Forks, are you comfort Kevin.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I heard a couple of question. You just want to get at how much low hanging fruit from a flaring perspective?
Ethan Bellamy: Yes. Well, I am just thinking about maybe also something thats getting flared now, but you know that there is going to be some wells drilled. You dont have pipe in the area now that kind of I am just trying to get a sense for the opportunity there, because I know a lot of your volume catch-up has been intrinsic, going out and capturing that that for a gas?
Terry Spencer: Now, we have  in large part we have captured a good chunk of that low hanging fruit. I mean we still estimate we may have 60 million to 70 million cubic feet a day flaring behind our system. But again thats as our volumes have grown we have lowered, at the same time we have lowered that flared gas. So there is always going to be some level of flaring. We might estimate 30 million to 40 million a day thats just going to be ongoing. So there may be another 20 million that we are continuing to pursue that you would kind of call low hanging fruit. But for the most part our operations team has done a fantastic job and relative to the rest of the basin our flaring is well below the statewide averages.
Ethan Bellamy: And is the state left in your face about this now?
Terry Spencer: Well, yes from the standpoint of the industry in total is delivered and specifically yes. So yes, from the standpoint that industry stepped up and has met the flaring targets and is  and it takes it extremely seriously. And as we worked with our customers to drive the flaring down, yes it is it is limited and eased the pressure.
Ethan Bellamy: Good to hear. Thanks gentlemen.
Terry Spencer: Great. Thanks Ethan.
Operator: And that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back to Andrew Ziola for any additional or closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for joining us. Our quite period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extend till our earnings are released after the market closes in early November. Again, thank you for joining us and feel free to follow-up with me in the coming days. Have a good rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you very much. And that does conclude our conference for today. I would thank everyone for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Derek Reiners - Chief Financial Officer Kevin Burdick - Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President of Wes Christensen Operations Sheridan Swords - SVP, Natural Gas Liquids
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Christine Cho - Barclays Eric Genco - Citi Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies John Edwards - Credit Suisse Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers
Operator: Good day and welcome to the First Quarter 2017 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to today's host Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and many thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Along this conference call today is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Burdick, Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President of Wes Christensen Operations. Before I hand over the call to Derek, I have a few brief opening remarks. Our first quarter 2017 financial results have a soft to a solid start for the year. As expected, we have seen volume growth across our business segments as we begin the second quarter. I would like to reiterate that ONEOK's 2017 guidance expectations have not changed. We continue to expect volumes to be weighted towards the second half of the year in both the natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segment. In the natural gas liquid segment, we expect increases in NGLs gathered and fractionated as a result of anticipated increases in ethane exports and the startup of new world scale petrochemical facilities, as well as benefits from the ramp-up of recently connected natural gas processing plants and increased drilling activity. The increase in producer rig activity across our natural gas gathering and processing footprint also supports the second half of the year of natural gas gathered and processed volume ramp. We're excited about the pending merger transaction with ONEOK Partners, which better positions us to continue to execute on our long runway of organic growth opportunities. These growth opportunities are driven by our extensive and integrated asset footprint, well position in several active shale place providing our customers with full service capabilities in many areas. I'll now turn the call over to Derek for a brief discussion of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' financials. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK maintained a healthy nearly 1.3x dividend coverage in the first quarter of 2017 based on cash flow available for dividends and had more than $300 million in cash and an undrawn $300 million credit facility. In our 2017 financial guidance announcement on February 1, we provided guidance for ONEOK's full year of 2017 distributable cash flow on a post transaction basis. ONEOK's first quarter 2017 distributable cash flow, the metric we plan to use following the transaction totaled nearly $325 million with a dividend coverage ratio of 1.46x, reflecting our excess coverage on a consolidated basis. ONEOK's higher dividend coverage over the long term is expected to provide greater flexibility, enabling us to reinvest in the business, reduce the need to access the capital market's post transaction and sustain a level of dividend growth as market conditions fluctuate. As Terry mentioned, ONEOK's 2017 guidance has not changed and includes an expected 21% dividend increase to $0.745 or $2.98 per share on an annualized basis for the first quarterly dividend following the completion of the transaction, with subsequent dividend growth of 9% to 11% annually through 2021. Additionally, we expect to reduce consolidated debt to adjusted EBITDA to around our target of 4x by late 2018 or early 2019, driven by expected growth in adjusted EBITDA and the use of excess cash on hand to repay debt or fund capital growth projects. The partnership's higher first quarter results reflected increased fee-based services across our footprint which drove higher first quarter adjusted EBITDA in all three business segments compared to the same period last year. ONEOK Partners' distribution coverage ratio was 1.10x for the first quarter of 2017. I'd like to note that we took January's severe weather effect on volumes, primarily in the Williston basin into account when setting 2017 financial expectations. The total impact of which was approximately $8 million in our gathering and processing in NGL segments. Terry will provide more details on the recovery of our volumes as well. The process towards closing the merger transaction continues to go smoothly and we expect to close the transaction late in the second quarter, early in the third quarter. We filed our amended Form S-4 with the SEC on April 21 and are working through the SEC review process. Once the SEC declares our Form S-4 effective, both companies will mail the joint proxy statement to shareholders and unit holders for special meetings of ONEOK shareholders and ONEOK Partners unit holders to vote on the transaction. We will communicate the timing of the meetings accordingly. Last month we executed a new $2.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility to replace the existing ONEOK and ONEOK Partners credit facilities. The new facility will be available upon the closing of the merger transaction and the termination of the existing credit facilities. Finally, first quarter results include approximately $7 million in costs associated with the proposed merger transaction including approximately $1.1 million in cost at the partnership. I'll now hand the call back over to Terry.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Let's take a closer look at each of our business segments. Starting with our natural gas liquid segment, first quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA for the segment increased 3% year-over-year and 10% compared with the fourth quarter of 2016. Results benefited from increased optimization marketing from wider NGL location priced differentials, increased volumes from recently connected natural gas processing plants and increased ethane recovery. Since the first quarter, we've seen the Conway to Mount Belleveu NGL pricing differentials narrowed slightly. However, we still anticipate a modest optimization benefit in the second quarter and expect the price differentials for the remainder of the year to be close to $0.03 per gallon for ethane. We continue seeing the volume benefit from the six third party natural gas processing plants, connected to our system in 2016 and as expected, we connected three additional third party plants to our system in the first quarter 2017, one each in the Permian basin, Mid-Continent and rocky mountain regions. We also remain on track to connect three additional plants this year, including two plants in the Mid-Continent and one in the Permian basin. The total combined NGL production of these six new plants is expected to ramp up to approximately 30,000 barrels per day by the end of 2017, an increase to approximately 40,000 barrels per day in 2018. Our new NGL plant connections in 2016 and 2017 combined with increased drilling activity across our footprint due to lower breakeven costs and improved well productivity are expected to drive NGL volume growth from the SCOOP and STACK areas, the Permian basin and [indiscernible] NGL pipeline through the remainder of 2017. Ethane rejection levels on our NGL system decreased to an average of more than 150,000 barrels per day in the first quarter 2017, compared with an average of more than 175,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2016 and an average of more than 175,000 per day in the fourth quarter 2016. We continue to expect ethane throughput to increase in the second half of the year as demand increases from three new petrochemical plants coming online the remainder of 2017 and capacity utilization increases at existing ethane export facilities. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment, first quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA increased 4% compared with the first quarter 2016 primarily driven by higher fee-based revenues from restructured contracts. The segment's average fee rate was $0.83 per MMBTU in the first quarter 2017, compared with $0.68 per MMBTU in the first quarter of 2016, a more than 20% increase. We expect the segment's average fee rate to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.85 for 2017. Severe winter weather in January impacted first quarter volumes processed, primarily in the Williston basin. Volumes have since recovered with natural gas volumes processed in the Williston basin averaging more than 800 million cubic feet per day in April, which is above our November 2016 average of approximately 780 million cubic feet per day and a new monthly average high for ONEOK in the basin. Producer activity levels continue to increase as there are approximately 30 drilling rigs currently operating on ONEOK's dedicated acreage in the basin, up from 20 rigs at the beginning of 2017. Recent reports show there are nearly 50 total drilling rigs operating in the Williston basin, which means more than 60% of the rigs operating in the basin are on our dedicated acreage. We connected 75 wells during the first quarter and we estimate there are still approximately 300 drilled but uncompleted wells on our dedicated acreage in the basin. We currently have approximately 175 million cubic feet per day of available capacity, compared with the 200 million cubic feet per day we indicated previously. It's a similar story in the STACK and SCOOP areas with producers' increasing activity and moving additional drilling rigs onto our acreage. We have approximately 12 rigs on our dedicated acreage in the Mid-Continent and expect this number to increase through the remainder of the year as well production results have continued to improve for our producer customers. In the natural gas pipeline segment, first quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA increased 12%, compared with the same period in 2016. The segment continues to benefit from higher fee-based earnings driven by increased firm contracted capacity and capital growth projects recently placed into service. In the first quarter 2017, the segment saw the benefit from operations of the ONEOK West Texas pipeline expansion and the roadrunner gas transmission pipeline including the full revenue from Phase 2 of the roadrunner pipeline which was placed in service in October 2016. These projects provide additional fee-based earnings and expand the partnership's connectivity of producers in the Permian basin within used markets. The segment continues to expand its operations this year with additional fee-based capital growth projects including the 100 million cubic feet per day, west bound expansion of the ONEOK gas transmission pipeline out of the STACK and the 55 million cubic feet per day pipeline which will provide transportation storage services to an electric generation plant near Oklahoma City. Both projects are currently under construction with the electric plant connection project expected to be complete in the third quarter of 2017 and the OGT expansion to be complete in the second quarter 2018. We are actively engaged in discussions with producers for long term natural gas takeaway solutions in the Permian basin and the STACK and SCOOP areas. In the Permian basin, these projects could include an expansion of our roadrunner pipeline to provide more natural gas supply to Mexico or an expansion or extension of our ONEOK West Texas pipeline system. In the STACK and SCOOP place, we believed there will be a number of additional opportunities to expand our ONEOK gas transmission pipeline system to move more natural gas to on system markets, as well as provide natural gas takeaway options out of the play. Now, more than four months into 2017, our visibility for the remainder of the year continues to improve. We reaffirmed our financial guidance and continued to gain confidence in the producer and end user market activity across our footprint as drilling rig counts continue to increase in the basins we serve and ethane demand increases. We're excited about the remainder of the year and [indiscernible] ahead for ONEOK as we approach the anticipated completion of the ONEOK and ONEOK Partner's merger transaction. We have a long runway of potential growth opportunities with $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion of growth projects under development. We are focused on executing our long-term strategy and operating as one of the country's leading midstream energy companies. Thank you to our employees for their continued hard work and dedication and thank you to our investors for your continued support. Before we take questions, I have one additional announcement and thank you that I'd like to extend. Yesterday, ONEOK board member Kevin McCarthy tendered his resignation from the Board of Directors. Due to increasing responsibilities related to his position as Chairman of the Board of Kayne Anderson acquisition corp which recently completed its initial public offering, Kevin has elected to remove himself from the ONEOK Board of Directors effective immediately. Kevin has been a valued board member and key contributor to our company since joining the board in December of 2015. His deep experience in the energy industry and knowledge of the financial markets will be deeply missed. We thank him for his many contributions, the experience, wisdom and most importantly, his friendship. We wish Kevin well in his future endeavors. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question today from Shneur Gershuni with UBS. Please go ahead.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi. Terry, I wanted to start off with - it's almost like a two-part question - but I was wondering if you can talk about how much spare capacity you have across the company broadly to handle growth? Or one way to measure it maybe is how much EBITDA growth can you have or can you experience without spending any incremental capital? The reason I ask this question is when I sort of look at proposed CapEx for '17 and '18 and kind of compare it to your market cap and enterprise value, it seems on the low side. So I just wanted to know if we're approaching max fairly soon as to where the EBITDA growth can be or is there a lot of spare capacity out there alternatively? Are there projects that you're reviewing with the board and we can actually see that number go up? I'm just wondering if you can comment on that broadly.
Terry Spencer: Sure. I'll actually let Kevin take that capacity part of the question.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Shneur, we still see the available capacity. Terry referenced 175 million a day we have in the Williston for processing. We're probably in the 75 million a day range in the Mid-Continent from a processing G&P standpoint. On the liquid side, we're still in that 30,000 to 40,000 barrels a day of capacity on the NGL system that we had to grow into and then we've talked quite a bit about there are some expansions we can do for tremendous amount of incremental capital to get us up to maybe 100,000 barrels a day of incremental capacity along the NGL side.
Terry Spencer: Shneur, the only thing I'd add to Kevin's comment is that when we think about what that operating leverage provides to us from an EBITDA perspective, I think we've said publicly in the past the 20% to 30% potential impact to EBITDA, assuming it kind of normalized $50 a barrel type pricing environment. That just gives you a sense of the earnings potential if we're able to take advantage of this excess capacity which we fully expect to do.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then as a follow-up question. I'm not sure if you saw the Enable announcement earlier today, but as I sort of look at what they announced, it seems like they're basically moving unprocessed volumes out of the basin as a synthetic takeaway solution. When I think about the broader impact, I'm not processing it in the basin, I'm processing it outside of the basin and it's seems like basically taking away an NGL, take away opportunity for ONEOK. I'm trying to understand, is that an opportunity loss and if somebody else is moving it, or is it an opportunity cost? Could we see as a connect that some of their volumes that might have been going on your system move further down into Texas and so forth? I'm wondering if you could have some early thoughts on that announcement?
Terry Spencer: First comment I'll make is that I think that what the announcement were, yes, we're aware of it. I think what the shows you or provides you is an indication of the strength in display and how much activity there is. I think in terms of potential impact to ONEOK, we don't see any - at least given what we know of the project today. We don't see any impact to our existing business. Enable has, just like they always had, they had a very strong position across Western Oklahoma with their gathering and processing business. Well, I don't see this change in the competitive landscape. They were either going to build that process in capacity on location, or they were going to seek a third party to process it for them and that's what they've done. So I don't think that announcement in it of itself, the access to additional capacity doesn't surprise us at all and broadly speaking, doesn't change really the competitive landscape which has always been competitive in the Mid-Continent.
Shneur Gershuni: So your forecast didn't contemplate where they built the processing plan? Because if they build it on site, then you would have had an opportunity to move those NGLs and now that it's off site. If so, it has really either an opportunity loss, it's certainly not a cost. Right? There's no negative impact?
Terry Spencer: That's right. It's not a cost.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay.
Terry Spencer: I'll ask Sheridan Swords. Do you have anything to add?
Sheridan Swords: Yes. The plants that are on the ground for Enable are dedicated to us for a long period of time. And we see them filling those plants and coming to us. So we see this more as an opportunity loss that's in liquids that we could have got, have moved out the basin. But I would say as we're talking to many other people right now that have a lot of liquids that will be coming to us in the future.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect.
Terry Spencer: Shneur, the only other comment I'll make is that obviously if that's a path for NGLs to make it down to the Barnett Shale and if that's some indication that Barnett Shale plants are going to be increasing their NGL production, obviously, we're in the Barnett Shale today and certainly as if NGLs materialize in the Barnett as a result of this project or any other projects, we stand there ready, willing and able to compete for that business.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. That makes sense. I just wanted to make sure it wasn't a negative. It's a neutral, it's how it looks. Okay, perfect.
Terry Spencer: That's how it look to us. It's not surprising. Enable needed to do something, needed to come up with some capacity to serve their specific customers just like we have to serve our dedicated customers.
Shneur Gershuni: Perfect. Great. Thank you very much, guys. I really appreciate the color and detail.
Unidentified Executive: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now go to Christine Cho with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. I wanted to actually maybe start on in the Bakken. The volumes on your Bakken NGL line are approaching capacity, yet your expansion on the pipe isn't scheduled until third quarter next year. Can you run above name plate? And if so, by how much? Why wouldn't you accelerate the expansion to be sooner? Do you not think it's necessary? And would this also require more expansion on pipe somewhere downstream like [indiscernible] or Sterling, beyond Sterling III.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Christine. This is Kevin. The quick answer is yes, we do believe in many cases as we've build assets, they can perform better than designed and we believe the Bakken pipeline is no different. We have been able to operate the pipeline above the name plate. We potentially could get to the 145-150 range, we believe, operating safely. We got some head room that we have, we continue to evaluate the producer activity coming out of the Williston and are accordingly looking at a variety of different options for the expansion and potentially even larger than has been than we've talked about previously as we can get additional commitments from the producer community up in the Williston.
Christine Cho: Okay. That answers it. Thank you. And then in the Permian, we've seen some of your peers announce a new Permian NGL pipe, while an existing one continues to expand capacity. And it seems like they're both being underpinned by the utilization of either their own processing plants and/or existing relationships with certain producers. We've seen some turnover in the acreage private equity [indiscernible] some of the processing assets and for one, the buyer was a customer on your West Texas line, is the NGL takeaway for those newly acquired assets committed to somebody else already, or is that an opportunity for you? And if you could talk some about the dynamics about what's going on in the Permian and whether or not being involved in processing here is the competitive disadvantage with respect to your NGL pipe?
Terry Spencer: Christine, I'll make a comment and then I can let Kevin and Sheridan chime in. But from that strategic question with respect to owning, gathering and processing assets - certainly if a gathering processor also owns a liquids pipeline in those particular scenarios, you're going to have some challenges in competing for those particular barrels unless those producer customers have specific taking kind rights and they have targeted a particular NGL pipeline to do business with. But overall, there is a large body of third party - at least as far as ONEOK is concerned, to see third party NGLs out there is pretty deep. So regardless of who owns or operates the G&P business, we've got a pretty big playing field in terms of opportunity and competing for barrel. So really don't feel like we're disadvantaged. You can be in certain specific situations, certainly yes, it can create challenges for you. But broadly speaking, we don't feel like we need to own G&P assets in order to be a more effective NGL service provider. No, we don't have that view.
Christine Cho: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Hang on just a second, Christine. Do you guys have anything to add to that? Okay. I thought with respect to the private equity, Christine, didn't you have a question on the private equity barrels and whether that would create opportunity? Private equity processing plants are an opportunity.
Christine Cho: Because one of them sold to a customer on your West Texas system and I was just curious, was that an opportunity for you?
Terry Spencer: Do you guys want to make a comment?
Kevin Burdick: I think we're always looking at the opportunities out there. But again, I'd go back that specific opportunity. We don't necessarily feel that not having the G&P puts us in that competitive disadvantage in that circumstance. We're in a lot of very positive conversations with producers out there that were extremely competitive. So we feel good about that.
Terry Spencer: And Christine, the only other comment I'd make is that candidly, a number of these NGL producers or processors in this basin tend to take a look at a portfolio approach, too, in terms of the NGL service provider. So they're continually thinking about that mix and putting all their eggs in a particular basket. That dynamics out there, too, and from time to time, that could work to our advantage.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. And then lastly, just a housekeeping item. In the G&P segment, your NGL sales went up to over 170,000 barrels per day after being flat at about 155 all of last year. Despite gas gathered and process volumes being flat from fourth quarter and generally down from first to third quarter last year. Similarly, we saw the equity condensate volumes spike up during the Q2 despite your conversion of POP contracts to [indiscernible]; so I was just curious, what's driving this?
Kevin Burdick: Two different things, Christine. This is Kevin. On your first question on the NGL sales, that was almost entirely driven by increased ethane recovery in the Mid-Continent. That's what drove your NGL sales up. The condensate question with the abnormally cold winter, we saw additional condensate fall out in the gathering lines, so you would see the condensate go up a little bit and what you didn't then see, you'd see a corresponding NGL drop a little bit from an equity standpoint, is that condensate didn't make it to the plant.
Christine Cho: Okay, got it.
Kevin Burdick: It's pretty tactical stuff.
Christine Cho: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Next is Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: Hi. Good morning. My first one has already been answered a little bit. But to the 25,000 barrels a day of methane increased acceptance, what that all Mid-Continent?
Kevin Burdick: The vast majority of that was from the Mid-Continent.
Eric Genco: Okay. And then to jog my memory, if I think about the $200 million of ethane uplift that you guys have talked to in the past and $100 million of incremental NGL benefit from the STACK SCOOP, I'm curious, if you were to break that $100 million of STACK SCOOP benefit down between ethane and C3 plus, how much of it is a C3 plus?
Terry Spencer: Probably 55% or so.
Eric Genco: 55%? Okay. So there is some sort of ethane there. I guess the follow-up. If we think about sort of how things are shifting around and I think when we originally gave a $200 million marker for ethane, we were referencing what rejection was on the system at the time and there was that pretty significant amount of Bakken ethane rejection. If you were to be in a situation where Bakken ethane from an economic standpoint wasn't really called on, can you still get to the $200 million without cannibalizing say some of the ethane from SCOOP STACK or something like that?
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Eric, this is Kevin. I think what we've provided is there's about $170 million out of the $200 million that's from the Mid-Continent area. So that incremental just would be what you would have left from the Bakken.
Eric Genco: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: And Ted [ph] with Goldman Sachs is next.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. You've talked about this 1.4 bcf at a project out of the Mid-Continent, but clearly there are some competitors that are trying the same thing. I'm just wondering if you can give us an update on that project, please?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Ted. This is Kevin. We continue to work with our producers and other customers and processors in the play to look for takeaway options. Those are going well. There are maybe specific things we're look out of the SCOOP and some talking to some customers that may want to go west with their gas. So we just continue to work to try to gain the commitments necessary to announce something that would be another takeaway solution out of the STACK. Again, going well. Just as we get those commitments, then we'll make the announcements.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I'm not sure how much you can talk about this, but you've got protections on your S-4 where you show your EBITDA through 2021 or so, you're up to about $2.7 billion in the expected case. I'm wondering if you can just help us on some of the key assumptions you used to get to those projections. We know the commodity price assumptions, but are there other things around whether it's volume growth, or ethane rejection, or different capitally deployed to get to those projections?
Kevin Burdick: Ted, let me just make a couple of comments. As far as the S-4 projections go, one thing I just want to make clear is that those assumptions that we made were assumptions that were made at that particular point in time. So what we don't want to do and we're going to talk about it, but what we don't want to do is get into a position where this becomes sort of guidance. The S-4 is out there, it's public information, it's based upon the best data and our point of view at the time. Our point of view continues to be generally in-line with what you see in the S-4. Good, solid fundamentals, good organic growth opportunities in the STACK and SCOOP. The ethane story all of those things enroll into that story. What I dont want to do is get in a habit here of having to address the S-4 just on a continual, on a continual basis then it kind of sort of becomes a by default a five year guidance. So I appreciate your question and Im being responsive to it. It again let me say it, in capital-ex all the elements weve been talking about here does not require any sort of major project outside an organic, kind of a routine organic run rate of growth. Does that make sense?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, well its in part because your organic cap-ex spend has been down a bit in the last couple of years if you pull back on projects. So you are telling us there isnt a lot of I dont know new processing plants or a big gas pipeline takeaway out of mid compensate those numbers?
Derek Reiners: Exactly, you dont have any, I call that a major strategic organic project. You really dont have in there. I would put it more in the category of routine growth. Okay. Youre going to have some processing capacity, youre going to have system expansions, youre going to have plant connections on the NGL side, you may have some frac capacity increases, youre going to have some storage projects in there but nothing that I will consider like a major geographic expansion project. So I know we said publicly in the past about the capital spend in the five year view its been very consistent with. It would be consistent with what youve seen in recent history like what weve seen in 2016 and what were budgeting here for 2017. From a CapEx standpoint what would be the consistent run rate through that five year, that five year.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood, thats actually very helpful. So Ill leave it at that. Thank you.
Derek Reiners: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Well now go to Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: Good morning and thank you. Most of my questions have been hit, but I wanted to follow-up on Eric's question around ethane. So I estimate roughly 300,000 -- today have demand ethylene cracking plant still coming online through the balance of the year. As that sort of progresses through the course of the years, where do you guys automatically see that the recovery is falling between be 35,000 to 55,000 barrels per day rejection they have projected for this year?
Danilo Juvane: Sheridan, yes.
Sheridan Swords: I think what we say is we say ethane rejection as we said ramping up during the second half of the year as that volume comes on as or that demand comes on. A lot of that demand, specifically the CBC cracker and the Exxon Mobil cracker going to come up in the fourth quarter. So we're going to see ramp up through the second half of this year then when we get into 18 I think you'll see more sustained recovery across most of the mid-continent and in Permian and there is to be able to meet all this new demand coming on. Did that answer your question?
Danilo Juvane: It does. I guess maybe if I can ask that question differently. Do you see perhaps you following at the high end of that range or how should we think about that?
Derek Reiners: Thats going to be interesting. I think its going to be very volatile as we get through this year and dont forget about the exports coming out of the Gulf Coast as those ramp ups well, they could have a big impact on that but you also have quite a bit ethane storage that needs to be worked off. I think it will be interesting this year. We think it will be fairly steady through the second half of this year, but it definitely could be quicker than we expected as well.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. Thats it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Well go to Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Hi, good morning Terry. How are you?
Terry Spencer: Hi Chris, how are you?
Christopher Sighinolfi: Good, good. Wanted to ask a couple items on frac volumes. Looking at the outlook and thinking about the comments in ethane recovery. I guess if we would ignore the change in ethane recovery, year-on-year we got this frac volumes could be down. So I am just curious like on the legacy business changes in ethane expectations. What sort of might be driving that if you are shared and have any color on sort of that element would be appreciated?
Terry Spencer: Sheridan?
Sheridan Swords: So the question is that's why they're cracked lines down in the fourth quarter and first quarter. Or no 2016 versus 17 particularly if I ignore any potential diffract recovered ethane. But I think you still as you look into the 2 years had some. We are going to have some opportunities you just to transport it only volume as we come out of that we also had in 2016 we had quite a bit of spot going we had in 2016 that we do not put into our expectations in 2017 there may be some opportunity for that. But overall, if you look at the base business on Frac 1, we think that Frac 1 will increase the C 3 plus possible and will increase to our attraction haters if you take out the Shiprock paper. US department but yes spot volume that we had in 2016.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay, got it. So there is spot volume but from a guidance convention not included?
Derek Reiners: We do not include spot volume in are our guidance.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Understood; okay. Wanted to also look like the delta between, I guess this is sort of a related question shared I mean the delta between the volumes you gather and the volumes you frac and particularly the change in those numbers from the back half of last year to what we saw in the first quarter. Looks like there was a bit of a deviation where you were effectively fracking volume in advance of the volumes you gathered in the back half of last year and now you're gathering more than you're cracking. So just wondering if that's a temporary shift if it's specific something we can discuss or if it's something we should think about more on a ratable basis going forward.
Derek Reiners: I think the big issue you have when you think about gathered volume and frac volume and trying to tie those two together is storage and that there is some as we go in and out of quarters we may have more or less in storage or specifically as we think about the sterling pipeline where we end the quarter what might have small feet on it we could actually have a lot of storage in my circle of those lines. So frac volumes can kind of get smeared out through the quarters where one quarter you could see gathered volume is up, but frac volume is down, youd have to go look at our inventory. How we ended the quarter and how we exited the quarter with our line fill inventory and also with our inventory in our storage wells as well. So that I think was the difference we think about frac and gathered. Gathered is pretty much real time frac indeed, you can see ship to volume that was gathered in one month and gathered in one quarter and frac in the subsequent quarters.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. No, thats really helpful. So over time you would expect those numbers to move sort of I guess loosely intent?
Derek Reiners: Yes, thats right.
Christopher Sighinolfi: And then final question for me Terry, you had mentioned it and obviously flagged it on last quarter's call but the optimization opportunities that we saw in the first quarter, you were noting in your prepared remarks expectation for ethane differential at 3 cent. After the remainder, can you just remind us if that was what was embedded in the NGL segment EBITDA guidance or if it's changed all? And then as you see enhanced ethane recovery would it stand to reason that we should see perhaps a wide thing right?
Sheridan Swords: I think the answer to your question both is yes.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Still consistent. Okay, great. Thanks for the time this morning guys.
Derek Reiners: You bet. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: And we'll go to John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Yes. Hi, Terry. Thanks for taking my question.
Terry Spencer: Hi, John.
John Edwards: Just following up Chriss question here just is there a relationship between ethane recovery and that optimization spread? I mean do you have some kind of -- is there a correlation there that we can kind a track on that?
Terry Spencer: Yes. I think there can be, Ill make a comment then Ill let Sheridan follow-up. When I think about it, I just think about strengthening demand in the market area which is the Gulf Coast. And of course it depends on what your supply situation is that upstream and if you are in a situation that we are we have lots of supply you can see a widening of the spread when the demand pull increases. Okay so that and so that can then have an impact on the pricing differential between the two hubs. So that's kind of how I think about it in its most simplistic terms. Now the other part of the answer can get more complicated but Sheridan have you got anything to add there?
Sheridan Swords: The one thing I would add to that is as we do increase ethane recovery, the one thing well continue is continually high utilization of the pipeline in between Conway and Bellevue which has the potential to have a widening on the other product as well.
John Edwards: So there's not, you cant say for every 10,000 barrels of additional recovery or utilization on those pipes between locations youll add a quarter of a penny. I'm just trying to think is there some sort of formula there or is it just too complicated to make that close of an analogy there?
Derek Reiners: We bet our careers here at ONEOK, on the spread candidly and we still have difficulty trying to forecast the spread. And so it's a difficult, as you indicate there are a lot of variables involved weve tried to accumulate lots of data we can come up with general correlations but to get as precise as what you're contemplating very difficult to do.
John Edwards: Okay. Alright, so
Derek Reiners: Hey John, we can trend it. And that's about as good as we can probably do.
John Edwards: Okay. So just, I had a question on this is on one of the guidance slides that you published. It was on your natural gas gathering and processing slide and you indicated there with increased swab completions and rig activity that you expected about 400 well connects this year in the Wilson basin, 75 already. So I was just running through some simple math and maybe you can tell me where I'm wrong about this because we were thinking, okay you've got 30 wells out there and you drill. I mean 30 rigs and you drill a well every 2 weeks or so. 25 wells per rig for the year, multiply that you get 750 potential wells but you are guiding to 400. So am I wrong about the frequency of how long it takes to drill a well or you can have an increase or build up in doc so how should I think about that or where am I wrong about that?
Kevin Burdick: John, its Kevin I think the assumption you are making on average is probably a little strong. We use probably more 15 wells per rig per year on average. Absolutely if a rig is sitting there in great weather it might be able to spit out the number of wells you're talking about per year but on average across the basin with all things included, we see an average of probably more 15 wells per rig per year. So that put you in the 450-ish range. Then you've also got to factor in the lag right, when these rig show up there will typically be several month lag between when first flow happens by the time they get completed. So that's why we still feel pretty good about our 400.
John Edwards: Okay. I mean that's helpful. That's it for me. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, John.
Operator: And well go to Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum: Hi, good morning everybody. I just had one question really. Its kind of, I guess I sit back and seems like all the focus is on this SCOOP, STACK but Im curious obviously that your overall guidance has been changed but in terms of what's going on in the Bakken can you just provide like an update in terms of what you're seeing there in terms of activity levels and how things are trending maybe relative to how you thought it would be when you started the year, just trying to get an update on that piece of the business?
Kevin Burdick: Yes Michael, its Kevin. We've been extremely pleased with the activity levels we've seen over the last several months. In fourth quarter we communicated that we saw some rig increases, we continue to see those increases up to 30 rigs and continued activity and then Terry talked about our April volumes and where -- how they've recovered to where we're setting records and that puts us in a great position to me relative to our guidance.
Michael Blum: Great thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Shere: Any update on -- rate case and the expansion opportunity on the line?
Terry Spencer: The rate case, we did have the hearing with the AOJ and process continues as weve kind of outlined the four. So were still on schedule and expect to reach a decision by the end of the year. As it comes to expansions, again we continue to discuss with a lot of producers and other activity out there as we get those commitments then we'll obviously be coming forward with the project to expand the product.
Craig Shere: And -- youre getting additional shippers on the line. They are currently already signing up at higher rates then what the legacy calls --. So you actually have a kind of transparent market number right there with ALJ is that correct?
Terry Spencer: Yes, we believe. We absolutely believe that's the case.
Craig Shere: And so that number might be closer to a nickel or something versus under 3 cents?
Derek Reiners: We have not provided that.
Terry Spencer: Craig, this is Terry. Given the fact that we are in the midst of this case, Im hesitant to throw some numbers out there that might create a problem for us as you can appreciate.
Craig Shere: Understood. Dont want to create trouble.
Terry Spencer: Thats good.
Craig Shere: On the expansion opportunity is this something that we see more backend loaded in the decade or because of the growth in the Permian could this really be something or Kevin announcement the next year?
Terry Spencer: I think it's much more near term then the end of the decade. Again we're having discussions literally daily with producers and the processors that are in the basin and you can easily point to the rig increases and the volume increases that are coming out of that to show that there's some near term, definitely some near term opportunities.
Craig Shere: Whats driving the short term fall off in the last couple of quarters on the line in terms of volumes?
Terry Spencer: Well, the primary reason for the drop just sequential quarter-to-quarter is we do have with that pipe, we have -- we continue to look for ways to optimize and integrate that pipe with other assets we have. And so we have taken the opportunity to -- we look to shift, we've shifted some volumes coming out of North Texas from the West Texas pipeline to the Arbuckle pipeline to get a feel for as volumes grow out of the STACK and SCOOP and comes out or as volumes come out of the Permian just looking for ways and to understand the capacities that we have on both of those pipes. So you really saw a little bit in Q1, we took the opportunity to do some of that optimization so you saw some volume shift and we saw an increase in the mid-continent and that's the primary reason why the West Texas volumes were down.
Craig Shere: That very helpful. And my last question, the one half of $2 billion in potential growth project opportunities like the middle opportunities. Given the fact that maybe the STACK residue takeaway solution it may not be an opportunity after the connection project and with sub $50 crude. Should we be thinking more towards the low end of that range or you feel there is so much in backlog that the chairs may get rearranged but the opportunity set still and totals?
Terry Spencer: Craig, no, I would not look at it that way. We've got more projects that were in the process of high grading that could flow go right and have gone right into that backlog. So I wouldn't think about it that way at all.
Craig Shere: Great. Thank you very much.
Terry Spencer: You bet, thank you.
Operator: And there are no other questions. So I'd like to turn it back for any additional or closing remarks.
Derek Reiners: Thank you. Our quite period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until earnings are released after market closes in early August. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for the day. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Investor Relations Terry K. Spencer - President and CEO Walter S. Hulse III - EVP, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Derek S. Reiners - SVP, CFO, and Treasurer Wesley J. Christensen - SVP, Operations Sheridan C. Swords - SVP, Natural gas liquids Kevin L. Burdick - SVP, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing J. Phillip May - SVP, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: John Edwards - Credit Suisse Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Eric Genco - Citi Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Christopher Sighinolfi - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen please standby. Good day and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to today's host Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners fourth quarter and year end 2016 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and thank you all for joining today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and our Senior Vice Presidents; Wes Christensen, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Natural gas liquids; and Phil May, Natural Gas Pipelines. We also have Kevin Burdick, who is recently promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer reporting to me with responsibility for all of our business segment commercial activities. Kevin has served a number of key leadership roles and performed at a high level. I have no doubt that Kevin's exceptional leadership skills and experience will continue to serve the company well in his new role. Congratulations to Kevin. Thank you for joining us this morning to review our 2016 and fourth quarter results. ONEOK and ONEOK Partners reported strong 2016 financial performance as ONEOK Partners adjusted EBITDA increased nearly 18% compared with 2015. Increased fee based earnings drove double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in all three of our business segments. This strong year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth was achieved despite increased ethane rejection and severe weather in December that impacted volumes in our natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segments in both the Williston Basin and the Mid-Continent.  The impact of the severe weather and increased ethane rejection in December reduced fourth quarter results by approximately $15 million. Severe weather continued early in the first quarter of 2017 impacting volumes but volumes have rebounded significantly in February to November 2016 levels which were some of our highest monthly volumes. We expect year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth in 2017 to be weighted towards the back half of the year, this growth is driven by mostly routine high return capital expenditures to fill available capacity in our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and sets the stage for significant adjusted EBITDA growth into 2018 and beyond.  Growth is expected to be fueled by industry fundamentals from increased producer activity and highly productive basins across our operating footprint and from increased ethane demand from the petrochemical industry and NGL exports. We anticipate closing our recently announced acquisition of the remaining 60% of ONEOK Partners that we don't already own in the second quarter of this year. We expect the transaction to be immediately accretive and then double-digit accretive to ONEOKs distributable cash flow in all years from 2018 through 2021 providing for a 21% initial dividend increase followed by expected annual dividend growth of 9% to 11% through 2021 with 1.2 times or greater dividend coverage all the while improving our consolidated credit metrics.  Our integrated assets and growth over the last 10 years has us well positioned to capitalize on improving market fundamentals and the continued development of the extensive resource plays within our broad 37,000 mile footprint. Derek will now provide additional details about our financial performance and outlook. 
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks Terry, starting with the partnership fourth quarter and full year 2016 adjusted EBITDA increased compared with 2015 by approximately $20 million and $275 million respectively. ONEOK Partners distribution coverage ratio was 1.03 times for the fourth quarter and 1.09 times for the full year of 2016, a substantial improvement compared with the 0.86 times coverage for the full year 2015. The slightly lower fourth quarter distribution coverage ratio as anticipated was due to the timing of maintenance capital spending.  Credit metrics again improved the partnerships already strong balance sheet with a trailing 12 months GAAP debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.2 times at December 31st. ONEOK maintained its healthy dividend coverage throughout 2016 ending the full year coverage of 1.31 times or approximately $250 million of cash on hand and an undrawn $300 million credit facility. We expect to utilize ONEOKs available cash to pay down consolidated debt this year.  ONEOKs 2017 financial guidance was issued as if our proposed merger transaction with ONEOK Partners closed on January 1. We expect to true up the guidance for net income, income tax as a non-controlling interest once the timing and related impacts of the transaction are known. We still expect closing to occur in the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow should not be materially impacted by the timing of the transaction closing.  For the NGL segments 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance we are mindful of the primary components that may impact results including the timing and amount of additional ethane recovery and incremental volumes from the STACK and SCOOP. Based upon our current assessment of producer activity in petrochemical and construction we expect to be within the guidance range as this segment delivered nearly $1.1 billion in adjusted EBITDA in 2016.  We expect to lower cost of funding resulting from our strong financial performance - our strong financial performance and successful efforts to reduce commodity price risk combined with the recent transaction announcement which eliminates incentive distribution rights. Also the credit rating agencies have viewed ONEOK favorably placing ONEOK on review for upgrade to investment grade following the closing of the transaction. The expected growth in adjusted EBITDA and use of the excess cash on hand to repay debt should enhance ONEOK -- should enable ONEOK to improve its credit metrics reducing consolidated debt to EBITDA to round our target of four times in the next 18 to 24 months.  In terms of timing and next steps for the merger transaction we expect to file a registration statement and joint property statement within the next week or so. Once the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC, we will mail the joint proxy statement to our shareholders and unit holders and set unit holder and shareholder meetings to be held on the same day. As of now our best estimate is for the transaction to close in June. I'll now hand the call back to Terry.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Let's take a closer look at each of our business segments. Starting with our natural gas liquid segment, 2016 adjusted EBITDA for the segment increased more than 10% compared with 2015 benefiting from new natural gas processing plant connections in the Williston Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas and increased ethane recovery during the first half of the year.  Severe winter weather continued to impact our system in January however NGL gathered volumes have rebounded in February averaging approximately 780,000 barrels per day this month. This average is more in line with our November 2016 volumes. We've also seen higher NGL product price differential and location differentials which we expect will partially offset early year impacts from weather.  We expect 2017 NGL volumes to be driven by increased drilling activity across our system and the ramp up and full year benefit of the six natural gas processing plants we connected in 2016. We also expect to connect an additional six plants this year including one in the Rocky Mountain region, three in the Mid-Continent, and two in the Permian Basin. These new connections will increase the partnerships total third party plant connections to nearly 200. Producers are planning to move more rigs to the STACK and SCOOP area and the Williston Basin by mid-year and with the ramp up of new processing plants we expect volumes to increase significantly during the back half of 2017.  With respect to ethane we continue to expect ethane recovery levels to fluctuate throughout 2017 but we are also seeing positive signs from petrochemical and export facilities so far this year. At least three world scale petrochemical facilities are slated to begin operations in the second half of 2017 in addition to increased capacity utilization at new export facilities.  Additionally a new 36,000 barrel per day Gulf Coast ethane cracker recently began start-up operations. While ethane recovery is an important part of our growth outlook and is expected to provide additional NGL volume growth into 2018 it's important to note that our 2017 financial guidance expects increased recovery of ethane to provide $40 million to $60 million of adjusted EBITDA growth.  Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment, 2016 adjusted EBITDA increased 40% compared with 2015 driven by higher average fee rates and continued volume growth in the Williston Basin. Prior to Decembers severe weather impacts natural gas volumes processed in the Williston Basin exceeded 780 million cubic feet per day in November. The segments average fee rate increased to $0.84 per MMBTU in the fourth quarter 2016 and $0.76 per MMBTU for the full year. High initial production volumes from customers with fee based contracts contributed to the higher average fee rate in the fourth quarter. We expect an average fee rate of closer to $0.80 in 2017 with fluctuations due to volume and contract mix plus we have hedged a significant portion of the segments remaining 2017 commodity price exposure.  In the Mid-Continent we saw several additional multi-well pad completions through the end of 2016 and into early 2017. Our natural gas volumes processed increased in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter and we saw processed volumes exceed 790 million cubic feet per day periodically during the fourth quarter.  Producers across our natural gas gathering and processing systems have accelerated their drilling activity particularly in the prolific STACK and SCOOP plays where production results continued to improve. We currently have 10 to 12 rigs on our dedicated acreage in the STACK and SCOOP compared with 3 to 4 rigs at the low point in 2016. Recently a number of our gathering and processing customers which account for more than 200,000 acres of dedication have increased their drilling programs which could push rigs on our acreage to a range of 17 to 20 by the end of 2017.  Volumes are expected to increase significantly in the second half of 2017 as producers continue to move additional rigs into the area during the first half of the year. The increased drilling activity in the STACK and SCOOP not only benefits our natural gas gathering and processing segment but also significantly benefits our natural gas liquid segment which is a take away service provider in Oklahoma as is our natural gas pipeline segment. Producers have also accelerated drilling and completion activity in the Williston Basin with expectations for higher 2017 volumes compared with 2016. Producers continue moving rigs back into the core of the basin with approximately 23 to 25 rigs currently on our dedicated acreage. Approximately 300 drilled but uncompleted wells remain on ONEOKs acreage dedications which provide a backlog of volume growth opportunities in 2017 requiring minimal capital while rigs continue to increase throughout the year.  We expect to connect approximately 400 wells in the Williston Basin this year compared to nearly 340 in 2016. The segment remains well positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities requiring minimal capital investments such as well connections and compression projects. The majority of the segments 170 million to 210 million of expected 2017 capital expenditures is dedicated for these types of high return projects.  In the natural gas pipeline segment 2016 adjusted EBITDA increased 14% compared with 2015. The segment continues to benefit from higher fee based earnings driven by increased firm contracted capacity and capital growth projects recently placed in service.  In 2017 the segment is expected to benefit from a full year of operations on three natural gas transportation projects placed in service last year including the Road Runner gas transmission pipeline, ONEOKs West Texas pipeline expansion, and the Midwestern Gas Transmission expansion. Combined these three projects added an additional 1 billion cubic feet per day of transportation capacity to ONEOKs natural gas pipelines system. All three projects are fully subscribed under long term firm fee based commitments.  The segment continues to expand its operations this year with additional capital growth projects including additional electric generation plant connections and increasing natural gas takeaway capacity out of prolific shale plays such as the STACK and SCOOP. Already this year we've begun construction on a 25 mile pipeline that will provide transportation and storage services to OG&Es Mustang Electric Generation PLANT near Oklahoma City. This project is supported by a long-term fee based agreement with OG&E. We've also started construction on a Westbound expansion of our ONEOK gas transmission pipeline out of the STACK play. This project is also supported by a long-term firm commitment.  The initial expansion design which consists of adding compression provides for 100 million cubic feet per day of capacity on the pipeline and a scalable up to 400 million cubic feet per day. Discussions are ongoing with producers which could potentially increase the expansion volume. We expect to complete the Mustang project in the third quarter of this year and complete the westbound expansion in the second quarter of 2018.  In addition we continue our discussions with producers for ONEOK to potentially construct a new natural gas pipeline to revive much needed takeaway services from the STACK and SCOOP plays. If ONEOK is successful in securing the necessary contractual commitments and Board approvals, the proposed 200 mile intrastate pipeline and related compression would run through the middle of the STACK and SCOOP providing essential takeaway of up to 1.4 billion cubic feet per day and connectivity with the existing ONEOK facilities in Central Oklahoma as well as the Bennington market hub in Southeastern Oklahoma.  If constructed, the pipeline and related infrastructure would have an anticipated completion date of the third quarter 2018. Our natural gas pipeline segment is well positioned in increasingly active basins such as the Delaware and Midland Basins and the STACK and SCOOP plays to compete for additional takeaway opportunities. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2017 and beyond, we are well positioned for growth opportunities. The continued improvements and producer drilling economics, funding costs and a long runway of future development potential in our basins are resulting in more customers with the increased takeaway capacity. With this line of sight into growth opportunities and improving market fundamentals, we have between 1.5 billion and 2.5 billion of future potential organic growth projects in the development phase. Additionally we have lowered our cost of funding to support these growth opportunities with the recently announced transaction. We are confident in our assets, experienced people, financial flexibility, and discipline and our legacy of providing reliable and quality service to our customers and creating value for our stakeholders even during difficult industry cycles.  Thank you for your continued support of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and as always thank you to our employees for your hard work and continued dedication to operating our assets safely, reliably, and in an environmentally responsible manner.  Operator we're now ready to take questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question with John Edwards with Credit Suisse. 
John Edwards: Good morning everybody and you know thanks for updating us on what the narrative, just as a follow up Terry could you just walk us through the fourth quarter Permian gather volumes a bit below average for the year and I was just thinking it wasn't -- that wasn't going to be in a weather impact there, so any color of what happened there and then how you think that'll turn up in 2017, you are a little bit beyond the detail you provided in the narrative already? 
Terry K. Spencer: Sure John I am going to let Sheridan kind of walk you through those components. 
Sheridan C. Swords: The first thing John we did see a little bit of impact of weather in the Permian but West Texas pipeline which a lot of people think of as just a Permian did see more weather impact through the Barnett Shale and we did see some methane more increased ethane rejection out of -- on the West Texas pipeline in the fourth quarter. And we should continue to see growth in the Permian. As we go in, the Permian has been fairly steady through the year but we are connecting additional plants in the Permian, two additional plants this year will increase our volumes out of the Permian. 
John Edwards: Okay, that's helpful and then just as far as ramping up to the overall guidance of 800 to 900 that you provided a few weeks back, I think you indicated in your opening comments you're already seeing in February something like 780, so would it be fair to say that you're thinking you'll cross over, I mean when would you expect to across north of 800 and then would it be fair to say because it's the second half situation that you're going to be closer to the 900 range kind of in the third and fourth quarters, is that the right way to think about it?
Sheridan C. Swords: I think to think about it definitely would be ramping up in the second half of the year because that's when we said that we'll start seeing the ethane sustainably coming out in the second part of the year as we go forward. But I think as we come into the second quarter as I think we will start seeing this cross the 800, a lot depends on the growth out of the SCOOP and the STACK. We're seeing a lot of great results today and we are seeing some of those, I mentioned some volume growth out of the Permian and then the Williston Basin still comes on strong for us as well. We see that throughout the year. So I think an answer to your question is going to be much more second half with your ethane and these plants continue to ramp up but will probably cross 800 in the second quarter. 
John Edwards: Okay, that's helpful and just if I could just switch gears on one other area, just I am assuming more of a question for Derek, you're in the cading gets us four times leverage in the next 18 to 24 months or so and our assumption has been such it's primarily an EBITDA growth story in that regard not really dependent so much on equity issuance. So, if you could just sort of clarify for us how you think you're getting there that would really be helpful?
Derek S. Reiners: Sure John, this is Derek and you are exactly right. I think we don't need to issue equity in order to get the leverage metrics down into that target range of four times. Now certainly we could depending on additional capital projects. If we have some large capital projects we could issue some equity there but really don't have the need to do so in that 18 to 24 months as we're thinking about it today.
John Edwards: Okay, that's helpful and just last one, just in the deck you provided to us Terry there was the optimization, marketing price differential, you indicated there were some squeezing going on there, how should we be thinking about that going forward?
Terry K. Spencer: John, definitely in the fourth quarter the spreads were narrower than we've seen in the third quarter and also the structure of the market that we get a lot of our marketing activity was narrower than we've seen. But as we move into the first quarter we've already seen the spreads between come and go it would be a lot wider than in previous years. We're seeing propane at $0.08 to $0.10 and butane at $0.12 in February and a little bit narrowing in March but still very strong. So I think that we will have a very good optimization in the first quarter. 
John Edwards: Okay, that's it for me. Thank you so much for the clarifications.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, John. 
Operator: Moving right along, well take our next question from Kristina Kazarian with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Kristina Kazarian: Afternoon guys, so just a quick follow up for clarification on John's point, so that 17 millionish that you guys refer you on page eight in the slide deck, did I just get that right that you said that that's already worked itself out and probably won't be a go forward impact that we should be thinking about?
Terry K. Spencer: The 17 million is compared to the third quarter and most of that is in the marketing book. We had a very good third quarter in the marketing but we're definitely seeing wider spreads today than we saw in December as we continue to go through that. So we'll definitely have -- should be better off in the first quarter maybe different within the fourth quarter.
Kristina Kazarian : Perfect, so a bigger picture question you know, there's been a theme of were starting new projects and I know you guys had some delayed projects and you also talked about that 1.4 bcf type of takeaway capacity out of SCOOP and STACK, can you just remind me how much a pipe like that would cost, what you know catalyst to watch for on it moving forward in other new projects that you might think about coming back into the queue?
Terry K. Spencer: Sure Kristina Ill let Phil to take that question.
J. Phillip May: Sure Kristine, the pipeline that we're trying to develop out of the SCOOP and STACK is 200-210 miles of 36 inch pipe with compression and depending on what kind of capacity sales that we are able to garner in the discussions it can be between $750 million and $900 million
Kristina Kazarian : And then other projects that you guys might think about moving back into the queue maybe some of the ones that had been delayed before the cycle turn down or anything else on your radar there?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes Kristina I think that you're thinking about it right. As we think about this 1.5 billion to 2.5 billion of projects under development there's a pretty good portion of it in our gathering and processing segment where we're adding additional capacity more around the SCOOP play and then certainly along the lines of the types of projects that Phils talking about specifically in the pipeline segment. But also opportunities in the Permian NGL related infrastructure, NGL storage, those types of things when you think about how it's broken up at a $2.5 billion level you're roughly talking about a third, a third, and a third, that is a third G&P, the third pipes and third liquids. And so generally that's how you think about -- that's what the that's what the projects look like that are currently under development.
Kristina Kazarian : Thats really helpful and last one from me, can you -- I know you guys get this a lot, but can you just remind me of your thoughts especially post the transaction we announced earlier this year of appetite for strategic M&A and how you might think about using the currency?
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, certainly we have an appetite for M&A we've got an appetite for asset acquisitions as well and in the things that the transaction certainly provides a benefit to our currency. And we are continually thinking about strategic M&A and what assets that we don't have that would certainly make sense. So, the challenge remains finding something that's actionable and if you do find something actionable trying to find something where the bid has spreads not so wide. So those challenges remain but certainly as a result of this transaction were very interested in acquisition opportunities.
Kristina Kazarian : Perfect, thanks guys for the update. 
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank You. Our next question comes from Eric Genco with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Eric Genco: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the last question, you think about the guidance numbers, it looks like you're more than buying on fractionation capacity for 2017 and maybe into 2018 but if we were to look out a little bit and think about some of the higher end of guidance and how some of that could go, I mean how soon do you think you might need some new fractionation capacity, do you think about top end being 6.35, 1.40 for ethane, you get the 7.75 and you talked in the past about 100,000 barrels incremental from SCOOP STACK like how soon could that occur and how long it will be time to get some of those things in?
Terry K. Spencer: Well it usually probably take us about two years to get a frac for that standpoint and I think we won't need additional frac capacity until we get into 2019. Some of the people we've talked about out of the SCOOP or the STACK we are talking about dish transporting their barrels maybe not doing a complete frac, complete bundle service. So you kind of play that into as well but I think it will be 2019 before we would really think we need to look at additional frac capacity. 
Eric Genco: And how about on the processing side?
Kevin L. Burdick: Eric on the processing side, again a lot of it will depend on the ramp that we see. As Terry mentioned we have seen pretty significant uptick in rigs in the STACK. That area, those wells are much higher volume than we see in the Balkan. If that type of activity continues we're going to need some additional capacity probably in the next couple years. So because we will eat up our available capacity pretty quickly. As we think about the Williston we got a couple hundred million a day of capacity available there. We also have the opportunity for some low cost expansions so you're probably looking at maybe three to four years before we would get in with current type pricing environment where you would fill up our capacity and may need additional processing. 
Eric Genco: Okay, and then last one real quick you mentioned the higher rates being somewhat in the G&P somewhat due to some higher IP wells coming on but I was just curious you could expand a little I mean, believe there was a contract settlement one of the customers in the Balkan and I was also curious to see if there was any sort of movement on perhaps the Mid-Con and getting any momentum there and maybe getting a little more money there?
Kevin L. Burdick: Eric, this is Kevin again. That rate did spike a little bit in the fourth quarter. We did reach agreement on a restructured contract that was relatively sizable that drove that up a little bit. But we also had a significant amount of IP Gas come on in the fourth quarter which kind of drove -- which did drove up -- drive up our volumes and the vast majority of that gas was on contracts that were -- had a much higher fee based component. So quarter-to-quarter we think that rate will settle in more than $0.80 range as other volume comes on and just the volume mix on the contracts moves around a little bit. Now that is completely separate from the $8 million contract settlement was a service contract that is unrelated to our producer, our customer contracts.
Eric Genco: Okay, alright well thanks a lot and congrats on your promotion. 
Terry K. Spencer: Everybody I want to just make a just a quick correction, I guess I got tongue tied in one of my numbers when I was talking about Mid-Continent. Natural gas volumes I said 790 million cubic feet per day periodically and what I meant to say was 690 million cubic feet per day so perhaps that was a wishful thinking on my part but anyway my apologies. So hopefully that clarifies it and we will make sure the transcript appropriately reflects the corrected number. Thank you.  Now back to questions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo. Sir, please go ahead. 
Michael Blum: Hi, thanks. Can you provide update on where you stand on the West Texas LPG line and then just how that sort of interplays with, sounds like you're connecting some additional plants in the Permian and do you have enough takeaway capacity and it just kind of you know update in terms of your thoughts on NGL takeaway capacity and just any update on West Texas LPG?
Sheridan C. Swords: Sure. Michael, this is Sheridan. The West Texas rate case we will be in front -- we have a hearing in front of an administrative law judge at the end of March and then after that it will go through its normal course to come to a resolution on that. In terms of how that impacts the new plants we are connecting, we are able to contract these new plants at market rates not at the lower rates due to the -- that is what the market is out there. So as we increase the volume out there we'll get it at a higher rate. The capacity that we have is we're talking to many different plants out there and some much further than others and we think that through those discussions there is a distinct possibility of an expansion coming on the West Texas pipeline out of the Permian Basin as that continues to grow. So that will be depending on how successful we are with contracting some of these new plants that will be up in the next year to 18 months. 
Michael Blum: Okay and that expansion would that be at the other end like timing or is that just pumps and cost and I'm just trying to get a feel for what that would entail?
Sheridan C. Swords: Well, definitely it will be cheaper than laying a new line but it will be in some pumps and some little bit of looping up some of the line and there probably be some additional gathering infrastructure out to the Permian. 
Michael Blum: Okay, great. And then the other question Terry I think I heard you say earlier that in the 2017 guidance assumes $40 million to $60 million EBITDA uplift from ethane recovery, did I hear that right?
Terry K. Spencer: That's correct.
Michael Blum: Okay so, I feel it was about a year ago you guys are talking about the potential for $200 million EBITDA uplift from ethane recovery. When do you think that could occur?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, certainly that happens over time and that $200 million EBITDA impact that is still a good number. The timing is 2017, 2018, and 2019 impact. So the cumulative effect of all the incremental ethane coming on would have an impact of $200 million. So that's all still -- that is all still -- well still works. So that's the timing bit. 2018 is a big year for the petrochemical facilities starting up with as we said earlier in the call we've got three large crackers coming on that are going to crack anywhere from 80,000 to 100,000 barrels a day a piece of ethane. So of course that's pretty big and a million barrels a day ethane market and then we have been significantly more crackers starting up in the 2018 timeframe. So we expect significant uplift in this business as we think forward in this NGL segment. The uplift from ethane continues to be a big part of our story in addition to all the raw feed growth that's happening in the STACK and the SCOOP and in the Permian. 
Michael Blum: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Well take our next question from Christopher Sighinolfi. Please go ahead with Jefferies. 
Christopher Sighinolfi : Hey Terry, thanks for taking my question 
Terry K. Spencer: You bet Chris, how are you?
Christopher Sighinolfi : I am well, thanks. I just want to follow real quickly maybe on where Michael left off so just to understand so 40 to 50 is what's in the guidance for this year. Sheridan I think was mentioning you're still anticipating that to be mostly back half loaded. And so I guess I'm just wondering do you still see sort of the regional profile that you've outlined before where we should expect sort of all Permian to be recovered and then we move to Mid-Con for the next sort of tranche of recovery?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes Chris, that is right. The Permian will come first and then we'll go into the Mid-Continent but I will say that the rates out of the Mid-Continent arent very far behind the Permian. They're very close to each other so they could -- you could see a little bit come out Mid-Continent first depending on which power contracts are structured. But that's basically on a high level, that's what we see happening. 
Christopher Sighinolfi : Okay and then there was a question earlier about frac capacity within ONEOK franchise and we've obviously seen some frac announcements now first time in a while. And I know that some others at Bellevue remained permanent. You had mentioned Sheridan potential for you to transport volumes on behalf of potentially what others might frac. Can you just talk to us a little bit about that dynamic and I how you think it might take shape, you know vis--vis the producer schedules and then also you know this recovery dynamic?
Terry K. Spencer: Well in terms of just transporting out of the SCOOP and the STACK we have some customers out of the SCOOP and the STACK that have frac capacity and they wanted to fill their frac capacity first. And so that's why we were working with them to just do a transport only type of deal. In terms of our frac capacity I would like to see what comes out of the SCOOP and the STACK, there's an opportunity to fill the existing capacity we have today and obviously ethane is going to flow that capacity as well. But we are very excited that we think as we go forward and look into 2019 and beyond that there is opportunities as the Permian grows, as the SCOOP and STACK grows that we may have a frac coming on but all is going to depend on commitments from the producers and processors I'm going forward.
Sheridan C. Swords: So, just the only thing I would add to that Chris is that from an ethane perspective we have the capacity necessary to reap this $200 million impact, EBITDA impact from incremental ethane. So that capacity, our deethinizers are underutilized right now as a result of the ethane rejection. So there's no capacity that has any meaningful size and needs to be built to accommodate that. What Sheridan's primarily talked about is the raw feed or C3 plus capacity that needs to be constructed to accommodate this organic growth not just out of the STACK and the SCOOP but certainly out of the Permian. We expect to be a fractionation service provider for customers in the Permian even though currently many of our customers frac in other locations. As we bring on the incremental development that's happening in the Permian we expect to be providing the full menu of services these customers are gathering fractionation and certainly storage as well. 
Terry K. Spencer: Other thing I would add to that is that we as well also have fracs permitted in Mount Bellevue so when we get the commitments we will be able to start building fracs.
Christopher Sighinolfi : Okay, I was more curious like somebody was signing up for new frac capacity I guess chances are that's under a fairly lengthy commitment so I was just wondering if then somebody is looking to take pipe capacity on your system to sort of provide the volume that would subsequently be frac if you would get sort of an equal duration contract or how that might work and I know you've had sort of a sterling three expansion opportunity out there for a while like at what point you might maybe see that fall back into reality kind of to Kristina's earlier question?
Terry K. Spencer: I think really as we talk about people that we may be transporting out of the SCOOP and the STACK theyre predominantly be going into their own fracs that they own. They would be doing it but and so we negotiate on those transportation deals independently if they're going to take it to a third party frac, we negotiate those independently. So we'll go after the link that term that we think is appropriate for our business here regardless of what they get on the frac side. Some people have done shorter term frac deal, some people have done longer term frac deals, and some of the other volume that we transport only.
Christopher Sighinolfi : Okay and then if I could really quickly Sheridan just to clarify something you had said earlier in response to question so if I think about the profile of where you are anticipating C2 volumes to be recovered, you kind of have this profile of cost structure if you will. And what you were saying that if I heard you correctly some regions within the Mid-Con are competitive relative to the Permian. We would see that rate sort of -- that volume hit first and then we profiled sort of in a rising cost water flow, is that the right way to think about it and then where would -- I guess where does the -- you've noted a bundle fee on the Permian of like less than $0.03. I mean that's kind of like the ballpark you're talking about then in terms of the lowest cost areas of the Mid-Con?
Sheridan C. Swords: No, the $0.03 that we have talked about is an overall fee on the West Texas pipeline at the lower rates that we are at today. The most of the other pipelines are at a much higher rate and that higher rate is where we see is comparable to the Mid-Continent. So if you just look at what we've provided we've provided $0.08 a gallon on an average fee out of the Mid-Continent. And so that we feel that fee is competitive with some of the fees that are out of some of the new plants that are out of the Permian that are on the newer pipelines which are at a higher rate than our normal pipelines.
Christopher Sighinolfi : So Sheridan the rates, the $0.03 and $0.09 that you're referring to are transportation only, they do not include fractionation correct?
Sheridan C. Swords: The $0.03 yes, its definitely transportation only it is an average fee for the whole West Texas pipeline. That takes in Permian, Barnett Shale, East Texas, short haul volumes. So it is an average across that whole thing. Obviously Permian is going to be on the higher state even on our system. $0.08 out in the Mid-Continent is an average fee that has both transportation and transportation in frac. But could also go to [Indiscernible] different places but we see -- as you talked about certain contracts in the Mid-Continent we know are competitive with some of the new plant out of the Permian. 
Christopher Sighinolfi : Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks for the clarification. 
Terry K. Spencer: You bet. Thank you Chris.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. Id now like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks. 
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you our quite period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extend till earnings are released after the market closes on early May. Thank you for joining us. 
Operator: That does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Walt Hulse - Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Derek Reiners - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Wes Christensen - Senior Vice President, Operations Sheridan Swords - Natural gas liquids Kevin Burdick - Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Phillip May - Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Eric Genco - Citi Shneur Gershuni - UBS Brian Gamble - Simmons and Company Christine Cho - Barclays Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan John Edwards - Credit Suisse Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Ethan Bellamy - Baird Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Please stand-by. Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2016, ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. T. D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and thank you for joining today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Senior Vice Presidents; Wes Christensen, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Natural gas liquids; Kevin Burdick, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Phill May, Natural Gas Pipelines. In yesterdays earnings releases we reiterated that ONEOK and ONEOK Partners expect to finish 2016 in line with financial guidance. In addition, we provided updated 2016 volume estimates for the gathering and processing and Natural gas liquid segments in the third quarter earnings presentation. As Ive discussed previously, our industry is experiencing one of many down cycles in my career and its been particularly challenging due to the duration of the low commodity price environment. While the cyclical nature of this industry continues, we are seeing more positive data points from our producer and end user customers, industry fundamentals see to be improving and most importantly ONEOK Partners is well positioned to benefit from growth opportunities in 2017 and beyond. Our businesses have performed well in a tough environment and we remain disciplined and committed to making prudent operational, commercial and financial decisions. As I think about opportunities, I remain confident in our ability to serve our petrochemical customers as their ethane demand grows. We also continue to see producer activity ramping up in the STACK and SCOOP, which we expect will benefit all three of our business segments. And most importantly, the available capacity in our Natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segments gives us room to grow without the need for large capital spending. Or more than $9 billion of investments over the last 10 years gives us the flexibility to grow with our producer and end user customers without needing to spend significant capital. The efforts we have taken during this down cycle to better position ONEOK and ONEOK Partners will allow us to continue providing value to our stakeholders. Derek that concludes my opening remarks.
Derek Reiners: Okay, thank Terry. Starting at the partnership, second quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA increased 3% compared with the second quarter of 2016 and year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.4 billion represents 23% increase, compared with the same period last year, benefiting from recently completed capital growth projects across our system and sustained higher average fee rates in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. ONEOK Partners distribution and coverage ratio was 1.11 times for both the third quarter and year-to-date 2016. In yesterdays earnings release we also lowered the partnerships expected maintenance capital spend for 2016. About $10 million of this reduction relates primarily to the timing of an NGL relocation project, $5 million for information technology upgrades, $5 million from lower than expected vendor and contractor costs, with the balance being various smaller items. We continue deleveraging the partnerships already strong balance sheet as trailing 12 months GAAP debt to EBITDA improved again to 4.3 times at September 30. We continue to expect leverage of 4.2 times or less for the full year 2016. The partnership has ample liquidity and more than $1.7 billion of capacity on its $2.4 billion credit facility at September 30. In October we repaid $450 million, 6.15% senior notes with the combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. We continue to have no debt or equity capital market needs, until well into 2017. However, we will continue to assess the markets for opportunities to proactively manage our future debt maturities and liquidity at the partnership. The proactive steps weve taken to improve our leverage position and balance sheet are being recognized. In October, Moodys affirmed the partnerships investment grade Baa2 credit rating and improved our outlook to stable from negative. Also, we expect these improvements will provide the partnership flexibility with excess coverage in the future. Options include, repaying debt, funding capital expenditures, acquisitions or increasing the distribution. On a standalone basis ONEOK ended third quarter with more than $230 million of cash and continues to expect to have approximately $250 million by year-end 2016, with an undrawn $300 million credit facility allowing us continued financial flexibility. ONEOKs third quarter dividend coverage was 1.3 times consistent with the second quarter. ONEOKs healthy coverage and liquidity provides flexibilities we transition into 2017. Leverage improvements increased distribution coverage and increased fee base earnings at ONEOK Partners have decreased thee potential need for ONEOKs support of the partnership. We will continue to be a supportive general partner to ONEOK partners, to help maintain its investment grade credit ratings, but also recognize that we have many potential options for the excess coverage at ONEOK. Those options include purchasing additional units in the partnership, repaying debt, repurchasing ONEOK shares, funding ONEOK Partners capital growth at the ONEOK level, acquisitions and increasing dividends to shareholders. Id like to reiterate, from a financial perspective, were pleased with the progress weve made in 2016 at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Through the downturn weve maintained our $0.615 per quarter dividend and ONEOK and $0.79 per quarter distribution at ONEOK Partners, while also improving coverage and reducing leverage through the proactive steps weve taken. And we continue looking for additional ways to increase shareholder value. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Terry.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Lets take a closer look at each of our business segments. Lets start with our Natural gas liquid segment and some updates to our outlook for the year. In the presentation we released with earnings, we updated our expected NGL volume estimates for 2016. We have seen lower volumes than expected with the lower margin gathered only barrels particularly on our West Texas LPG system and in the Barnett Shale. However, we have also seen higher fractionated volumes, as gathered and fractionated barrels that earn higher fee rates have been strong on the Bakken NGL pipeline and the Mid-Continent region and weve also fractionated more spot barrels during the year. We expect 2016 gathered volumes to average approximately 780,000 barrels per day, compared with our previous expected range of 800,000 to 870,000 barrels per day. And we expect volumes fractionated to average approximately 590,000 barrels per day, which is at the high end of our previous expected range. In the third quarter of 2016, we connected two additional third party natural gas processing plants, one each in the Williston Basin and Mid-Continent. Including the connection of our Bear Creek natural gas processing plant in the Williston Basin, weve connected a total of six new plants to our NGL system in 2016. At full capacity, Bear Creek is expected to generate approximately 10,000 to 12,000 barrels per day white grade takeaway excluding Y-grade takeaway excluding ethane. The expected ethane growth from the petrochemical industry remains a key opportunity for ONEOK partners. As we said previously, approximately one third of the ethane currently being rejected in the U.S. is on our system. We continue to expect a meaningful impact from the ethane opportunity as new petrochemical plants come online, plus an increase in ethane exports during 2017. And we expect as much as $200 million annual EBITDA impact to the segment launching for ethane recovery. Recently weve been talking quite a bit about the STACK and SCOOP Plays in Oklahoma and the rapidly developing growth opportunities they can provide to all of our business segments, but particularly our Natural gas liquid segment because of our position as a critical NGL takeaway provider in the area. We estimate that were currently gathering approximately 150,000 to 200,000 barrels per day of NGLs from the STACK and SCOOP areas, which accounts for more than 20% of our expected 2016 gathered volumes and demonstrates our strong position in the growing STACK and SCOOP areas of the Mid-Continent where many producers are moving in, drilling rigs and seeing very positive results. Wells in the STACK Play in particular are very NGL rich with 6 gallons to 9 gallons of NGLs per Mcf in the natural gas stream. Moving on to the natural gas gathering and processing segment, we expect natural gas volumes gathered to average approximately 1.5 billion to 1.6 billion cubic feet per day in 2016, compared with previous estimates 1.7 billion to 1.8 billion cubic feet per day. This whole driver of these changes as we said previously, are delays to large multi-well drilling pads and steeper than anticipated declines in gathered only volumes in the Mid-Continent. We expect natural gas volumes processed to average approximately 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion cubic feet per day in 2016, compared with previous estimates of 1.5 billion to 1.6 billion cubic feet per day. Our 2016 Williston Basin volume estimates remain unchanged and have benefited from a backlog of drilled but uncompleted wells, slowed natural gas capture, new plants placed in service and continuing infrastructure build up. While Mid-Continent volumes have been volatile this year, we continue to expect the segment to have higher natural gas processed volumes in the fourth quarter, compared with the third quarter 2016, as weve seen the completion of several wells in October and expect additional multi-well pad completions through the end of 2016 and into early 2017. We expect Mid-Continent processed volumes to reach nearly 690 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter. Specifically in the STACK, drilling economics remain viable based on recent conversations with our producers and well results have been impressive. Weve seen some wells on our acreage averaged 30 day peak initial production rates of 8 million to 10 million cubic feet per day. In the Williston Basin we expect natural gas processed volumes to reach nearly 780 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter. This volume increase is driven by our recently completed Bear Creek plant and by increased well completions as producers work off some of their drilled but uncompleted well inventory. The segments average fee rate remains $0.76 per MMBtu in the third quarter of 2016, unchanged from the second quarter 2016 and up $0.33 per MMBtu compared with the third quarter of 2015. Sustained higher fee rates have provided stable earnings for the segment and we expect the fee rate to stabilize in this range with some fluctuation due to volume or contract mix changes. With the full benefit of our contract restructuring efforts being realized in 2016 and volume benefits from capital growth projects completed this year, we expect to finish 2016 in line with our financial guidance for the segment. In the natural gas pipeline segment, adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter 2016 increased 17%, compared with the second quarter 2016, driven by increased contracted capacity. In October, the segment completed its 260 million cubic feet per day WesTex Transmission pipeline expansion and the second phase of its joint venture Roadrunner Gas Transmission pipeline, which adds an additional 400 million cubic feet per day of capacity to the Roadrunner pipeline. Both projects were completed ahead of original schedules and below cost estimates and are fully subscribed under long-term fee based commitments. Weve been successful in our strategy to new markets such as Mexico closer to supply areas, such as West Texas and then Mid-Continent. Our recently completed Roadrunner and WesTex pipeline projects are examples of our ability to do this and as the STACK and SCOOP continue to gain momentum, were well positioned to revive needed residue take away options. Were currently connected to 34 natural gas processing plants in Oklahoma with a total combined capacity of approximately 1.8 billion cubic feet per day and have a broad footprint throughout the state, placing us in a strong position to offer transportation and storage services as producer activity picks up in the Mid-Continent. Related to this effort, yesterday we posted a binding open season soliciting interest in expanding segments of our intrastate natural gas pipeline in Oklahoma, ONEOK gas transmission, to drive additional residue take away from the STACK and SCOOP production areas. The expansion would provide increased capacity in delivery options and the pipelines in the Western Oklahoma serving markets in the upper Mid-West and Texas. We have secured a firm commitment from a customer to support expanding the pipeline being incremental 100 million cubic feet per day and in the open season we will seek additional long-term firm commitments from shippers to support a broader expansion of the facility. With nearly 100% fee based earnings in the segment and our portfolio of high quality and high connectivity assets, well continue to look for additional opportunities to grow the stable business. Acting as a solution provider to end use markets has served us well and will continue to be a key segment strategy. To wrap up, Id like to reiterate that we expect to finish 2016 in line with our financial guidance. Weve seen better than expected results so far in our natural gas pipeline segment and on target results in our gathering and processing segment. Our natural gas liquid segment remained slightly below our operating income and equity earnings guidance for the year. With line of sight into our expected earnings growth, strong balance sheets at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and continued healthy coverage, we expect to be in a position to increase dividend and distribution payments to stakeholders in the second half of 2017, if industry fundamentals continue to improve. Financially and operationally were in a strong position and we have the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities to create additional shareholder value. Thank you for your continued support of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and as always, thank you to our employees for your hard work and continued dedication to operating our assets safely and environmentally responsibly. Operator, were now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: Good morning, I was just want to talk a little bit about OKEs tax situation going into 2017, what are you expecting for the cash tax rate if nothing changes and how are you thinking about managing coverage going forward if we have to assume that cash tax is [indiscernible]?
Derek Reiners: Eric, this is Derek. We will guide to cash taxes for 2017 when we rollout the rest of our guidance, maybe later this year or early next year. We do think about and we do forecast cash taxes as we think about distributions. Obviously, weve been running sicker coverage at OKE here in this period of some uncertainty, but as we look forward and think about the dividend growth, well consider the cash tax as a part of that announced.
Eric Genco: Okay, and if you were to consider doing a transaction at the OKE level, are there ways that you could basically structure a deal where you would be able to sort of take advantage of the OKE currency but then also shield some of the taxes, like if you were to buy a C core that had some differed taxes, would you be able to use that to shield some of the OKE income or does it exclusively go to whatever you purchase and just how should we think about that?
Wes Christensen: Yeah, I think youre thinking about that right Eric. Certainly we have - look the two balance sheets have some flexibility in terms of structuring any sort of an acquisition. Stock-for-stock deals probably would not result in a step up in the basis, but if we structure the transaction in some other ways such that the acquired entity is stepped up for tax purposes and obviously that would generate a fair amount of additional shield there.
Terry Spencer: Yeah, certainly, Eric, this is Terry. Yeah, were obviously highly focused on the tax liability in OKE and well continue with thinking about opportunities where we could acquire assets or businesses that could help shelter those taxes. So thats an ongoing process and certainly as we prepare our 2017 - were in the middle of our 2017 planning process with our boards. As we come out of that process, we may be in a position to shed even more light on our thought. And I think broadly speaking as we think about OKE coming to your earlier question, weve kept the sticker coverage in this very challenging environment, but I think as you think about coverage going forward at OKE over a much longer term period, were going to gravitate more toward a 1.0 to 1.1 coverage range. So thats kind of how were thinking about it in a much longer term perspective.
Eric Genco: Okay. Thank you for taking my question. Ill jump back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Well now take our question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Today and maybe I just can follow-up on the last question actually that you just had, which I think you answered based on the OK level. I was wondering if you can talk about it at the OKS level. Can you share with us how management in the board is thinking about whats the acceptable coverage ratio that you'd like to see at OKS before you would consider an increase? Some other management teams have talked about 115 being the new 105 or 120 being the new 105. Just wondering if you can sort of give us your thoughts with respect to that and - and how you're thinking about a higher retain DCF to fund growth CapEx kind of on a go-forward basis versus just maintaining the old 250 model?
Wes Christensen: Yeah, I think, Shneur, yeah, were thinking very similar to our peers caring a bit thicker coverage I think broadly speaking over the long term at OKS, coverage in the 101 to 102 range is kind of how we're thinking about it longer term.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then -
Wes Christensen: If we can - if we can establish a sustainable coverage at that level, then certainly we've got to be thinking about distribution growth when we get to that point.
Shneur Gershuni: Right. Okay. So, 101 to 102 is kind of the new target range that we should be thinking about for OKS?
Wes Christensen: Yeah, its correct.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then in terms of all the detail that you gave on the SCOOP/STACK I think was on Slide 4, you sort of talked about the potential for this SCOOP/STACK mentioned very minimal capital for 100,000 barrel increase on the NGL system. You also highlighted that you have some idle capacity decking come on line. So I guess I really have two questions. One, given all the excitement [ph] by the producers, what is the timeframe that we would expect to see you FID that decision to spend a 100 million in capital and bring that idle plant back? And then secondly, could we actually see new builds of facilities as well too beyond kind of the operating leverage that you just highlighted?
Wes Christensen: Well, Shneur, I think were seeing tremendous development in the STACK and SCOOP as we speak and it's - and it's still early. Now, this 100,000 barrel a day potential is, as we've said in the past, is a two to three-year phenomenon. Certainly, at the rate that we're seeing this development it could happen earlier. But a two to three-year timeframe I think is an appropriate way to think about it. And as we - as we move into 2017 and we hear more about producers plans and as they prove their budgets, we're going to get a better sense of the SCOOP and STACK and what it will mean to us from a timing standpoint. Well be in a position to better refine that certainly as we move into the first quarter 2017. Sheridan, do you anything to?
Sheridan Swords: The only thing I would add is that we continue to get multiple calls from the processors out there trying to add more plants in the area and as processors are talking to us, they continue to revise their volumes up. So, the chance of that moving forward in the two to three time frame is a great possibility.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay, great. Thank you very much guys. I really appreciate the color.
Sheridan Swords: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Gamble with Simmons and Company.
Brian Gamble: Good morning, guys.
Sheridan Swords: Good morning.
Wes Christensen: Good morning.
Brian Gamble: Good morning. A follow-up on that point, lots of producers out this morning and last night chatting about SCOOP/STACK development, down in Marathon, you feel the whole nine yard, it seems like they're adding rigs and putting out wells that are well in excess of what they had previously planned. The 150,000 to 200,000 barrels you're talking about that you're pulling now from SCOOP/STACK, is that - I guess were the upside potential there without additional - additional assets on your end and then you've mentioned the 100,000 barrels a day and the minimum capital there, is there I guess additional capacity within the system as it sits today for Q4, Q1, maybe Q2 just the short-term ramps or do we need to see dollars for that direction to allow additional volumes at the system?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah. So, you answered the question. We do have capacity available today for some of it. I think what we said, Sheridan, 40,000 barrels a day today. So, that's capacity that's existing naturally in the system that we don't - we don't have to expend any meaningful capital for that. There's the incremental 60,000 barrels a day that gets you to the 100,000 is where we'd have to spend some capital and I think that number was on the order of 100 million.
Sheridan Swords: Yeah, to get to the whole 100 million we need to spend, the whole 100,000, we need to spend about 100 million and a bulk of that is going to be the incremental pumps on Sterling to get to the 60,000.
Kevin Burdick: So, the gathering infrastructure that we have in the play is pretty extensive and it's been there a while and it's - were well positioned. Its the downstream moving the barrels downstream to the market where, as Sheridan indicates, where that capital has been spent.
Brian Gamble: Okay. Its helpful. And then on the net gas numbers pulling those down for the year, seem like the direction we're heading out to the Q2 results and kind of softness that is targeted for Q3. When we look at the exit rates, you mentioned the multi-pad well delays coming, I guess, coming into the fold, is that the only the - is that the only benefit that we're getting that leads to those higher rates or do those higher rates also foreshadow activity increases on top of the delayed connections?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, this is Kevin. It's really both. I mean we are seeing - there have been the delays that have really caused the lower volumes and the lower guidance. Those pads are coming online. We've seen some of that already completed in October. There are now some - some more - many additional wells to come online through the rest of this year and we've also got visibility into early 16 to expect that ramp to continue on into the early parts of 16 as well. So, with the producer activity and the ramp that we've seen in completions and also some visibility we have into rigs going forward, that's what gives us the confidence that that ramp will continue through Q4 and then into Q1.
Brian Gamble: Kevin, what type of magnitude of change so we see from Q4 into Q1 based on your visibility today? Just trying - I know too early to guide 17, but - but just given those comments, how dramatic is that continued ramp from current plan that you guys are aware of?
Kevin Burdick: Well, it's - it is a little too early to talk about some specific numbers into Q1 and part of the reason there is, as Terry talked in his remarks, the size of these wells are extremely large. So, pads or wells being completed and moving around a little bit can swing your numbers. But as we release our guidance for 17, well provide some more color on how that - how that ramp occurs throughout the year.
Brian Gamble: Great. I appreciate that, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question will come from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi. So, I actually wanted to start off on some of the M&A comments or response that you gave to an earlier question. When you - you talked about cash being paid to sale taxes versus giving equity to a potential target. What's the leverage that you would be willing to go to at the parent in such a scenario?
Derek Reiners: Christine, this is Derek. I think it depends a bit on the nature of the - of the acquisition and the - and the assets or the businesses within - within that business. So, if you think about what we've been trying to do over time is move more towards fee-based businesses, certainly the pipelines business where we've got Road Runner now in service in the West Texas expansion. Those more highly fee-based businesses perhaps could carry a little bit more leverage than one thats more volatile. So, I think it would depend a bit on that. What we've been targeting at the partnership for leverage is four times or less and we think we're going to be at 4.2 times or less by the end of this year. So, I don't think you would expect it to be dramatically higher than what we're thinking about today.
Christine Cho: Okay.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, I think ideally for us, the objective is not to get to four, but to get below four. And that's really - that's the long term goal, stay below four.
Christine Cho: At the LP?
Derek Reiners: That's right. That's in LP.
Christine Cho: Okay.
Derek Reiners: Thats in LP.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then moving over to the NGL segment, your Bakken G&P volumes were down sequentially over the last quarter, yet the volumes on the Bakken NGL pipe was up. It looked like there was some incremental ethane. But could you confirm that and talk about what's driving that?
Sheridan Swords: The ethane is about, Christine, this is Sheridan. The ethane is about the same between the two quarters. We are seeing - as we saw a [ph] little bit of ramp up in our other volumes from the third-party plant that kind of makes up a little bit of the difference there.
Christine Cho: Okay. So I think historically you guys have talked about like 25,000 barrels per day of ethane flowing down that pipe or what - what theyre currently running at?
Sheridan Swords: Well, actually about - I think what we said is 25,000 barrels a day is what ORM has extracted. What our plants have, were seeing above 30,000 barrels a day if you put all the plants in there.
Derek Reiners: So, thats affiliated in -
Sheridan Swords: Affiliated in 25,000 and you get above 30,000 with the non-affiliated plants.
Christine Cho: Okay. And we should continue - that level continues going forward?
Sheridan Swords: Thats correct.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then I might be kind of getting ahead of myself. But when we think - you talk about Sterling 3 expansion and it's clearly really low cost 100,000 barrels per day. I mean 60,000 that you can add for 100 million. But is that kind of the last of the low-hanging fruit like because we do kind of have a line of sight into all of those assets being fully utilized. So, beyond that, would it have to be looping if you were to add capacity and does the capital spend become like meaningful if you want to add capacity beyond that?
Sheridan Swords: Christine, if you want to add more raw fee capacity between the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast, which would be expanding Sterling beyond the 60,000 or expanding our buckle you will be talking about loops and it will be more meaningful.
Christine Cho: Okay. Can you give us an idea of how much more meaningful?
Sheridan Swords: Well, a lot depends on how much volume you want to put on there and which one we put it on, but I can't give you an idea without having running through the hydraulics and everything else and volume predictions.
Christine Cho: What about if a new build? How much more expensive would that be versus the looping?
Sheridan Swords: Well, the new build would be substantially more expensive. I mean if you're going to - and we think about putting pumps on is actually really low-hanging fruit, very cheap, as we just said. You get 60,000 barrels a day for less than 100 million. And if you're going to go put in a line depending on what size of the line and you're talking probably a little bit under $100 million, I mean a 100 - a million dollars a mile to put that in. So looping is going to be much closer to the putting pumps on than it will be to a completely new build.
Wes Christensen: Now, Christine, so the looping projects that we're talking about, we're not talking about necessarily a loop of the entire pipeline. These are - these are strategic loops between pump stations that we put depending upon the volumetric need in the most efficient place. So we're not talking about looping the entire - entire pipeline. So, thats something - so the capital - the capital expense a lot greater than just putting in pumps is not going to be the same as looping the entire pipeline.
Christine Cho: Got it. Okay, great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Well now go to Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning.
Wes Christensen: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Sorry if I missed it. But did you guys touch on the number of docks on your acreage across your systems?
Wes Christensen: We have not touched on it, but well tell you the numbers about 375 or so in the Williston Basin on our dedicated acreage. Is that right, Kevin?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, thats kind of where we're maybe - maybe slightly lower than that right now and that's where we do expect that number will start to trend down through the fourth quarter and that's what as we've talked about our Williston volumes and Terry in his remarks, when we think about the increased activity we're seeing, a lot of that is the completion of docks. So, we'll see that number trend down between now and the end of the year.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for that. And then there's - there has been a good amount of conversation on M&A in general. I was just wondering if you could take a step back at a higher level on how you see the market right now as far as the bid/ask spread? There has been some consolidation. There has been some transactions recently in this space. How do you see ONEOK fitting into that? Any thoughts would be helpful.
Kevin Burdick: Well, so, Jeremy, we continue to assess opportunities and the challenges continue to find opportunities and our potential targets that are willing to transact. The bid/ask spread is still - is still wide. I think there will be more transactions and certainly for us as we think about transactions and we just - not just from an M&A perspective, but acquisitions strategically make a lot of sense and those are good fit. Do they make sense within our footprint, do they bring in an olden amount of commodity risk to us or do they perhaps bring a lot of fee-based, stable fee-based business to us? Those are all things that we think about and certainly our bias is more toward fee-based and not as much commodity exposures as some of the midstream businesses have.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. That's it for me. Thank you.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Yeah. Good morning everybody.
Derek Reiners: Good morning.
John Edwards: Thanks for taking my question. Just you made the comment in the opening remarks on the potential raise in the distribution, if things continue to go well perhaps in the second half of 17. I mean is a logical move through there as you expect your leverage at OKS to drop under four times by the second half of next year?
Derek Reiners: Yeah, John, this is Derek. We do expect leverage to continue to ratchet down as we move through 2017. So, well be - I would expect that we would be in that area.
John Edwards: Okay. And then, Derek, I presume you - before you contemplate recommending an increase of the distribution, you would really rather be below four times leverage correct?
Derek Reiners: Well, sure, John, we would - I don't think we draw bright lines here and we're certainly looking forward even beyond 17 as we think about it going back to increasing the distribution. So if we've got to the good line of sight, I don't know that we're going to draw a bright line. But as I mentioned, we continue to see that leverage ratchet down and you've really seen that quarter after quarter here. I don't expect that to change.
John Edwards: Okay, great. And then just following on Jeremy's question on the M&A front, obviously you want to have businesses that could potentially integrate where there is a footprint DP-based, I mean if there are - I mean are you looking at, say, any kind of step out opportunities or something where you think you'd like to geographically be in areas where you arent currently? I mean just any thoughts around that potential appetite?
Wes Christensen: Most of the transactions - potential targets that we - that we think about do have some overlap within our existing footprint, but do modestly reach into some other areas? I think that that could make sense for us. Looking something - looking a collection of assets stand-alone significantly outside our geographic footprint just the buying stuff because it's perhaps - you can get it at a good value. Certainly it doesn't have much appeal to us. But - but yeah modestly outside our footprint, it could make some sense.
John Edwards: Okay. All right, my other questions have been answered. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Just one question really, just on the quarter, can you talk a little bit more about what's driving lower volumes on West Texas LPG? I would think just given the dynamics on the Permian that - that might be at least steady to growing and then does that anything to do with the rate dispute thats going on? Thanks.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, yeah, Michael, I think most of that on West Texas pipe is ethane, ethane rejection. I think that's the - that's the most of that impact. Sheridan, anything else?
Sheridan Swords: Thats right.
Michael Blum: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kevin Burdick: You bet. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ethan Bellamy with Baird.
Ethan Bellamy: Hey, guys. Whats the remaining flared gas capture opportunity in North Dakota look like? How much of a backlog do you think you have there?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yeah, we're - we're still in that 70 million to 80 million a day range, we have brought on Bear Creek. We don't have - the state reports of the flaring a couple of months in arrears, so we don't have that data yet to give the exact numbers, but I would absolutely - I mean we know the flaring has gone down as Bear Creek has ramped up. We've just, as recently as last weekend, kind of completed the last step of a gathering system expansion that put out some additional flares. So, I would expect that run rate - were expecting that run rate maybe to be in the 5% range kind of going forward if we think about the - our total production in the gas capture we expect going forward.
Ethan Bellamy: So, just to understand it correctly, 5% year-on-year versus 2016 total gathering up there?
Kevin Burdick: Im not sure. Apology there.
Ethan Bellamy: What do you mean exactly by 5%?
Kevin Burdick: Oh, okay, yeah, 5% of the production. So, if you go back to that theoretical chart that we put out there, were in that a little over a 800 million a day of production on our acreage. So if you look at 5% of that, 40 million to 50 million a day flared gas may be on going.
Ethan Bellamy: And when - as you look forward, when would you see that opportunity exhausted in terms of - at some point are you going to be capturing every - every new molecule that's produced or were going to see a consistent backlog there as producers continue to bring on wells and flared gas?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I don't - I don't think that it's ever going to go away completely. I mean there's always going to be some level of flared gas just to - just due to ongoing. You're always tying in new new infrastructure and new well connects, you're always going to have operational hiccups. So, there's always going to be some level of flaring and that's what I think that 5% range that would be kind of an ongoing run rate.
Ethan Bellamy: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Hi, good morning.
Sheridan Swords: Hey, Craig.
Craig Shere: So, are you still confident speaking of M&A? Are you still confident about ultimately hitting that six to eight times EBITDA multiple all-in for the West Texas LPG pipeline?
Sheridan Swords: Craig, this is Sheridan. Yeah, we're still confident. Were still getting - we are out there actively engaged with a lot of potential new processing plants that are coming on. So were very excited about the volume growth that we see on the West Texas system. So, we - yeah, were very confident about getting the six to eight times by I think what we said is 2020.
Craig Shere: Okay. And any color on when - and when that rate dispute might be resolved? I mean you're below market on your rates, arent you?
Sheridan Swords: We are below market on the rates. I think the best thing we could say about is that we're going through the process. We're comfortable about our case. But it's up to the Texas Railroad Commission how the case progresses. So, we hope it soon.
Craig Shere: Did they give a timeline for that?
Sheridan Swords: No. We have a procedural schedule that we're walking through.
Craig Shere: Understood and on the new STACK resolute gas pipeline opportunity, is it fair to say that that ought to be much better than the normal gas pipe EBITDA multiple and how large could it be?
Phillip May: Yeah, this is Phil. I think it would be probably a good multiple project. It's at this point just expansion. There may be opportunities to develop more capacity as the open season matures, which may - may mean that we need to put in some pipe. But, yeah, it's probably 200 million to 400 million a day. I would say its the sweet spot for us and it provides a lot of interconnectivity with the interstate pipelines out in West Texas. So it seems to be very popular discussion, because of the value associated with getting the molecules out there.
Sheridan Swords: Phil, you probably looked from a multiple standpoint, probably on the low end of that five - of our typical five to seven times, are you going to be on the low end of that multiple range,
Phillip May: Yes. Great, thank you.
Craig Shere: That's great for a gas pipe.
Sheridan Swords: Yeah, it is a great project.
Craig Shere: And, look, there is some noise in the quarter; something is a little better than one would have expected. Gas pipes had a good quarter. You had some down, some of the more volatile margin staff with spreads. But you basically met street expectations and you're guiding to flattish to up fourth quarter NGL volumes and rising G&P volumes sequentially. Commodity pricing is much higher than the third quarter to date. ISO to normal butane spreads are up sequentially into the fourth quarter and youll get a fourth quarter contribution from the recently completed pipes. My question is if you think street expectations of just over 20 million higher, sequential fourth quarter EBITDA might be light?
Kevin Burdick: So, Craig, from a street expectations, what we - what we've told you that from a financial guidance perspective we're going to - we're going to hit our numbers. Okay. And so, I don't know where that - where that puts you in the fourth quarter relative to the street, but we feel highly confident in our ability to hit this financial guidance. And you're right there is a lot of noise in the business, in the industry, and there is a lot of things that move up and down and you know what, I'm really glad were in a lot of basins and we've got a lot of levers to pull and weve pulled some levers during the third quarter and we continue to pull levers each and every quarter. So, we've got a lot of optionality, a lot of flexibility, a lot of opportunity. We do have some upside in the - in the - in the fourth quarter. Some of these volumes in the G&P business materialize as these big pads come on line. We could see - it's not gotten cold yet, so you could see some upside in terms of NGL pricing and spreads and what have you. But you also do have - you've got headwinds too and you've got heavy inventories in the - in the industry that could weigh on it and some uncertainly in the export markets that could affect the industry near term. All in all for us, it equates to a high degree of confidence in our ability to hit our numbers in terms of our guidance. Does that help - does that help you?
Craig Shere: That does. And I apologize I got on a little late. I had trouble dialing in. Was there any comment about the third quarter Mid-Con spot NGL gathered and the NGL frack spot volumes?
Kevin Burdick: Sheridan?
Sheridan Swords: The spot volumes in the third quarter were minimal. We didnt have all that spot lines in the third quarter, Craig.
Craig Shere: Okay. Great. And lastly with M&A, is there any particular side of the business that you would emphasize or a geography like Permian where you already obviously made a move or maybe the Niobrara, any kind of color on where your wish list would be?
Sheridan Swords: Craig, I think from the NGLs perspective, as we look at, we want to have something that is complimentary to the assets that we already have something that bolts on. I mean obviously from a resource play, the Permian is a very good play with West Texas pipeline, but in other areas anything we can put into our system to be able to continue that integrated chain is what we're going to be looking at.
Craig Shere: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks and good morning. Most of my questions have been hit. Just I had one quick clarifying question though. With respect to you guys have a more visibility to distribution and dividend growth in 2017; do you have a sense of what that magnitude could be at OKS than OKE?
Wes Christensen: No, we're not going to provide that information. We're going to - we go through our planning process here for 2017 here and to say were in the middle of that process now. When we issue guidance, maybe we'll provide a bit more specificity for you. We're not prepared to do that at this point.
Danilo Juvane: And as you sort of evaluate fundamentals potentially changing, you said that this sort of growth was contingent on fundamentals remaining intact, right. What specifically are you monitoring in terms of making that decision?
Wes Christensen: Well, certainly just the overall industry climate commodity price environment, our producers are feeling how are they - how are they spending their capital, the petrochemical space, are they on schedule with their petrochemical plants, and - and just the general - the general climate of the industry and in particular our business.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. That's it for me. Thank you.
Wes Christensen: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Eureste for any additional or closing remarks.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends to earnings are released after the market closes in late February. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Walt Hulse - Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Derek Reiners - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Wes Christensen - Senior Vice President, Operations Sheridan Swords - Natural Gas Liquids Kevin Burdick - Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Phillip May - Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Eric Genco - Citi Christine Cho - Barclays Tom Abrams - Morgan Stanley Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets John Edwards - Credit Suisse Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies Michael Blum - Wells Fargo
Operator: Please stand-by, we are about to begin. Good day, and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. T. D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and thank you for joining today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Senior Vice Presidents; Wes Christensen, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Natural Gas Liquids; Kevin Burdick, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Phill May, Natural Gas Pipelines. Before I hand the call over to Derek for the financial review, I will open with a few remarks. And after Derek's comments, I will discuss the segments performance and have some closing comments. We continue to like the progress we have made in the first half of the year towards achieving our 2016 financial goals at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Our geographically diverse assets located in the Williston, Mid-Continent, Permian, and Gulf Coast are meeting our customers needs by enhancing both supply and market connectivity. The asset footprint weve developed over the last decade has generated significant value to our stakeholders. To put the scale of investment and return to our stakeholders into a little perspective, since 2006 we have spent more than $9 billion in growth capital projects and acquisitions. In 2006, ONEOK Partners adjusted EBITDA was $615 million and distributions declared in 2006 were $1.80 per unit split adjusted. The partnerships 2016 adjusted EBITDA guidance is $1.88 billion and we expect distributions declared of $3.16 per unit in 2016. This impressive earnings growth with the partnership has also benefited ONEOK. In 2006, distributions declared for ONEOKs limited and general partner interests in ONEOK Partners totaled approximately $145 million, compared with ONEOKs 2016 guidance of approximately $790 million in distributions declared from the partnership. I would add we have prudently managed ONEOK and ONEOK Partners dividends and distributions through a number of challenging industry events without a decrease. We have slowed the capital spending during uncertain times to protect the partnerships balance sheet and investment grade credit rating, while aligning our business to take advantage of growth opportunities. Many of the investments we have made have positioned ONEOK Partners with continued running room for growth with minimal capital requirements. Available capacity in our natural gas liquid segments allows us to continue to benefit from increased volumes driven by expected higher ethane recovery levels and NGO volume growth from more than 180 natural gas processing plants connected to our system. Our natural gas gathering and processing segment also has considerable available processing capacity, as our new processing plants have demonstrated operating performance at higher capacity levels than our original design expectations. In addition, many of our gathering and processing plants are interconnected with each other, providing flexibility to direct NGO-rich natural gas volumes to the most efficient plants. Our hardworking and experienced operating team will continue to optimize our asset to further enhance performance across our facilities. As we continue to take advantage of the considerable capacity we have available across our natural gas and natural gas liquids businesses, our returns on invested capital, coverage, and leverage metrics should continue to improve. Now, Derek will provide a brief financial update on the quarter. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thank you, Terry. Starting at the partnership, second quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA increased 3% from the first quarter 2016, resulting from an increase in natural gas liquids volumes gathered in fractionated and higher average fee rates in the gathering and processing segment. Even in this lower commodity price environment, the partnerships year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $900 million is nearly $200 million more than in the same period in 2015. Last year's earnings were weighted more to the second half of the year, but to Terrys points, our assets continue to produce solid earnings in a very challenging pricing environment and we have significant room to increase our earnings with available system capacity. Our distribution coverage ratio increased to 1.15 times in the second quarter and 1.11 times year-to-date. This includes a one-time benefit from the change in the timing of cash distributions received from the partnerships equity method investment in northern border pipeline. Beginning in the second quarter, cash distributions related to the partnerships 50% interest in the pipeline are received monthly instead of quarterly. This one-time $15 million cash increase to distributable cash flow were approximately 0.07 times to coverage. Excluding this benefit, our distribution coverage ratio still continued to improve. The second quarter of 2016 represents the fifth quarter of consecutive increases in distribution coverage with our third consecutive quarter above 1.0 times. We continued deleveraging the partnerships already strong balance sheet as trailing 12 months GAAP debt to EBITDA improved again to 4.4 times at June 30. We continue to expect a leverage of 4.2 times or less for the full-year of 2016. The partnership has ample liquidity with more than $1.8 billion of capacity on its $2.4 billion credit facility. On a standalone basis, ONEOK ended the first quarter with nearly $180 million of cash and expects to have approximately $250 million of cash by year-end 2016, with an undrawn $300 million credit facility, allowing us continued financial flexibility. ONEOKs second quarter dividend coverage increased to 1.33 times with free cash flow of over $40 million after dividends.  Finally, you will note there is 7% increase in operating cost compared with first quarter of 2016. This increase is mainly in the Natural Gas Liquids segment, due to the timing of plant after integrity projects at our pipelines and fractionators and higher property tax estimates. Id like to reiterate from a financial perspective, we are pleased with the progress we have made in the first half of the year. We continue to have no debt or equity capital markets needs, including through our aftermarket equity program, until well into 2017. Although, we continue to evaluate opportunities to proactively manage debt maturities and liquidity at the partnership. And lastly, Id like to point out we accelerated the expected completion of phase two of the Roadrunner project and the WesTex expansion project to the fourth quarter 2016 from the first quarter 2017. With all thanks [indiscernible]. we could see a 2% or 3% resulting increase in the Natural Gas Pipeline segments operating income in equity earnings. We are maintaining our 2016 financial guidance expectations for about ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and expect to continue to navigate the remainder of the year with prudent financial position making. Ill hand the call back over to Terry.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Lets take a closer look at each of our business segments. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment continues to be a key driver of fee based growth for the partnership. We recorded NGL gathered and fractionated volume growth across the segments footprint driven by recently connected natural gas processing plants and increased ethane recovery in the Mid-Continent. The ethane opportunity remains a strong expected tailwind for ONEOK Partners. Our processing plant customers connected to our system averaged approximately 150,000 barrels per day of ethane rejection in the second, down from approximately 175,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2016. However, a portion of the fees associated with the increased volumes were previously being earned under contracts with minimum volume obligations, we expect ethane recovery levels to continue to fluctuate for the remainder of 2016. We continue to expect a meaningful impact from the ethane opportunity beginning in early 2017 and expect $200 million in annual impact to the segment wants in for ethane recovery. In addition to the ethane opportunity, the growing STACK and SCOOP plays in Oklahoma present an opportunity for Natural Gas Liquids volume growth as we remain a critical NGL takeaway provider in the area. Based on the conversations weve had with producer customers in the STACK and SCOOP plays and with the results they are seeing, we expect to gather an incremental 100,000 barrels per day of Natural Gas Liquids from the play. Our current gathering system capacity can handle the Natural Gas Liquids, out of the Mid-Continent when the region is in full ethane recovery, and we expect to have available gathering capacity of approximately 40,000 barrels per day at full ethane recovery. We can expand by an additional 60,000 barrels per day, with capital expenditures of less than $100 million for total available gathering capacity of more than 100,000 barrels per days. Excluding the impact of changes in ethane recovery, we continue to expect NGL volumes to be weighted toward the second half of the year, as incremental volumes from new natural gas processing plants connections continue to ramp up, including the connection of three third party processing plants from the first half of 2016. We expect to connect two additional third party plants, one each in the Williston and Mid-Continent and our Bear Creek plant in August 2016, which equals a total of six plant connections in 2016. From a Natural Gas Liquids perspective, supply and market connectivity remains our competitive advantage, or said another way; our competitive advantage is our ability to connect our producers in key basins to consumers in key market centers. A very important component of our integrated NGL system is the connectivity we have between Conway and Mont Belvieu, we have a significant amount of available capacity between these two market centers, which allow the Natural Gas Liquids out of the Williston, Rockies and the Mid-Continent to have connectivity to end markets. In the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, the average fee rate increased to $0.76 in the second quarter of 2016, driven by benefits from increased volumes on previously restructured contracts, and continued contract restructuring effort. This average fee rate is $0.08 or 12% increase compared with the first quarter of 2016, and a $0.37 or 95% increase compared with the second quarter of 2015. We expect the average fee rate to continue to increase, but at a slower rate compared with the last three quarters. We are continuing to work on restructuring more contracts to be primarily fee based to reduce earnings volatility and enhance margins. Additionally, we did add nearly 85 new well connections in the Williston Basin during the second quarter. There are 19 rigs currently on our dedicated acreage, along with approximately 350 drilled but uncompleted wells in inventory. Segment volumes decreased slightly compared with the first quarter of 2016, impacted by the planned facility maintenance, and weather events in the Williston Basin. We estimate without these occurrences the Williston Natural Gas Gathered and Processed volumes would have equaled the first quarter. The Mid-Continents volumes were impacted by the timing of well completions and volume declines.  Id like to emphasize that the Gathering & Processing segments EBITDA increased approximately $10 million from the first quarter, even with lower gathered and processed volumes, which show the value of the enhanced margins achieved through our contract restructuring effort. The STACK and SCOOP plays are also benefiting the Gathering & Processing segment as we continue to see strong producer results in the place. The majority of the well completions we expect to see at the end of 2016 and early 2017 are in the STACK which is becoming one of the top return plays, which bring significant opportunities to all three ONEOK segments and especially the Natural Gas Liquids segment. Our Natural Gas Pipeline segment had another solid quarter. We moved up the expected completion of phase 2 of the Roadrunner pipeline project to the fourth quarter 2016. The early expected completion resulted from good weather, limited issues with write away and less rock than expected during the construction process. We also moved up the completion date of the WesTex expansion project, as I mentioned previously which is complimentary to Roadrunner. This project is another example of our commitment to grow out the partnerships long term fee based business. Our continued focus on stable fee based earnings growth has positioned us well for the remainder of 2016, while we are optimistic about the long term outlook for commodity prices will continue to prudently manage our business and position it for continued earnings growth, while weathering the sometimes challenging and cyclical nature of the industry. Thank you for your continued support of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, and as always thank you to our employees, whose hard work, experience and good decision making has made for another solid quarter amid difficult industry conditions. It is through our employees hard work, creativity and dedication that our company remains well positioned to take advantage of the many opportunities, we have under development. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning guys.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Shneur Gershuni: Just a quick operational question and a big picture question, you know you had some interesting color about the Bakken, had the weather issues not been there you would have been in line with your first quarter, so when we think about the guidance that you sort of said at the beginning of the year, how would you say volumes are tracking versus plan and then when we think about a few rigs being added into the basin increasing completion crews I think it was announced by widening the other day as well too, how should we be thinking about the exit rate for the Bakken, do you think it will be higher than what you originally planning on in the original budget and then in contrast if you can talk about I guess a little bit more in doubt about producer completion plans in the Mid-Continent, does that change your exit rate there as well to, just wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on that.
Kevin Burdick: Sure this is Kevin, if we talk about Williston first, yeah I think the volumes are progressing very much as we anticipated coming into the year. We have had some producers announce some bringing some crews back and we do have that factored in. The weather and the facility maintenance we saw basically the minor decline in the second quarter. We are kind of flat right now as we move in, we have got Bear Creek which is now - say will be completed in August so we will see an extra 30 million to 40 million a day coming in when that plant comes online. Then towards the back half of the year, you know we are looking flattish type volumes as we go through the end of 2016. With the completion activity in the rigs that we currently have kind of on the schedule. If we transition to the mid-continent, little bit different story, we absolutely expect a back half waiting especially towards the end of the year as so of the large fab; the completions were delayed to the fourth quarter. So from that stand point, we do expect a ramp there and we have also had some gathered only volumes that have dropped off a little more than we anticipated coming into the year. But thats kind of how we see the mid-continent volumes shaped up through the end of the year.
Terry Spencer: This is Terry, Kevin and it is fair to say that we are seeing a lot of activity in the stack, and predict the feedback that we are getting from producers has been really remarkable. And so if you have got any other comments you have to say about the discussions you are having with producers.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, again the information I have seen come up so far this quarter and conversations we are having with our producers. The tight curves continue to improve. There has been couple of announcements already. The producers have strengthened tight curves in the area. We have seen results that have been quite impressive and a lot of the analysts are now talking it as one of the top place in the basin. We have about 200,000 acres of dedication in the stack. So we are very positive and bullish on what we expect through the - especially in the fourth quarter. It is just getting these completions on these pads done, most likely in the fourth quarter.
Shneur Gershuni: I guess a bigger picture question, when I looked at one of your opening slides, I think slide four, you sort of highlight the $9 billion of capital that you spend. When I think about in contrast with the OKS guide of just under $1.9 billion in EBITDA for this year. You have talked about $200 million worth of upside with respect to ethane in the near future, taking us over to $2 billion. I guess is that really a guidance quotient per say but in a more constructive commodity environment I am not talking peak oil but a constructive environment, how much operating levers does all this capital represent, you know could it would be another 10% - 20% higher at a more normalized commodity environment. I wonder if you can sort of give us a little color about your operating leverage.
Terry Spencer: Sure, so we think about that operating leverage in the capacity that we have available. When we think about our business, the capacity that we have available are certainly in the most active basins. Not just from a GMP prospect but also from NGL perspective where we have capacity and are in the good spot candidly. So when you think about more constructive environment say maybe $55 to $65 a barrel of oil environment, we are well positioned to capture more opportunities. So if you think about the impact from EBITDA perspective or the incremental EBIDTA I think 10% to 20% improvement if all those things happen. I think would actually be conservative. So I think we could outperform that considerably.
Shneur Gershuni: Great thank you very much guys. Ill jump back in the queue.
Operator: And our next question will come from Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: Hi good morning. Just want to touch real quick on the NGL segment; I was hoping you could expand a little bit about the MBCs that were absorbed by the increased ethane volume. I didnt realize the MBCs were like significant pieces just wondering if you could tell on what parts of the system have the MBCs associated with or escalating in. Just want to make sure that doesnt impact in any way the $200 million benefit that you had talked to in terms of going to fall I think recovery.
Sheridan Swords: Eric this is Sheridan, when we looked at the $200 million up lift from ethane recovery we took into consideration in the MBCs. But also the decrease in MBCs that you saw in the second quarter was not just from ethane, it was also from an increase in C3 plus volume we are getting from the added plant that were coming online. So it is not apples and apples when you compared that, but the big thins is $200 million took into account what we have in MBCs, there is already being captured.
Eric Genco: Okay and what part of the system do you have been, can you -
Sheridan Swords: We really have some across the whole system but most of this probably in the mid-continent.
Eric Genco: Okay and I think also in the press release you referenced there were some benefit in the Bakken from increases that made recoveries. I think that search in the crack was wide enough lot of Bakken except, can I read that correctly or whats going on there, just in sort of discounting, sort of competitive there, just wondering if you could stop there?
Sheridan Swords: We did see some more ethane recovery in the Bakken, but it was minor so less than 3,000 barrels a day and still it is all wrapped around this quality issue but we have a little bit of change but I think more on Kevins plan trying to keep it on the minimum level what they need to be that quality and it will bounce around little bit.
Eric Genco: Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from Christine Cho with Barclays
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone, so I wanted to start on your stacks group comment. Terry I think you said you have the opportunity to gather 100,000 mmbtu per day, what is the time frame on this and I noticed that you didnt say processing either so is it just gather only contract and also if you could just reiterate your comments about how you have already capacity to handle the huge volumes.
Terry Spencer: Okay Christine first thing, the number 100,000 barrels per day.
Christine Cho: Im sorry.
Terry Spencer: Yes we are talking primarily about gathering system capacity that is NGL gathering system capacity, once we make that comment.
Christine Cho: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Sheridan anything you can share.
Sheridan Swords: In terms of fractionation, we think first 40,000 barrels a day we would have fractionation capacity for when we expand the next 60,000 we think there is capacity in Mont Belvieu with other fractionators that handle that. If it wants we would be more willing to build our fractionation capacity and expand for that as we go forward but.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. And then I thought the first quarter fee based trade in GNP, what is the run rate to go off I think, you kind of guided us towards last quarter so, what happens in second quarter that drew those rate higher and I noticed that your implied equity volumes didnt look like it got smaller, so I need any clarification with overall.
Kevin Burdick: Christine, this is Kevin. Yes when we talked about the first quarter we did say that we expected, we were for the most part thought we have seen the peak of the increases. We did see some again some improvement in the fee rate, that is primarily driven from just a mix of our where the volumes are coming. Each quarter the volumes will have - it will grow in some areas and decline in other areas and just depending on the types of contracts those volumes are growing or declining, will move that fee right around. So in this case we had additional volumes show up on contracts that it had been previously restructured that had a higher fee rate, some of the declining volumes were occurring on the contracts that had a lower fee rates. In addition we continue to just as part of our normal commercial activities as contracts come up with the term and so forth we work with our producers to again try to remove as much risk out of our businesses as possible and continue to convert and move the contracts to more fee based contracts.
Christine Cho: I see and then on the restructuring, are they still mostly happening in the Bakken and then how much of the Bakken can still be restructured meaning you know what percentage of the volumes haven't been converted yet?
Derek Reiners: You know that it's occurring all over our system, so we dont just limit it to the Bakken, as we think about moving in and you know driving to a more fee-based structure, is getting into the specifics of how much remains, I don't know that I want to talk about that, we will just continue to work that in due course.
Terry Spencer: You know Christine, I guess, this is Terry. I would add that when we set out in the Williston Basin with this objective to restructure these contracts, there were some fairly large contracts that were already heavily fee based that we felt like we could and we did, and we left those contracts alone, we were satisfied with those. So those contracts still remain. But I think for the most part I think we've accomplished what we set out to do. I would not anticipate a whole lot more contract renegotiation happening obviously until - now some of these contracts come up to term many years down the road. So I think for the most part weve accomplished what we set out to do, for the ongoing perspective we will stay focused in particular in the Mid-Continent to restructure where we can understanding that the challenge there is that the contracts are much smaller, there's not a lot of large volume contracts and it's a bit more tedious work and of course more challenging, more challenging environment.
Christine Cho: Okay, thank you and then last question from me, how much NVC are you still collecting right now in the NGL business, dollar wise or volumes or whatever you can give would be helpful?
Terry Spencer: Christine, wed not disclose that information, not going to disclose it here.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tom Abrams from Morgan Stanley.
Tom Abrams: Thanks. Just thinking about Oklahoma and the SCOOP-STACK and the excitement building there, is there any buzz that we get out of the Cana-Woodford, is that additive to the SCOOP-STACK thought processes, or is it operationally separate?
Kevin Burdick: Tom, this is Kevin. I guess when I talk about the STACK, wed roll in, I mean the Cana is right there with it. So as we think about our gathering system and our processing capacity, we kind of we pull those two together.
Tom Abrams: Okay, fair. And then with all that [indiscernible] excitement is going to move up the need for some residual gas takeaway, when does the industry need to commit to a project and I guess really when can we, would it be Roadrunner 3. How would you guys play?
Terry Spencer: Let Phillip May handle this question.
Phillip May: Yeah we are actively in conversations with the producers about the issue and frankly have been for a couple of years, commodity prices coming off a year or so ago, kind of dampened that discussion but it's ramping up pretty rapidly right now. We have a pretty extensive interest rate system in Oklahoma that access somewhat of a super system, so we're very attractive to some of those producers from a residue takeaway perspective. But we do get to a point where we exhaust all of our available capacity and we're going to have to build a project and we've got a couple things that we're talking about right now to several of those producers. So I think it's sooner rather than later.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to that is that, if you think about your question relating to Roadrunner, many of these producers in here in Oklahoma understand what Roadrunner means to producers up in this region and many of them would like to have access to that pipeline and get access to those markets in Mexico, so they're thinking broadly about where they can get their gas and access to those markets in Mexico and certainly it could like with the WesTex project it could other projects similar to Roadrunner or related to Roadrunner could develop as a result of that high level of interest in producers who wanted to get to markets in Mexico.
Tom Abrams: And just lastly, could you remind us of your debt to EBITDA comfort zone or target. How much you might want to drift below that temporarily if you're waiting for a project like this to be to come in?
Derek Reiners: Sure, this is Derek. We finished June 30 about 4.4 times debt to EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis, I think if you look at that on a run rate it's closer to, it's around 4.2. Our target is to get that below four times and obviously we've been taking steps to actively make that happen. So obviously we've got capital in our forecast and so we'll factor that all and that's still headed towards the four times or less.
Tom Abrams: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: Thanks. As an extension of the question from [indiscernible], you guys have met your budget for the year thus far. If you continue to do so what are expectations for the resumption of dividend growth and distribution growth that OKS has and how much is your leverage target sort of playing out that that decision?
Terry Spencer: As far as dividend and distribution growth goes it's still early. We continue to assess the markets, you know the markets have backed up a bit here as of late. We're not out of the woods yet as an industry. So we're going to continue to try to carry that coverage we're building coverage that at OKS and getting it really gotten some good traction there. We hate to back up on that prematurely so as we move into the planning phase here in late 2016, and put together our forecast and guidance for 2017, we will certainly assess and there is a possibility of increases in the distribution in the dividend. But candidly at this point in time we like where we are right now. I think it's prudent to manage it the way we've been doing it.
Danilo Juvane: Alright, the follow-up to that, if you post it at the end of the year and you are still targeting if not modestly exceeding your budget, would that put you in a position to consider an increase at that point or I guess what else would you be looking for - on the end of the year?
Terry Spencer: Well okay, so let me just reiterate we get to the end of the year through our planning phase, we're going to sit down with our Board and we're going to - we will assess our cash needs and make a decision at that particular point in time and certainly when we roll out you'll know exactly what our plans are.
Danilo Juvane: Great thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Yeah, good morning and congrats on a nice quarter, just Terry could, I mean you made some comments about ethane recoveries, I mean and I think you said it was like 3000 barrels a day or so, so not a whole lot here in the first and second quarter, but as we're moving here into the second half, I mean in terms of incremental ethane recovery volumes, what do you think you're going to be seeing at this point and then obviously you've put on some slides out there where you're expecting a pretty large increase in 2017, so maybe if you could just a little more color on the trajectory would be great?
Terry Spencer: Sure, I will let Sheri to tackle that question.
Sheridan Swords: John, we did see increased ethane recovery in the second quarter but as the price have slid and spread between ethane and natural gas have compressed, we are back down into the 175,000 to 200,000 barrels a day of ethane being rejected across our system today and really we expect that ethane recovery in rejection will kind of inadvertently go in and out as we finish the rest of the year, but we don't expect a whole lot more of ethane recovery to the rest of this year. As we get into 2017, we think that we will gradually come out of ethane rejection as we first quarter 2017 in the Mid-Continent and we'll probably end up the end of the year being about half - into 2017 being about half what we are today.
John Edwards: Okay, all right so somewhere in the kind of 80,000- 90,000 range of additional recovery is I guess is a fair number.
Sheridan Swords: Yes.
John Edwards: Okay, all right and then you were talking a little bit I think to it was Christine's question as far as any additional upside from restructurings. I mean and I know you don't really want to talk too much about or quantify it in some way. I mean can you say that you know directionally at least you are expected to be higher, I mean could you at least give us that much as far as that goes?
Derek Reiners: Yes. I think directionally we would expect it to continue to creep up but I dont - again I dont know, I dont expect that you are going to see the sizable increases we have seen over the previous couple quarters.
John Edwards: Okay, alright. Thats helpful, thats it from me. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Jeremy.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, its Chris on for Jeremy. The first question is on JMP fee based margins, youve talked about them in the first half of this year, so when we were thinking about the second half, so to what degree could contract restructuring benefit the second half of the year and also how much of a mixed shift could that - could impact results in the second half as well.
Terry Spencer: Kevin, you want to reiterate.
Kevin Burdick: When we talked about, we have seen the uptick in the first half, as we think about it in the second half of the year, I would think about it kind of where we are at just a slight increase maybe as we go to the rest of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then in terms of the contract restructuring thus far, what kind of, you see where we are in, in terms of the existing, are you current expectation and then also in terms of your efforts thus far whats been your success rate with customers internal feedback at large?
Derek Reiners: Again as I and Terry has talked about, when we set out in 2015, we have accomplished almost everything we set out to do. So we are well into the game, and we will continue as we have opportunities going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, and then lets move on to asset recovery, you guys mentioned, you have seen some ethane recovery, but at the same time, its kind of an offset by those NVCs, so I was wondering what part of the system is exact on the fraction ration in NGL pipes, any color there would be helpful.
Sheridan Swords: Yeah I mean most of the ethane recoveries we have seen have come out of our Mid-Continent volume, and some of its been on transportation element, and some of that you have seen come out of the frac space, unless they [indiscernible], and today that ethane has gone back to rejections, we were back to where we were at the start of the year, between 175,000 to 200,000 barrels a day on the system.
Unidentified Analyst: And when we think about the cadence going in at 2017, I guess to what extent are those NVC is going to impact potential uplift?
Sheridan Swords: Well, the 200 million, when we said we had a $200 million uplift, when all of that comes down, we took in to account the NVCs when we stated that number.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thats helpful and last one from me, on the Roadrunner you guys were ahead of your schedule for 4Q 16, whats driving the earlier than expected start-up date?
Terry Spencer: Well candidly, we have done a great job in construction, and we have got great contractors out there, getting the work done, we had the benefit of weather. I think as I said in my comments, we actually expected to encounter some difficult conditions in the way of rock, and we have just not encountered those conditions, so its just gone very well, and accordingly we are ahead of schedule and revising our completion date.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, thanks a lot guys.
Terry Spencer: You bet, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Hi Craig.
Craig Shere: I know that you didn't want to get into how much remains on the NVCs, thats covered by existing volumes, but perhaps you could help us with getting a sense for when you expect ethane recovery to start or meaningfully hitting the bottom line, is it a first half type situation or to really feel some of the stronger Mid-Continent benefits next year or it's really more second half.
Terry Spencer: Well what I would say is we think that we will ramp up the Mid-Continent volume that goes to Belvieu in the first half, 2017 more weighted towards the latter part of the first half. And then the second half is where you'll get a little bit more the Mid-Continent, maybe they will have a common pricing out of it. So you would say you would see most of it weighted towards the second half, but you will start seeing meaningful impact in the first half of 2017.
Craig Shere: Okay, great. And another question is about the dividend distribution policy, like I know it's a dynamic market, I know we got to wait, you'll be in your planning phase some months, as we move towards the end of the year, but you normally have annual dividend distribution policy and we're in a very dynamic market and you've already commented how you're in the catbird seat to take advantage of recovering markets once they stabilize. If we're in mid-2017 and all of a sudden things are looking better, producer activity is changing, could you call an audible and make a mid-year adjustment?
Derek Reiners: Certainly we could, and we look at it every quarter, and we examine it, and then spend as you would expect a robust amount of time talking about our dividend and distribution policies with the two companies. So it's entirely possible that if the conditions in our point of view change or improve dramatically, certainly we would consider it.
Craig Shere: Okay, great. And last quarter, there were some comments about an attractive situation for cost reduction opportunities. I know that we had a bit of a sequential increase in quarterly OpEx, but some of that was partly due to timing issues. Can you elaborate about ongoing prospects for both corporate overhead, OpEx, cost containment in this market environment?
Terry Spencer: Well. So you know broadly speaking the low hanging fruit in terms of cost containment or cost reduction opportunities is really attributable to reduced contractor cost that is the market and the rates associated with the services that we hire out, had reduced dramatically and they continue to soften. So thats probably the lion share of the cost benefits. Certainly we are working to try operator assets efficiently and try and find ways to reduce maintenance cost in other ways in just the market, and weve had some success in doing that, but I think in the first quarter I think generally speaking, we were talking more in the order of whats the market giving us in terms of reduced rates.
Craig Shere: Okay, do you see any ongoing opportunity there or weve already kind of
Terry Spencer: Probably, the lowest hanging fruit has already been picked, but we continue to apply pressure. And there continues to be fallout and adjustments in the third party service arena and we're constantly looking for opportunities to get you know better rates and lower costs from our suppliers and vendors, there's still opportunity out there although it's slowing.
Craig Shere: Okay, great, and last question, I'm sorry, it was probably in the prepared comments, but what was the spot volumes in the quarter again?
Derek Reiners: For NGLs?
Craig Shere: Yes.
Derek Reiners: I dont think we provided that number but, Sheridan do you want -
Sheridan Swords: Its about 8000 barrels.
Craig Shere: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey Terry.
Terry Spencer: Hey Chris, how you are doing?
Chris Sighinolfi: I'm good, I'm good thanks. Nice work on that continued improvement in the gathering fee and I appreciate the dialogue around the role in the mix shift, we were curious about that ourselves. I'm just curious, I guess with regard to the ongoing re-contracting effort itself and realizing you know that the bulk of those identified opportunities have already been done, but I'm just wondering if there is any change in producer acceptance of that effort. You know I ask it because there was at Williston Basin, producer who this quarter disclosed that its initiated arbitration for seatings with its midstream provider because it was unwilling to do a move to fee and so I am just wondering if that's indicative of anything or if thats anything you've seen.
Terry Spencer: Well I won't make any comments about the producer, but what I will say is that with nearly all the producers we've dealt with all have understood the story and the rationale. They understood why our contracts had certain provisions in them that allowed this to happen or allowed the renegotiation to happen. They understood the need. They understood the requirement that we continue to need to be incentivized to invest capital in these areas. I think all the producers got it. None of them really - none of them liked it, but they understood the reality. They certainly did not want us to pick up and invest capital elsewhere. They needed capital to continue to be invested; they needed the services in order to monetize their reserves and continue to produce their crude oil candidly in the basin. So they all understood the rationale and as I said before, it was a long process, one that was carefully, we were very careful on the discussion with the producers, and patient and very open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay thanks.
Terry Spencer: Does that help you?
Chris Sighinolfi: It does, yeah, we havent seen any issue like that, and then we started this one last quarter, so I was just curious if that signal just shifted, it seems like it maybe just an one-off situation. So I appreciate just the clarification on that. Switching gears a little bit, maybe thats a question for Sheridan, but wondering in your ethane outlook, how much switching that you guys are encouraged by the crackers, I think earlier in the Q&A dialog you talked about beginning to move more ethane towards the first half of 2017. Im just wondering what has taken there with regard to - effectively the feedstock ability on the cracking fleet, there was an assumption or if there is just a general way to think about that.
Sheridan Swords: When you say switching, switching feeds to propane.
Chris Sighinolfi: Yeah exactly.
Terry Spencer: Cracking propane instead of ethane, you know our view always has been and we still understand that most of these crackers only can crack at bay, okay there is few that have the capability to switch and I think there's been perhaps some, I dont know if it's confusion or what, the information hasn't been real clear, but we talk to these petro chemical companies all the time and we have a very good understanding of what they can and can't do and Sheridan, actually Ill let Sheridan -
Sheridan Swords: And we think that there's a switching capability that the crackers can consume somewhere around 500,000 barrels a day of propane, which we are doing about 400,000 today. So there's not a whole lot more switching capability. As Terry said, the new crackers that are coming online the big crackers all except for Dow are ethane only crackers and Dow has some flexibility and it's not - none of these are it's not a full flexibility, but they can't consume a little bit more, switch a little bit in between propane and ethane, but mostly everything is coming on and all the expansions are ethane only.
Chris Sighinolfi: Right, so switching that we have focused on would obviously be on the legacy fleet, but if there's a pickup and I think demand from the new end services, if prices are warranted not - not a totally crazy scenario that there might be some loss on the legacy fleet?
Sheridan Swords: Right.
Chris Sighinolfi: But your point is as you look at it you think at most that would be about 100,000 barrels a day?
Sheridan Swords: Right.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, all right well thanks a lot guys. I appreciate the color.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Chris.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next will come from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hey everyone.
Terry Spencer: Hey Michael.
Michael Blum: Just on the, I guess this is one question, the uptick in NGL optimization and marketing, can you just kind of talk about what's driving that and I guess not expecting you to give us the secret sauce, but just kind of what type of metrics can we look out from the outside to sort of try to predict a little better how that business will trend.
Terry Spencer: Sheridan, you got any sauce?
Sheridan Swords: Yeah, there is a secret sauce. But Michael when I look at it, as when you look at optimization the big thing you want to look at is you want to look at the spreads on all five products between Conway and Belvieu, and we've seen a little bit wider spreads between Conway and Belvieu, and that's why you're seeing an uptick in optimization. On the marketing, the big thing we've seen in the second quarter had been we were moving a lot of propane from the Bakken and from the Northeast into Conway and that shows up in our marketing our - that's where our truck and rail activity is housed, we're seeing a lot of movement come into the Mid-Continent. Over December period time, it will be the second, third quarter, we will see that moving of propane.
Michael Blum: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Theresa [Indiscernible] with Simmons and Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, just a quick follow-up on the NGL supplier opportunities in the SCOOP and STACK. When you're talking about the 100,000 incremental barrels per day of NGL, can you just give us a sense of what kind of pricing assumptions are baked into this and whether strategic [Indiscernible] like sub 40?
T.D. Eureste: Pricing - I'm sorry, pricing assumptions for the NGLs, what we were charged, only thing we have put out there is that the average price we have in the Mid-Continent is roughly around $0.08 per gallon. That is a combination of both when we delivered Conway into Bellevue, most of these will probably go to Bellevue, so you're probably $0.08-plus per gallon of what we are charged for this movement if our customers want to go to Bellevue.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And just one other one on the continued strength in process in fractionated volumes. Should we expect this to continue into Q3 or just expect more of like the seasonal shift in Q4 as usual? And also would you think of adding even more incremental processing plans aside from the three connections expected in the second half of 16 if we continue to see this increase in volume?
T.D. Eureste: When you look at the fractionation volumes in the uptick you see from the first and the second quarter, you've got to be a little careful, because we did have a lot of raw feed in storage from the first and the second quarter. So, you really need to kind of think about those averages across the two and we had a little bit spot volume and some more ethane recovery that kind of boosted those numbers up there. We still think that we look at our guidance that we have out there for fractionation will be middle, will be right around the middle, maybe a little better than that for the rest of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thats it from me. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: And our final question will come from Tom Abrams with Morgan Stanley.
Tom Abrams: Yeah. Just a question on the Bakken and kind of how does it work question, as the wells produce and you get more gas I think as they mature, do you get more NGLs such that if production were to say, oil production were to say remained flat that you would actually see an increase in gas processed and an increase in NGLs recovered.
T.D. Eureste: Kevin, youre following?
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, I mean we have especially in the Williston we have seen an increased gas to oil ratio in the core, so that's where we have seen as oil has been flat to slightly declining, the gas produced out of the basin has actually strengthened over the last several months. It came off a little bit in May - in April and May, but that's the phenomenon. More of it I think is related to the wells being drilled in the core as much as it is just the increasing gas as the oil declines.
Tom Abrams: I got you.
T.D. Eureste: The only thing I'd add to that is in the core that those gas to oil ratios are much higher than in other parts of the basin, right.
Kevin Burdick: Thats correct.
T.D. Eureste: Yeah.
Tom Abrams: Good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. I'll turn the conference back to Mr. T.D. Eureste at this time for any additional or closing remarks.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you. A quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extends until earnings are released after the market closes in early November. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Walt Hulse - Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Derek Reiners - Chief Financial Officer Wes Christensen - Senior Vice President, Operations Sheridan Swords - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids Kevin Burdick - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Phillip May - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Eric Genco - Citi Brian Gamble - Simmons and Company Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Christine Cho - Barclays Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Becca Followill - US Capital Advisors Shneur Gershuni - UBS Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan John Edwards - Credit Suisse
Operator: Please stand-by, we are about to begin. Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to today's host Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning, and thank you for joining today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, Chief Financial Officer; and Senior Vice Presidents, Wes Christensen, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Natural Gas Liquids; Kevin Burdick, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Phil May, Natural Gas Pipelines. I'll begin with a few opening remarks, then Derek will give a brief financial update and then I will wrap up with highlights of the first quarter, our outlook for the remainder of the year and our ethane opportunity. To begin, first quarter 2016 performance was a result of the progress made last year by continuing to focus on increasing our fee-based earnings, reducing commodity price risks in our businesses, project execution and making prudent financial decisions all while continuing to operate safely and responsibly. In this challenging market conditions, we have relied on our strengths, which for ONEOK Partners are predominantly fee-based earnings, our uniquely positioned assets and our dedicated employees. Our competitive advantage is our integrated network of assets that fit and work well together. Our 37,000-mile network of pipelines, processing plants and fractionators are well positioned to withstand the cyclical nature of the industry. Our assets in the Williston Basin have served us well, and we continue to benefit from the basin's large natural gas reserve base and inventory of flared NGL-rich natural gas. Our Natural Gas Pipeline segment remained well positioned to expand its fee-based natural gas export capabilities, particularly to Mexico where we have key relationships through our joint venture Roadrunner Gas Transmission Pipeline and our extensive Natural Gas Liquids business maintains a growing position in the Rockies, Texas and emerging STACK and SCOOP plays in Oklahoma, providing us a large and diversified base with which to serve our end-use customers.  The partnership's distribution coverage increased to 1.06 times in the first quarter, up from 1.03 times in the fourth quarter 2015 and significantly higher compared to the beginning of 2015 which is a reflection of our increasing stable cash flow as we now have a significant amount of infrastructure completed and are able to harvest earnings, particularly in the Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Liquids businesses. ONEOK Partners first quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $445 million represents a nearly 40% increase compared with the first quarter 2015. Executing on our growth projects, contract restructuring, capital and cost savings and consistent operations were key drivers to delivering the greatly improved results from a year ago, even in the face of deteriorating industry fundamental throughout 2015. From an operating perspective, volume growth across our businesses, increased fee-based earnings, and ongoing cost reduction efforts across ONEOK Partners business segments have all contributed to a solid first quarter and positive outlook for the remainder of 2016. In the midst of some of the industry's most challenging conditions, our employees once again performed exceptionally well by successfully executing on our strategies to mitigate risk, reduce capital spending and operating costs, and manage our balance sheet. It is through their hard work and determination that our company delivered impressive results quarter after quarter in 2015, and we remain as committed as ever to delivering even better results in 2016. Through our key strategies and well managed and operated assets, our employees have, with a high sense of urgency, met the challenge, just as they have many times in the past. I'd like to thank them for their hard work and commitment to deliver value to the bottom line safely and reliably. Well cover each of the segments in more detail later in the call, but first I'd like to have Derek give us some brief financial update. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thanks, Terry. Both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners ended the first quarter in a strong financial position with healthy balance sheets and ample financial flexibility. As Terry mentioned, ONEOK Partners first quarter distribution coverage was 1.06 times. ONEOK's first quarter dividend coverage was 1.31 times, which together with cash on hand entering the year maintains ONEOK flexibility to provide financial support to the partnership if needed. In yesterday's earnings news releases, we maintained our 2016 financial guidance expectations for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Our proactive financial actions in 2015 and early 2016 and enhanced earnings from the partnership has allowed the partnership to deliver on distribution coverage, while also reducing leverage. The partnership's capital expenditure guidance remains $600 million, including $140 million of maintenance capital for 2016, as the reliability and integrity of our assets is the foundation of our success. However, we are seeing aggressive bidding from our vendors on maintenance projects and the timing associated with our maintenance activities can vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to seasonal impacts in varying maintenance cycles across our ever-changing asset base. Typically our maintenance capital spending is lower in the first quarter. Sequentially maintenance capital decreased $8 million in the first quarter, primarily due to our maintenance project plan for the quarter having fewer projects compared to the fourth quarter, which is not unusual when compared to our historical spending profile. We are on plan for our scheduled maintenance projects for 2016. Similarly, as it relates to operating cost, we continue to see competitive, lower pricing and rates from service providers and we have significantly reduced contract labor across all of our segments. In the first quarter we realized $15 million sequential decrease in operating cost. And as Terry mentioned, we continue to focus on internal operating cost reduction efforts company-wide. We expect these cost savings to continue throughout the year. In January, ONEOK Partners entered into $1 billion three-year unsecured term loan, effectively refinancing our 2016 debt maturities and enhancing financial flexibility. With approximately $1.9 billion of capacity available on the ONEOK Partners credit facility at the end of the first quarter, the reduction of more than $2.2 billion in capital growth projects in two years and higher earnings, the partnership does not need to access public debt or equity markets well into 2017. The partnership continues to progress towards deleveraging as our trailing 12 months' GAAP debt to EBITDA improved to 4.5 times at March 31st. And we continue to expect annual GAAP debt to EBITDA ratio of 4.2 times for the full year 2016 as a result of prudent financial, operating and commercial execution. As always, we remain committed to the partnership's investment grade credit ratings. On a standalone basis, ONEOK ended the first quarter with nearly $130 million of cash and expects to have approximately $250 million of cash by year-end 2016 and an undrawn $300 million credit facility, allowing us financial flexibility as we continue to navigate a challenging market environment. In February, we provided detailed information on our counterparty credit risk. Weve included similar information again this year in our Form 10-Q but there havent been any substantial changes. We have a very high quality customer base and no material counterparty credit concerns. The majority of our top customers are large petrochemical and integrated oil companies, which have a higher tolerance for volatility and commodity prices. Our track record of prudent and proactive financial decisions during uncertain times resulted in ample liquidity, too strong balance sheets, and a strong customer base. ONEOK and ONEOK Partners remain well positioned to withstand a volatile commodity and financial market environment. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Let's take a closer look at each of our business segments. In the Natural Gas Liquids segment, volumes continued to increase year-over-year with first quarter 2016 volumes gathered up 6% and volumes fractionated up 16% compared with the first quarter of 2015. Compared with the fourth quarter 2015, volumes gathered and fractionated were lower primarily due to decreased spot volumes, higher ethane rejection and seasonal impacts. We continue to expect NGL volumes to be weighted toward the second half of the year as incremental volumes from new natural gas processing plant connections continue to ramp up. In the first quarter, we connected three additional third-party plants to our NGL system and we continue to see volumes ramp at the eight plants we connected in 2015. We expect to connect one additional third-party plant this year in addition to completing and connecting our 80 million cubic feet per day Bear Creek plant in the Williston Basin where additional flared natural gas remains ready to come online. Williston Basin NGL volumes, our highest margin NGL volumes with bundled rates more than three times of those in other regions, remained strong in the first quarter. The average volume gathered on our Bakken NGL Pipeline increased nearly 12% compared with the fourth quarter 2015, driven by the completion of the Lonesome Creek plant in November 2015 and compression project. I'll also talk about ethane and provide an update on our ethane opportunity outlook in just a moment. As it relates to the West Texas LPG system, in July 2015, we increased rates on this system to be more in line with market rates. In March, the Texas Railroad Commission suspended the rate increase until it is determined by the Commission if the rates are in line with the market. We are confident that our increased rates are just in reasonable and in line with the market. However, regardless of the outcome of the pending case, our current 2016 financial guidance remains as indicated. As you all can appreciate, due to the legal process now underway with the railroad commission, it will not be prudent at this time for us to discuss this case in any more detail. We will provide future updates or commentary when and if it is appropriate. In the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, Williston Basin volumes were a key driver to our first quarter performance. Our Natural Gas volumes processed reached 810 million cubic feet per day as we captured previously flared gas and connected new wells to our system. Average natural gas volumes processed in the Williston increased 44% in the first quarter 2016 compared with the first quarter last year, and increased 6% compared with the fourth quarter 2015. Our producer customers continue to drive improvements in initial production rates through enhanced completion techniques, and combined with the higher natural-gas-to-oil ratios in the core areas where virtually all of our new wells are being connected, have helped offset the reduction in drilling and completion activity. We will continue to benefit from more than 820 wells connected in 2015 and the 115 wells connected to our system in the first quarter 2016. The vast majority of these high performing wells are in the most productive areas of Williams, McKenzie, and Dunn counties in North Dakota where we have more than a million acres dedicated to us and an extensive network of interconnected gathering lines, compression, and processing plants. There are currently 900 drilled but uncompleted wells in the basin, with nearly 400 on our acreage. We saw a decline in the drilling rig count across the Williston Basin during the first quarter and currently have approximately 15 rigs operating on our acreage under dedication. Flared natural gas in North Dakota was reported at approximately 185 million cubic feet per day for the state in February, with approximately 70 to 80 million cubic feet per day on our system. This continues to present an opportunity for us as we add processing capacity to our system in the third quarter 2016 with the completion of our Bear Creek natural gas processing plant. In the Mid-Continent, first quarter 2016 processed volumes increased 8% compared with fourth quarter 2015 volumes. Similar to the Williston, our producer customers continue to drive significant increases in initial production rates through enhanced completion techniques, especially in the STACK, Cana-Woodford and SCOOP plays. Procedure delays on completions of some large multi-well pads are expected to impact our volumes over the next several months and potentially through the remainder of 2016. However with the recent improvement in commodity prices and breakevens in the STACK competing favourably with the best plays in the country, we could see acceleration of the delayed completions. Contract restructuring in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment has significantly decreased the segment's commodity price sensitivity and was another major contributor to the partnership's first quarter results. The segments average fee rate increased to $0.68 per MMBtu, compared with $0.35 in the same period last year and $0.55 in the fourth quarter 2015. We expect the segment's earnings to increase to more than 75% fee-based this year, driven by this contract restructuring efforts. Moving on to the Natural Gas Pipeline segment, first quarter results remained steady as the segment continued to provide the partnership with stable, predominantly fee-based earnings. The segment completed two capital growth projects in March, the first phase of the Roadrunner Gas Transmission pipeline project and a compressor station expansion project on our Midwestern Gas Transmission pipeline which will add an additional 170 million cubic feet per day of capacity to the pipeline. The Roadrunner project is fully subscribed under 25-year firm fee-based commitment and the second phase of the Roadrunner is expected to be complete in the first quarter 2017. Additionally, the Midwestern Gas Transmission expansion is also fully subscribed under 15-year firm fee-based commitments. Our Natural Gas Pipelines segment is primarily market connected, meaning we are directly connected with large stable customers who provide services to end users. These customers such as large utility companies, electric generation facilities and industrials have specific volume needs that don't fluctuate based on commodity prices. Additionally, we work closely with these customers to design our systems to fit their specific needs. Unlike basis-driven pipelines, there is minimal financial risk associated with our Natural Gas Pipelines or our customers. We like the stability of our Natural Gas Pipelines business and the customers we serve, and we'll continue to develop additional fee-based and market-driven long-term growth and export opportunities in and around our asset footprint. I'd like to close by providing an update on our ethane opportunity outlook. For the past three years our industry has experienced an unprecedented period of heavy and prolonged ethane rejection. The partnership continued even in the face of sustained ethane rejection to increase our Natural Gas Liquids volumes gathered and fractionated. We are starting to see ethane prices improve in relation to Natural Gas as a result of improving NGL prices and weakened natural gas, increases in NGL exports and expected incremental ethane demand from new world scale petrochemical crackers. Since last quarter, we've seen ethane recovery economics improve. Some natural gas processing plants on our system have intermittently started to recover ethane, which we expect to continue throughout 2016. We continue to expect a meaningful amount of processing plants to move into full recovery in early 2017. We average 175,000 barrels per day of ethane rejection on our system in the first quarter, and we expect anywhere from 175,000 to 200,000 barrels per day of ethane rejection on our system as new natural gas plants, we are connected to, continue to ramp up, and as we see the impacts of increased volumes in the Williston, STACK and SCOOP plays throughout 2016. We are well positioned to benefit from this ethane opportunity and have more than enough infrastructure to bring these incremental barrels or approximately $200 million in annual earnings to our system with no additional capital requirements. We also have the opportunity to utilize our assets to capture pricing differentials if any dislocations in pricing occur between the Conway, Kansas and Mont Belvieu, Texas market centres as a result of increasing ethane demand. Ethane recovery presents a major opportunity for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, but it certainly isn't our only opportunity. We remain focussed on additional fee-based growth opportunities for our businesses, cost effective ways to enhance our assets, and employee retention efforts. So we are fully prepared when market conditions improve. Congratulations to our employees on a solid first quarter. We continue to face headwinds from challenging industry conditions, but we've shown once again that we're uniquely positioned to handle these challenges and deliver on the financial results we've laid out for ourselves and our investors. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. We'll pause for just a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions. And we will take our first question from Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: Hey, good morning. I have a couple of follow-up questions on ethane. Just wanted to kind of go over. I think you mentioned it basically, but in moving to 175,000 to 200,000 barrels a day of ethane opportunity in '16 versus the 150,000 to 180,000 last quarter being rejected, is that basically -- that's basically third-party plant and a shift towards more liquid rich drilling overtime, is that what's accounting for that increase?
Terry Spencer: Yes, Eric I think, yes, most of that is a result of the new plants that we've connected here fairly recently. And, of course, the growth that we're seeing behind those facilities that we indicated in my remarks, so, yes, most of that is from the new plants. Sheridan, anything?
Sheridan Swords: No, that's it.
Eric Genco: All right. And I guess the other thing I was kind of curious about is weve been sort of talking about this little bit more, just trying to get a better handle on some of the ethane recoveries that are likely to come out of the Bakken eventually. And so I think I understand based on bundled costs and how that works economically, and you guys have said that basically that Bakken would theoretically be one of the later basins to be culled. But I'm also curious too because I know -- you know, you've referred to some of your services being non-discretionary in the past and it's not like ethane economics specifically is going to drive drilling in the Bakken. So I'm curious is there a way to look at or think about pipeline stacks in the Bakken and sort of -- you know, as things come back, just sort of push ethane recovery and how that might impact you. Is there any way to sort of numerically think about that or is that still something that will just have to kind of wait beyond?
Terry Spencer: You know, Eric, broadly as you think about where we deliver ethane across our systems, we really don't have any quality issues or any concerns really on a large scale. We may periodically in certain specific locations dependent upon the location of those pipes to end-user, we sometimes do have some issues with respect to quality specs, but I don't see quality specs being a big driver for ethane emerging from the Bakken, nor really anywhere else for that matter. And when we talk about these non-discretionary services, we talk about producers have to have the process and they got to have the liquids extracted from the gas in order to meet quality specs. Ethane tends to be one of those -- is one of those NGLs that can be -- can easily go into the gas train and be diluted without causing much of a problem, unless you've got industrial customers or commercial customers right near -- located in pretty close proximity to the processing plant, okay? That helped you?
Eric Genco: Yes, it does. Thank you very much. I appreciate your time.
Operator: And we will go next to Brian Gamble with Simmons and Company.
Brian Gamble: Good morning, everybody.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Gamble: On the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, that fee rates increase obviously excellent year-over-year and even quarter-over-quarter. I know that we'd talked about some of those new contracts hitting in January and that creates a bump. Maybe you could walk us through how we should think about that rate moving through the year. I think there is some contract that come up mid-year, maybe some Mid-Con things. But if I remember correctly, there was a pretty healthy chunk of the Williston that they got repriced? And just want to make sure, being realistic about how I'm thinking about that rate for the rest of the year.
Terry Spencer: Yes, I'll just make a couple of general comments and I'll turn it over to Kevin. You know, as far as our contract restructuring effort, the lion share of the contracts or the bulk of what we set out to do in the Williston Basin, that's done. And so don't expect a whole lot more to occur. There's still some work in progress, but don't expect a whole lot more impact from that. The Mid-Continent is just going to continue to be work-in-progress. We have a much larger producer base of, that is, we have a lot more procedures that have much smaller volumes and consequently it takes -- it's a lot more involved in the Mid-Continent than in the Williston, just because of the sheer number of contracts that we're talking about. So that's caught from in a broad sense. Kevin, you've got anything else to add to that.
Kevin Burdick: No, I think that's right on.
Brian Gamble: That works. And then as far as the connections in the Williston, you mentioned 115 wells, I believe, you said in Q1. You mentioned the flared gas that's still on the system as well as the potential duct completions that would go in. But as far as well count adds that youre anticipating for the rest of the year, are there wells that are completed that are sitting there that now the system can handle that were working on, or are we waiting for ducts for the majority of the opportunity to, I guess, incrementally add new wells to the system more for this year?
Kevin Burdick: Brian, this is Kevin. Yes, that will come from -- the way we think about connecting the wells, it will come from a couple of -- from both of those places. I mean as rigs continue to work the basin as those wells that are being drilled or completed, well connect those up. But there is also the backlog of ducts that are on our acreage that as we communicate with producers and realign the schedules, we'll connect those as well. So our future -- our 2016 connections will come from the combination of both of those. And we still expect we'll be in that 250 to 350 range for total connects for the year.
Brian Gamble: That delta between what weve done so far and that midpoint of the range, so call it 185, how should I think about that as far as the buckets are concerned. Just I mean broadly speaking, can you give me a percentage breakdown between the two?
Kevin Burdick: Broadly speaking, it might be half and half.
Brian Gamble: Great, that's helpful. I think that's it for me. Appreciate it you guys.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Brian.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Danilo Juvane with BMO Capital Markets.
Danilo Juvane: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Danilo Juvane: You guys obviously seeing sort of an increase in your fee-based gathering margins here for the rest of the year. So as you think about guidance for 2016, is the sort of pending issue with the rates in West Texas LPG the only downside risk that you see to this year's guidance?
Terry Spencer: You know, as far as West Texas, as I said in my comments, I'm not going to go there for obvious reasons. But you know, as we think about our fee-based activities, we have certainly taken out a lot of risks, okay? And so -- and as far as renegotiation of contracts, we've been successful at increasing our rates across the board, okay, not just in the NGL space but in the gathering and processing space in particular. So, you know, as we move forward we really don't see any -- we don't see from a rate standpoint backing up anywhere. Okay?
Danilo Juvane: Got you. Over the last couple of months, we've seen sort of more bullish NGL sentiment in general. How do you guys think about continuing to reach special contracts given that some of the part exposure that you've had before sort of is rebounding right now. Is there a percentage that you're targeting of fee-based versus commodity?
Terry Spencer: I'll make a general comment. You know, we don't have a specific target for any of our businesses in terms of, this is how much fee-based margin we want to have. Obviously, we want to have as much fee-based margin as we can possibly get. And obviously we're continuing to push on that re-contract and negotiate everywhere we can, certainly bringing new assets and new businesses to the table or new opportunities to the table that are fee-based. When we think about the reduction of risk, we think about it more from a coverage standpoint, okay? What do we need in this business, what do we need in this business segment in order to maintain an appropriate coverage level for each one, and certainly an appropriate coverage level for the entire entity. So that's kind of how we think about it. Sheridan, do you have anything you want to say about our contracts in NGLs?
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think the thing that comes out is even in NGL's we're continuing to change our optimization exposure into fee-based, and we will continue to do that even in widening the spreads. When we say widening spreads, we think that's even a better opportunity to start locking in margins. So as you said, we always want to go to more fee-based and take our commodity exposure out.
Danilo Juvane: Got you. Last question for me. You mentioned coverage being a big reason as how you're managing some of these contract restructures. Is there a target coverage ratio that you're looking at long term?
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly, as we've said in the past, you know, at the partnership, 1.1 to 1.15 longer term is a coverage that you know, it could make some sense for us, potentially higher. But certainly as we've driven the risk out these businesses, we don't have to maintain this quite as big a coverage. But that's kind of how we think about it.
Danilo Juvane: If you take that statement and sort of think about what you're thinking about sort of your debt metrics, where do you see yourself being more comfortable starting to bump distributions?
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly we've told you 4.2 times debt to EBITDA ratio is what we're targeting, but we really would like to be sub-4. I mean, ideally that's where we'd like to be. And that's the longer term plan.
Danilo Juvane: Okay. Thank you. That's it for me. Thanks.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone, congrats on the quarter.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Christine Cho: When I look at how much ethane is being rejected on your system, the capacity of your NGL pipes and the utilization on those pipes, I have that your pipes are going to be full once all of the ethane behind your system is extracted. Can you talk about the expansion opportunities on the Sterling and Arbuckle line compression or looping? Would you charge a similar rate as you are now? And is it safe to assume that the economics of an expansion, if through compression, is going to be better than the 5 to 7 times multiple you usually give out?
Terry Spencer: Christine, what I would say is that we feel that we have enough capacity on our existing pipelines to handle the ethane that's being rejected, but it will push the utilization of those pipelines to pretty high rates. If we get to the opportunity to expand our pipelines, the cheapest expansion is sitting on Sterling 3 and we had said we can take that up 60,000 to 70,000 barrels a day with relatively inexpensive pump stations on there, which would be at a very high multiple to add that kind of space for a very little capital. The other pipelines Arbuckle and the other two Sterling pipelines are fairly expanded with cheap expansion. It would be inter-looping, so it still would be much cheaper than laying a new line but it would be more expensive than what Sterling 3 has. But we think right now we can handle all the ethane that could potentially come out of our system.
Christine Cho: Okay, and then just piggyback on that, I mean, I have that ethane demand that's going to be 800,000 barrels per day if we include the ethane export projects along with the cracker additions. Obviously, we've been thinking that in the near- and medium-term ethane price is going to go up to equate methane equivalent plus CNF. But do you think over the longer term, we could be short ethane, this would imply that ethane price could approach naptha prices?
Terry Spencer: Christine, I think what would happen is that first thing if ethane prices increase, you're going to run into the other LPGs that can be cracked, especially in the existing cracker. So you're going to hit into propane, butane, and natural gasoline before you get to naptha. So I don't think we'll see in the long term ethane prices approach naptha prices. I think propane and other ones will put a lid on the price of ethane.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then last one for me, very helpful, thank you. What's the average contract life on the NGL pipelines? And you've kind of mentioned this before, but I'm assuming that you have less optimization capacity than you did kind of at the peak, but as these contracts with customers come due, how should we think about how you guys decide whether or not to extend the contracts versus not renew it and maybe retain some capacity for optimization opportunities? Are you kind of happy with the levels that you have now or you want to decrease it, increase it?
Terry Spencer: Christine, what I would say is that these contracts that you're referring are contracts that we have with the processing plants. So it's a bundled service for not just transporting product to Belvieu but also for fractionating it as well. So what we would want to do is always continue to extend those contracts. And if we can get the right prices to take them into Belvieu, we would rather put them on a fee-based business than be open up to the spread between Conway and Belvieu. So if we could, we would contract the whole pipe if we could get it at good rates.
Christine Cho: Would you say that the bundled rate probably has room to come up then?
Terry Spencer: Potentially yes.
Christine Cho: Okay, and one more
Terry Spencer: We would
Christine Cho: Go on, sorry.
Terry Spencer: Any time we look at the rates when we go out and look at a plant, we look at what the competition is, we look at how are our services that we provide and all that and try to price our services accordingly. So as prices continue improving going into Belvieu, I think there is some opportunity to increase our rates into Belvieu.
Christine Cho: And what's the average contract life?
Terry Spencer: Most of our contracts, substantial amount of our contracts do not expire until we get into the 2020's. We do have a little bit that expires between now and then, but most of it is in the 2020's.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Please proceed.
Craig Shere: Good morning. Congratulations on another good quarter.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Craig.
Craig Shere: So I think you said 115 well hook-ups in the quarter, Terry. But guidance I think is still only 250 to 350 for the full year. And if I'm not mistaken one of your major customers has just added a frac crew on a farm to work done, that's duct inventory. Given all this, is your reiterated guidance for well hook-ups perhaps conservative?
Kevin Burdick: Craig, this is Kevin. I don't know if I'd use the word conservative but yes, we've had a strong showing out of it for the first quarter. But then again, rigs have dropped off quite a bit as well during that same timeframe. So we continue to talk with our customers daily and understand as commodity price moves around, kind of their sentiment towards either adding frac crews or adding rigs changes a little bit. But right now, we feel good about that 250 to 350. If we have some more movement with producers that are going to accelerate completions in the Williston and then yes, that number could go up.
Craig Shere: And on the remaining 70 million to 80 million a day of flaring on your Bakken footprint, any thoughts on maybe a run rate as we exit the year? Obviously, new well hook-ups will contribute to potentially some incremental flaring. So this isn't going to go down to zero. Any thoughts on where we could exit the year? And also over time, are we perhaps seeing the actual amount of flaring that's reported perhaps be on the conservative side so that you could get most likely higher uplift?
Terry Spencer: So, a couple of things there. One is as we look at our flaring, keep in mind, there is probably 30 to 40 million behind Bear Creek, so when we bring Bear Creek online, we expect that a chunk, approximately half of that will get put out with that -- as that plant comes up. As for the other, yes, there will always be some level of flaring that occurs, but we do have quite a bit and weve got some head room from both our field infrastructure and processing plants. So as new wells come online, I don't know that that would contribute much to the flaring. So I do think we expect that number will go down significantly as we move into the back half of the year once the Bear Creek is up. And yes, when you look at the numbers over the last few months, it does appear that some of the reporting has been conservative for overall -- for total kind of state-wide flaring.
Craig Shere: Great. And on the ethane question, in terms of specs, I think I forgot when, it's some quarters ago, you had a 20,000 barrels a day of recovery to mid downstream Y-grade requirements. At the time I think you mentioned the possibility of that going away with the downstream solution, obviously still plotting margin for you. Could you see that margin opportunity expanding over time as the Y-grade growth out of the region continues?
Sheridan Swords: Craig, this is Sheridan. The ethane coming out of the Bakken is for purely products specifications that we have downstream. And right now with the ethane we have coming out there now, we are able to manage that situation. As we continue to look forward, we are trying to find the most economical way to extract, to solve this solution in another way, but we're still looking at that. It's capital intensive. So we're still trying to work on with the right solution for that is. In terms of getting more ethane out of the Bakken for uplift there, we see the opportunity is there as increasing ethane prices with the new petrochemical facilities come online is where we think the most opportunity is.
Craig Shere: Okay, great. And just a little more color around the NGL segment headwinds, including the $10 million decrease in exchange services and $5.6 million in marketing would be helpful. Maybe just more of a discussion about specific spot and about some volumes and about summarization and trends there.
Terry Spencer: Craig, the marketing was down mainly because we had a warm winter and also we had less volume from our marketing department going into refineries. We have already seen that tick back up as we move into the second quarter. The extreme services were down, it's because we had spot volume in the fourth quarter, we had a little bit more ethane rejection in the first quarter, and we had a little seasonal or weather effects also in the first quarter. Volumes that have already rebounded as we move into the second quarter and today our volumes on our gathering systems are at or a little bit above 800,000.
Craig Shere: Great. And last question. Derek, on the favourable comments you had about favourable bidding for your maintenance CapEx and the falling OpEx cost, how much opportunity is there for further improvement in '16 and could you see these benefits continuing in the '17 or is it very kind of variable quarter to quarter?
Derek Reiners: Hey Craig, I'm going to turn it over to Wes Christensen to answer that question.
Wes Christensen: Yes, Craig. We continue to have contact with our contractors and find as they are looking for work to keep their crews busy, that there's opportunity there to improve it. We have already captured quite a bit from them through '15 and '16 and expect it to continue in the current environment.
Craig Shere: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations again.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Craig.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Becca Followill with US Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: Good morning, guys.
Terry Spencer: Hi Becca.
Becca Followill: Hi. On processing, guidance for the year is 1.9 to 2 for the year, but the quarter you were more like 1.95, and you talked about volumes being back-end loaded. Is that back-end loaded for NGLs? And you also have new processing coming on in a year or so, help me out with guidance relative to Q1.
Terry Spencer: So, yes, it is. We do have some back-end loading, in particular in gathering and processing because the Bear Creek plant coming on in the third quarter is going to fetch you there. And you're going to see some back-end loading a bit on the NGL side as well. Sheridan, you got anything to add.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, I mean we do have plants coming online, the Bear Creek plant will add more to the NGL gathering. We have another plant in the Mid-Continent that's coming on. We just had a plant yesterday, start delivering -- a new plant start delivering into the West Texas pipeline asset. So here we are still little bit. We should see growth from here forth.
Becca Followill: But you're already at the mid point of the guidance? That's where I'm coming from.
Terry Spencer: Becca, could you kind of clarify when you say the -- we're at the mid point of the guidance, which?
Becca Followill: I'm looking at gas process, it was 1.948, I think your guidance was 1.9 to 2.
Terry Spencer: Okay. So that's -- again, we had a strong Williston volumes and that's in -- you're referring to the MMBtus and so that's driving that. The gas being much richer coming out of the Williston, so that's what you're seeing there. Our volume profile just at a high level in the Williston is going to be more flattish for the year. So that's the reason you're seeing that.
Becca Followill: But you're also adding Bear Creek in Q3?
Terry Spencer: Right and that will open another -- again, that's 40 million a day in cubic feet. So when you're talking about the total, it's not going to move -- it'll move it some. But again, volumes between now and then are going to be flattish and then you'll see a little uptick. And if thing don't -- depending on completions at the end of the year, you could possibly see a minor decline post Bear Creek.
Becca Followill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Shneur Gershuni with UBS.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been asked and answered several times, but I just wanted to just clarify a couple of things and I think you've sort of answered it with Becca's question before. But the results this quarter with respect to volumes, was that what you expected the first quarter to be, is it better or worse? Does it sort of change because you didn't change your guidance, does that mean that you still think that you're within your guidance or are you more towards the upper end now versus the lower end? I was just wondering if you can sort of give us some color as to 1Q performance relative to your official plan.
Terry Spencer: Yes, we came in pretty much as expected. I mean, as you would expect, you got some areas that performed a little better than expected and others that weren't quite as good. But overall, this first quarter performance is not a surprise to us and it's certainly consistent with our guidance we provided for the year. Just a bit more specific, in the Williston Basin, we continue to perform extremely well. In the Mid-Continent, we've not performed quite as well but when you look at it on the overall basis, particularly for a G&P segment, we are right on plan, right on our guidance.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay, perfect. A couple more follow-ups. You stated in the past, I think I saw it written as well too, that OKE stands in support of OKS. Do you expect to have to execute on that this year, or it's just more of a statement at this point in case if needed? Maybe you can sort of discuss that in context with any discussions you've had with rating agencies recently and so forth.
Derek Reiners: Shneur, this is Derek. The OKE cash balances there, really just is a prudency matter. We like having that flexibility. But as we've stated before, we don't have any plans really to issue equity at this point. So we'll continue to watch it, but no plans at this point. And in terms of rating agencies, I mentioned in my remarks certainly at the partnership we're committed to the investment-grade credit rating and that allows us some additional comfort should things not turn out exactly the way we would expect.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay. And then one last question just technical in nature, Roadrunner, what's the expected ramp this year?
Terry Spencer: I'll turn that question over to Phil.
Phillip May: Could you -- did you say ramp?
Shneur Gershuni: Yes.
Phillip May: Okay. Yes, it's first phase is in service as of March, so it is flowing 170 million a day. Second phase is due in service in the second quarter of '17 and that will ramp up to 570. And then third quarter will follow in 2019 and that's another 70 million a day. So total 640 million a day.
Shneur Gershuni: Okay, perfect. All right. Thank you very much guys.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I was just wondering for the NGL gathering, if you could help us think through kind of what leads to the cadence of the ramp over the year. Is that kind of new plants ramping up or is it more on the connection side, or is it more ethane recovery or if you could just help us with that a little bit, that will be great.
Terry Spencer: Sheridan.
Sheridan Swords: I think to know that coming out of the first quarter, we always see a little bit of a downturn on our existing plant because of the seasonality in the first quarter. So we ramp up through the year, some of it will be that. But most of it will be from the ramping up of the plants that we connected last year and the new plants that we're connecting this year. We really don't expect any incremental -- any substantial incremental increase in ethane recovery in 2016 in our guidance numbers. So mainly, it's going to be from new plant connections.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. That's great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Yes, good morning everybody. Just I wanted to kind of come back to the incremental ethane opportunity little bit, is the basic cadence of realizing the $200 million, is it more or less in line with what you've laid out on your slide eight of the deck you provided with the release where you're showing the expected incremental petrochemical ethane demand? Or is it going to be some other trajectory? Is it more kind of rateably each year the next few years? Help me understand that a little bit better.
Sheridan Swords: John this is Sheridan. I think the best way to explain it is currently today we supply about a third of the ethane demand in the United States. And as you see that demand increase, as you see on page eight, I think that ratio will stay the same. So of that increased demand, we'll be able to see about a third of it on our system.
John Edwards: Okay. So is it proportionate then to the timing that you've laid out there or is it some other pace?
Sheridan Swords: No, I think it's about proportionate to that timing.
John Edwards: Okay. That's really helpful. And then as far as you had made some reference to the potential for improvement to optimization margins, I think your guidance is $0.02. I mean what are the prospects you think for that number actually improving this year and perhaps next year?
Terry Spencer: Well, I think the spread between Conway and Belvieu will be -- move around quite a bit this year, but I don't think we'll see any material substantial increase in that spread until you see the ethane come online which will fill up the pipes between Conway and Belvieu and give you an opportunity for wider spread. So probably more better opportunity in '17.
John Edwards: Okay, great. My other questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question and answer session and also concludes today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T. D. Eureste - Investor Relations Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Walter Hulse - Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Derek Reiners - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Wesley Christensen - Senior Vice President, Operations Sheridan Swords - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids, ONEOK Partners Kevin Burdick - Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Phillip May - Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Eric Genco - Citi Christine Cho - Barclays Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets John Edwards - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2015 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. T. D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T. D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners fourth quarter and yearend 2015 earnings conference call. A reminder, that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Security Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T. D. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest in investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer; Wes Christensen, Senior Vice President, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; Kevin Burdick, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Phil May, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines. Additional key financial and operational information has been updated in a short presentation and is posted on ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners' websites. Let's start by discussing ONEOK and ONEOK Partners accomplishments in 2015. Then I'll hand it off to Derek for financial update, and finish by reviewing our 2016 financial guidance, which we maintained for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners in last night's release. Our uniquely-positioned assets delivered higher ONEOK Partners fourth quarter and 2015 adjusted EBITDA in a very challenging market, and we delivered on our expectation to significantly grow natural gas and natural gas liquids volumes and earnings in the second half of the year. The partnership grew its adjusted EBITDA throughout the year by nearly 40% from the first quarter to the fourth quarter 2015, ending the year with $450 million in fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA. The partnership also improved its quarterly distribution coverage to 1.03x. These results were driven by a significant ramp in natural gas volumes gathered and processed across our system, especially in Williston Basin, as we connected more than 820 additional wells; captured more flared volumes from existing wells; completed six field compression projects and our Lonesome Creek natural gas processing plant; and restructured several contracts earlier than expected; and in the Mid-Continent volumes increased late in the year as a large producer customer completed wells that had been drilled earlier in the year. The Natural Gas Liquids segment, which is connected to more than 180 natural gas processing plants, continued to benefit from natural gas liquids processed volume growth in Williston Basin. Seven new third-party natural gas processing plants were connected in 2015. We also realized solid volume performance on our West Texas LPG pipeline system from our long haul customers as we continued to provide quality service at a good value. With nearly 100% of its earnings fee-based, the Natural Gas Pipeline segment had another solid year. This segment is taking advantage of incremental demands due to lower natural gas prices through its uniquely positioned assets with the announcements of the Roadrunner Gas Transmission Pipeline and WesTex Pipeline expansion, serving growing markets in Mexico. In 2015, we made significant progress toward reducing commodity risk in our business, which is expected to reduce earnings volatility over the long-term. As a result, we expect 2016 fee-based earnings to be approximately 85%, a significant improvement from 66% in 2014. Drivers of this increase include, growing the fee-based exchange services volumes in the Natural Gas Liquids segment and contract restructuring in the Gathering and Processing segment. The efforts of contract restructuring in the Gathering and Processing segment can be seen by the increase in our average fee rate. The average fee rate for the fourth quarter 2015 was $0.55, a nearly 60% increase compared with $0.35 in the first quarter 2015. At ONEOK, we remain committed to being a supportive general partner, as evidenced by the $650 million equity investment in the partnership in mid-2015, which we expect to result in increased distributions from ONEOK's higher ownership percentage in ONEOK Partners. Our extensive integrated network of natural gas and natural gas liquids assets delivered solid results in 2015 and has positioned us well for 2016. That concludes my opening remarks. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thanks, Terry. I'll start by highlighting the financial steps we took in 2015 and early-2016 that positioned us well for 2016 and into 2017. With a high priority on maintaining the partnership's investment grade credit ratings, we took decisive steps to manage its balance sheet by high grading its growth projects and reducing capital spending by nearly $1.6 billion in 2015 from our original 2015 capital guidance. We issued $750 million of equity in August, along with nearly $280 million of additional equity through the at-the-market program during 2015. Termed out $800 million of short-term debt in March and most recently entered into a $1 billion three-year unsecured term loan, which effectively refinances the 2016 long-term debt maturities at a low cost. With the financial steps we've taken and the momentum and volume growth and earnings leading into 2016, we expect to achieve our 2016 financial guidance. At ONEOK Partners, we expect not to need public debt or equity issuances well into 2017, which includes no equity from the aftermarket equity program to keep distributions flat for the year, deliver distribution coverage of 1x or better for 2016, and obtain GAAP debt to EBITDA ratio of 4.2x or less by late 2016. At ONEOK, we expect to keep this dividend flat for the year, pay no cash income taxes in 2016, and generate approximately $160 million of free cash flow after dividends in 2016, which along with $90 million of cash at the end of 2015 provides ONEOK with significant flexibility to support ONEOK Partners, if needed. For growth capital in 2016, we expect to spend $320 million in the Gathering and Processing segment, and $70 million each in the Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Pipelines segments for a total of $460 million as previously guided. As producer needs evolve throughout the balance of the year and into 2017, we have the flexibility to significantly reduce growth capital, particularly in the Gathering and Processing segment as we optimize our systems and available capacity. Additionally, we have been able to realize reduced operating costs and capital costs from our service providers across our operations. We continue to control operating costs and have reduced contract labor. We expect this trend to continue into 2016. As it relates to maintenance, capital expenditures we take a conservative approach. We're extremely careful not to underestimate expenditures when establishing guidance of spending for the integrity and reliability of our assets. It is very important to the partnership's success. Over the long-term, our assets have operated very reliably as a result of this approach. In 2015, a number of our large maintenance projects came in significantly under budget, especially the projects scheduled towards the second half of 2015 as service providers reduced costs and did very aggressively due to market conditions. On the topic of counterparty credit risk, we consider our credit exposure to be low across all three of our operating segments. The partnership had no single customer representing more than 10% of revenues and only 15 customers individually represented 1% or more of revenues. Additionally, of the top 10 customers, which represented 38% of revenue, nine are investment grade or provide full credit support. Many of our top 10 customers are Natural Gas Liquids segment customers comprised of large petrochemical and integrated oil companies. Taking a look at our credit profile within our three segments, where we consider investment grade is rated by the ratings agencies or comparable internal ratings or secured by letters of credit or other collateral. The Natural Gas Pipeline segment received more than 85% of its 2015 revenue from investment grade customers, who were primarily large electric and natural gas utilities. The Natural Gas Liquids segment has limited credit exposure in its exchange service fee earnings, as in those contracts the natural gas liquids are purchased and proceeds are remitted from the partnership to the liquids producer less fee. And more than 80% of 2015 commodity sales were to investment grade customers. And finally, the Gathering and Processing segment's credit risk is limited, as in most contracts the partnership remits the proceeds under the percent of proceeds contracts to the producer, net of ONEOK Partner share of those proceeds as well as the fees charged. 99% of the segment's 2015 downstream sales were to investment grade customers. 2015 results at both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners include the impact from non-cash impairment charges totaling $264 million, primarily related to investments in the coal-bed methane area of the Powder River Basin. The partnership remains highly committed to maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, having a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity to support our capital program, ending 2015 with $1.8 billion available on its credit facility. The partnership's GAAP debt to adjusted EBITDA on a run rate basis is 4.1x, reflecting earnings growth during the year. Distribution coverage remains an important metric for us as well. We expect distribution coverage of 1x or better for 2016, by growing our cash flows through volume growth, cost savings and efficiency improvements. ONEOK on a standalone basis ended 2015 with over $90 million of cash and an undrawn $300 million credit facility. The partnership is advantaged by having a strong supportive general partner in ONEOK. With a significant excess dividend coverage, ONEOK has the resources, that may be used to further support the partnership, if needed, as it navigates these uncertain times. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Let's walk through our 2016 financial guidance and key assumptions by segment. Starting with our largest segment, the Natural Gas Liquids segment is expected to contribute $995 million in operating income and equity earnings in 2016. Additionally, we expect the natural gas liquids volumes and earnings to be weighted towards the mid to second half of 2016. Approximately 90% of the expected earnings in this segment are fee-based from the exchange services and transportation businesses. We continue to expect the partnership's natural gas liquids volumes gathered to increase in 2016, primarily from Williston Basin natural gas liquids volume growth expected from our gathering and processing assets in the Basin, including the expected connection of the Bear Creek plant and one third-party natural gas processing plant in 2016. Approximately 60% of the segment's natural gas liquids volumes gathered come from the Mid-Continent, with the majority of the gathered volume coming from third-party processing plants. Our unique natural gas liquids position in the Mid-Continent is similar to the position we have in the Williston, with the partnership's gathering and processing assets as we are connected to most of the third-party plants in the region. We expect to continue to benefit from natural gas liquids volumes gathered through our West Texas LPG system, where nearly 26% of the segment's volume originates. The segment is connected to more than 60 natural gas processing plants in the Permian Basin and is expected to connect one additional plant in 2016, and we expect to receive the full benefit in 2016 of increased tariffs. Finally, we moved the completion of the Bakken NGL pipeline expansion to the third quarter 2018, due to a slower expected rate of volume growth. The realigned timing of the expansion has no impact on financial or capital guidance for 2016. Driving the earnings growth in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment in 2016 is natural gas volume growth in the Williston Basin and enhanced margins due to the contract restructuring efforts. In the Williston, we expect to average 740 million cubic feet per day of natural gas gathered volume in 2016. Our gathered volumes early in the year have been very strong, as we reach nearly 800 million cubic feet per day in February. The recently completed Lonesome Creek plant and compression projects have already added nearly 100 million a day of incremental volume to our system, most of which has come from capturing previously flared gas. We continued to have approximately 24 rigs operating and more than 500 drilled uncompleted wells on our dedicated acreage. Given this activity, we expect 250 to 350 new well connections to our system in 2016. To put the expected 2016 volume outlook into context, if every rig were to have stopped drilling on January 1, 2016, and we did not connect any new wells in 2016, we would expect an average gathered volume of 720 million cubic feet per day in 2016, slightly below our guidance for the Williston. Natural gas volume growth in 2016 will not reflect a pronounced second half ramp up, as we experienced in 2015. We do expect volumes to slightly decline through the summer, until our 80 million cubic feet per day Bear Creek plant comes online and we expect to capture an incremental 40 million cubic feet per day of gas currently flaring in Dunn County. In the Mid-Continent, we continued to be in constant communication with our producer customers regarding their drilling and completion activity. And similar to the Williston, the Mid-Continent volume exited 2015 at a high rate. As I mentioned earlier, the segment did receive an early benefit from our contract restructuring efforts in the fourth quarter 2015. However, 2016 is expected to receive the full benefit of these efforts and we expect another increase in the average fee rate in the first quarter 2016 from the $0.55 the segment averaged in the fourth quarter 2015. In the Natural Gas Pipelines segment, 2016 earnings are expected to remain more than 95% fee-based, with more than 90% of the segment's transportation capacity and more than 75% of its natural gas storage capacity contracted for the year. The first phase of the Roadrunner Gas Transmission Pipeline is on schedule to be complete next month, and is fully subscribed under 25-year firm demand charged fee-based commitments, with the second phase expected to be complete in the first quarter 2017. Before closing, I would like to discuss future demand growth for ethane, which we expect to be a significant opportunity for the Natural Gas Liquids segment, as we move through 2017 and 2018. Approximately 400,000 barrels per day of incremental ethane demand from new world-scale petrochemical crackers is expected to come online by the third quarter of 2017 and nearly 164,000 barrels per day more by first quarter 2019. We expect this new demand combined with additional ethane exporting infrastructure to significantly reduce the ethane excess supply overhang and put pressure on ethane prices, and bringing most natural gas processing plants into full ethane recovery some time in mid-2018. Nearly one-third of U.S. ethane or approximately 180,000 barrels per day is dedicated and connected to our natural gas liquids systems, but it's currently not producing due to insufficient ethane demand. We are well-positioned to transport and fractionate substantial incremental ethane volumes, once the natural gas processing plants we are connected to transition into full ethane recovery in response to growing U.S. petrochemical demand. We expect little to no additional capital expenditures needed to bring this ethane onto our system, as we already constructed the natural gas liquids infrastructure necessary to connect supply to the Gulf Coast region. The total incremental adjusted EBITDA benefit to the partnership, if all of the natural gas processing plants we are connected to enter full ethane recovery, could be in the range of $200 million per year. With the Natural Gas Liquids segment's unique and extensive asset position, we can deliver significant ethane supplies to the Gulf Coast markets from the Williston, Mid-Continent and Permian Basins. Since we issued guidance in December, the commodity price environment has continued to be unstable, and many of our producer customers have reduced their capital expenditure plans for 2016. While these challenges remain, we will continue to remain focused on serving our customers, reducing risks, controlling costs, managing our balance sheet prudently and reducing capital needs. As we have discussed on this call, more than 85% of the partnership's operating income and equity earnings comes from primarily fee-based activities, underpinned by its large 37,000 mile integrated natural gas and natural gas liquids network, with opportunities to grow its cash flows, even in a lower capital spending environment. In 2016, we expect to finish the year within our financial guidance, driven by our uniquely positioned assets. We are less than 60 days into 2016 and we expect similar to 2015 opportunities and challenges throughout the year. We will be proactive in our approach to these opportunities and challenges and prudent in our decision making, all while keeping in mind the long-term interest of our investors. I'd like to thank our employees across the country for their strong performance, hard work and dedication in 2015. Many of our employees have experienced these difficult industry cycles before, and they know what to do. Manage costs, be efficient, be creative and operate safely and reliably, all while being focused on providing quality service to our customers. And many thanks to all of our stakeholders for your continued support of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: My first question is actually a little bit of a two-parter. I just want to dig a little more on the potential on the ethane recovery. It obviously seems like this is a pretty major opportunity and no incremental capital. Not really if, but maybe when. And I know it's early, I just would like to get a better sense for the timing and maybe the mechanics, and how that some of this might play out in terms of the split between where you'll feel the impact in the Permian, Mid-Continent, and the Bakken? And I guess also in light of the comment that you alluded to in your remarks that perhaps the Permian is going to see a meaningful uplift even in '16 in terms of the rate, bringing that more to market rates. I'd just like to get a better sense for that, if you can?
Terry Spencer: Sure. Eric, I'll just make a couple of comments, and then let Sheridan kind of follow this thing. You see, in the slide deck that we provided, there is actually a slide in there that kind of shows you the sources of where that incremental ethane originates. And if you think about it in terms of which ethane is going to come on, obviously those with the lowest transportation cost burden will come on sooner. So you have to think about it in terms of the Gulf Coast probably coming on sooner, the Mid-Continent and the West Texas probably next, and then youve got to think about the Marcellus and the Rockies. It's kind of in that order and we provided that table to give you as industry what that volume impact is. So Sheridan, you want to provide little more color and then talk about West Texas?
Sheridan Swords: Only thing I would say is that, I think we'll start seeing -- as we enter into 2017, is when we will start seeing meaningful ethane starting to come out. And as Terry said, West Texas of our system will be first, but that is where we have the least amount of ethane rejection on our system followed by the Mid-Continent, where we have the most volume off currently, and then last which will be '18 or beyond, which will be the Bakken. In terms of West Texas pipeline and the rate increase, in July of 2015, we brought the tariff rates, the uncommitted tariff rates on the West Texas pipeline closer to market, so we only realized half the year of that rate increase, which in 2016 will realize the complete year of that rate increase.
Eric Genco: But that's not necessarily getting you to the sort of 5x to 7x as sort of the long-term target, it's more just the benefit of half the year at this point?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, thats been the half and the [multiple speakers] full year. We don't anticipate raise in rates. We don't have in our guidance raising rates further on West Texas in 2016.
Eric Genco: And I guess, in switching gears a little bit maybe, I'd just like to get some of your thoughts on your most recent conversation with the rating agencies and how that's going. I mean, you have alluded to all the accomplishments and the things that were kind of on their checklist in 2015, the equity offering in August, renegotiating POP, addressing refinancing for '16, but in light of it, I guess, some of the more recent actions sort of in the E&P space, I'm curious, if there's been any shift in the tone or the targets they've set for you? And I'm also curious to what extent they have looked at the potential uplift for ethane. And I know it's typical in some leverage ratios to make an adjustment for capital that's already in the ground and earnings slightly to come on. Is that something that they are considering and looking at, at this point, or is it too early to tell?
Derek Reiners: We do communicate regularly with the credit rating agencies, and certainly we intend to continue to do so. I think we've got a long track record of taking those prudent actions and youve checked them off the list pretty nicely, just as I would. The term loan and sort of being ahead of our financing needs, I think, is helpful and those things are driving commodity risk out, reducing capital, I think all of those sort of credit-friendly actions that we have taken over time plays into their thought process. I can't tell you to what extent they may or may not be including ethane uplift. I suspect not much. But historically, they've understood and added back some credit, I think, for the capital spending over time. So what I think they look for is a track record, a plan to continue to reduce leverage. And as I mentioned in my remarks, the GAAP debt to EBITDA of 4.1x on a run rate basis is certainly supporting that we're headed in the right direction. And I think the unique aspects of our footprint, the tailwinds in terms of volume that Terry mentioned in the Williston, capturing the flare gas, those sorts of things I think all play into their thought process.
Terry Spencer: Derek, the only thing I would add to that is that I think the rating agencies from a macro perspective are aware of the growth that's happening in that petrochemical space. Now, whether they actually take that into consideration in any of their analysis, as Derek indicated, we don't know. But I think, they're certainly aware of it. And I think if you were to ask them about it, I think that they do view it as a strong positive, but whether they've actually factored that into any analysis, again, we don't know.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: In the presentation, you guys showed that the Natural Gas G&P volumes are 662 million cubic feet a day in the Rockies for the quarter. Would you be able to split that between Powder River and Williston?
Terry Spencer: Christine, I'll let Kevin handle that.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Christine, you can assume there is roughly 30 million a day of Powder Gas in that number.
Christine Cho: And then I just wanted to touch on the ethane opportunity that you guys talked about. As you guys say, and on the slide you guys point to that 150,000 to 180,000 barrels per day being rejected across your system. Could you split that up a little better from Williston, Mid-Continent, and Permian? I know you said the least amount is coming out of the Permian, but any sort of percentages or ballparks would be helpful.
Sheridan Swords: You have over 100,000 barrels a day of ethane off in the Mid-Continent, more like 120,000 to 125,000; 36,000 in the Bakken; and virtually 10,000 or less in the Permian.
Christine Cho: And then as a follow-up to that question, you guys have a whole bunch of NGL distribution pipes leading to the Gulf Coast from Conway and Mid-Continent. What's the utilization currently on all the pipes between those two points and are you guys collecting minimum volume payments for any of the volumes? Asked another way, are customers currently paying for volumes they aren't shipping?
Sheridan Swords: See the capacity we have between Conway and Mont Belvieu is about 60% utilized between the Sterling pipelines and the Arbuckle pipelines. And when we think about our minimum volume commitment that's usually for a bundled service, so yes, there are some minimum volumes that have Belvieu redelivery that we are collecting today.
Christine Cho: I'll follow up offline, but lastly, is there sufficient ethane fractionation capacity in storage along the Gulf Coast to accommodate all this ethane that's going to have to come out?
Sheridan Swords: On our system, we have enough ethane through our fraction -- we have enough capacity through our fractionators to fractionate all of the ethane on our system. And we do have the storage capacity and the connectivity into the petchems to be able to deliver that to market.
Christine Cho: But that's specifically for your system. I was kind of more asking like does the industry have enough?
Sheridan Swords: Christine, you'd have to ask all the other individuals, fractionators down there. But my sense is yes, there is plenty of capacity to frac this ethane. Most of the fractionators when they are constructed, they are constructed for a full ethane slate. And so when this ethane is being rejected, it just takes it out [multiple speakers] first tower of the fractionators.
Christine Cho: Perfect, that's what I thought.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: I think you guys talked about that your guidance included about 300 to 350 well connects in the Williston Basin during 2016, for I'm correct?
Terry Spencer: It's 250 to 350.
Becca Followill: What I'm looking at on Page 8 of the presentation on your guidance of 740 million a day, it looks like that includes a 100 well connects?
Terry Spencer: I'm going to make just a general comment about that slide, Becca, and then I'll let Kevin jump into more of the detail. But that's a theoretical depiction assuming that all of the flare gas gets connected and that we experience a 20% decline, and based upon that, you would need 100 wells. But now, I'll let Kevin take it the rest of the way.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. So Becca, there are a couple of things and dynamics that are going on in that, transitioning from that slide to our guidance. Like Terry mentioned, that's kind of a theoretical, assuming all the flares were out. Well, in our guidance volumes, we factor in some level, a minimal level of flaring. And keep in mind; we've got Dunn County where gas is going to flare until we get the Bear Creek plant built in the third quarter. We also factor in a little bit for weather during the winter months. And then just some general operational cushion or whatever you want to call it just to pull volumes back a little bit. So that's the incremental difference between the 100 well connects that's referenced in the stair-step slide and our guidance. But we do feel strong when you look at the activity that's currently there in the basin, and the number of rigs on our acreage and then you look at the drilled and uncompleted backlog, we feel that the 250 to 350 is a really good number to achieve.
Becca Followill: And that's even despite recent announcements by some of the producers about suspending completion and pairing back budgets, correct?
Kevin Burdick: Yes.
Operator: And next we'll go to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: So expanding on Eric and Christine's ethane recovery question, how should we be thinking about margins regionally as ethane recovery rolls in? It's not going to be -- you're not going to get over $0.30 out of the Bakken, are you?
Sheridan Swords: We will not receive $0.30. Typically across our whole system ethane has discounted to the C3 plus, so we will realize a lower margin than the $0.30 out of the Bakken.
Craig Shere: I mean, roughly speaking, against what you're getting on the C3 plus, should we be thinking like nickel-plus spreads or what should we be thinking? Is it even those spreads across the system?
Sheridan Swords: No, it will not be even across the system. Some volume will come on that will have Conway options, some volume will have Bellevue options. And they have all different kind of spreads depending on where they are. Obviously, if you're in the Bakken, they are going to have the highest margins and the Mid-Continent will be lower, and obviously a little bit in the Permian will be the lowest.
Terry Spencer: And Craig, just let me step in here. So you used the word spreads, I think they are fees. It's not a spread play; it's a fee. And so there will be different rates, as Sheridan indicates, for different areas. And it's very common for us to have a lower fee rate for the ethane component than the C3 plus barrel.
Craig Shere: I kind of meant the discount to what you're charging for the C3 plus, that's the spread I was referring to.
Terry Spencer: I understand now. I was just trying to make sure, I don't have any misunderstanding.
Craig Shere: And thinking about 2017 capital needs, I understand you don't have any need to raise debt or equity until well into '17, but your growth CapEx in '17 for the already approved projects and execution should fall off really materially year-over-year. So when you think about incremental capital needs in '17, is that just terming things out, rightsizing the balance sheet a little bit, I mean there's not a lot of spend that you have planned, right?
Terry Spencer: I think that's a fair assessment Craig. We don't have anything of major strategic significance, in particular, in the G&P segment for 2017. So yes, you are thinking about it the right way. And in particular, if we get in this lower-for-longer mode, we do have the ability to flex down our current rate of capital spend down considerably. Now, we've not guided to that, don't intend to guide to that in this call, but I think you're thinking about it the right way.
Craig Shere: Is there some range or percentage that you think you can shave-off in a worst-case scenario?
Terry Spencer: Well, let me give you this, it's significant, and you could get to a point where just your routine growth, well connects, small infrastructure projects, compressor type projects could be the -- the core of your organic growth opportunities is that kind of stuff. And so it would be a significant reduction in the capital spend that we're experiencing here in '16; significant reduction in '17, if the lower-for-longer environment persists.
Craig Shere: And last question, following-up on Becca's query about the 100 well connects on that theoretical slide versus the 250 guidance. I know we're in a period of flux and who knows what's going to happen next quarter, but implicit in that questioning is that you continue to have a cushion supporting your operations in a worst-case scenario, even in '17, because you're not using it all this year in terms of flared gas and the drilled, but uncompleted well inventories. Do you want to address any of that in terms of how measurably things may or may not fall off next year in a worst-case scenario?
Terry Spencer: Well, let me make a comment and then Kevin can kind of clean it up. So flared gas, let me just tell you, it's not an exact science. And it's quite possible we could have more flared gas than we actually believe we have, because every time we turn on a compressor station it seems like the wells behind that particular compressor station outperform our expectations. Time and time again, more gas is showing up than what we thought. And so that's what we're dealing with here, that's what we dealt within the fourth quarter of last year and that's what we're dealing with, as we plow through first quarter 2016. So yes, I think we would expect that it's probably not going to turn out exactly the way we think. And it could very possible that we're a big conservative on our assessments and thoughts about flared gas. Kevin, do you have anything to add to that?
Kevin Burdick: The only thing I would add, Terry, is that, again, back to the drilled, but uncompleted backlog, when you think about that we've got 550 or a little more than that behind our acreage. I don't think there's any expectation that all of that's going to get worked up this year. So as you move into through this year and you move into '17, even if the flared gas volumes go very low, you've still got some support from that drilled, but uncompleted backlog, that producers can bring on relatively quickly as prices improve.
Operator: And next we'll go to Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to touch back on the call, as far as the $0.55 fee that you guys saw, how do you expect that to trend during 2016 again?
Terry Spencer: So Jeremy, we're not going to guide in the first quarters to what that fee rate is going to be, but we are expecting it to increase. And if there's any other color, I'll let Kevin address it.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Jeremy, I mean we did experience an increase in the fourth quarter that was a little ahead of our expectations by getting some of the restructurings done earlier than anticipated. So while we do expect it to increase, I don't think it would be as pronounced as the increase from Q3 to Q4.
Jeremy Tonet: One of the questions we commonly get in this space is thinking about maintenance CapEx. How do you guys think about it as far as the depletion to the wells, how do you think about well connects as far as maintenance CapEx? And did that impact the maintenance CapEx revisions over the course of the year or any color you could provide there would be great.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Jeremy, how we look at it -- and Derek can jump in here if I mess this up. But when we think about growth capital, well connects, and those types of things, the volume through our systems, we consider that growth capital. If it's attached to revenues, if it's a revenue generating activity, we call it growth. If it's related to the straight-up maintenance of the pipelines systems and mechanical integrity of the assets we call that maintenance capital. And that's the distinction, we've used for a long time and I think many of our peers use that same thought process. Does that help you?
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe just in general, as far as maintenance CapEx coming in lower across the year, if you could just help us think through that a bit more as far as like savings through reductions in contractors or any color there would be great?
Terry Spencer: I'm going to let Wes Christensen to take that.
Wesley Christensen: Sure. In 2015, we did benefit from lower contractor costs across our projects, as well as using less contractors. Also our materials and supplied that we consume inside of those projects, we've seen some benefit in lower cost there as well. And then the last item maybe just the timing of the projects, we expect to see these types of trends continue through 2016.
Jeremy Tonet: And then just one last housekeeping item. I think there was an asset sale gain of about $6 million in the quarter. Could you provide some color on that please?
Derek Reiners: We routinely will sell-off small pieces of pipe for things like that, that really aren't integral to our systems. So that's all that is. I think it's fairly consistent from year-to-year actually we've got kind of a kind of a small amount every year, it really only impacts DCF by less than $1 million.
Jeremy Tonet: So the $6 million, was that non-cash item that's backed out in DCF then?
Derek Reiners: Exactly.
Operator: And next will go to Kristina Kazarian with Deutsche Bank.
Kristina Kazarian: Just wanted to make sure I was understanding something that was asked earlier about leverage and rating agencies. Can you just help me understand how the conversations have been going, because I think OKS is still on negative at both? I mean you guys have listed a bunch of positives you guys have executed on since then, so what should I be watching for or thinking about or have they communicated what you guys need to execute in order to have OKS removed from negative outlook at either?
Derek Reiners: Of course, they wanted to see us execute on those things I mentioned before. Broadly the macro environment, I think is difficult for them to take us off of any sort of a watch at this point. We really forced our hand last year in August, when we did the ONEOK bond deal where they had to rate that debt, that's when they put us on negative outlook. So my personal opinion is it's difficult for them to remove that given the broader macro environment, the low pricing and so forth.
Terry Spencer: Just Christine, and the only thing I would add to that as I think they've been appreciative of the fact that we've decisively cut capital spending, have made some really prudent decisions and that we've voiced to them our willingness to continue to cut capital, if the environment dictates.
Kristina Kazarian: That's great, which leads into my second follow-up one. And I know you mentioned this earlier about the flex down on possible spend, and I'm not looking for a number at all there, but if I think about it being a lower-for-longer environment, can you touch on maybe some other things you might think about, too? So are there small like non-core asset sales? How do I think about maybe -- I know there was a number in the press release, but financial support OKE could provide for OKS and just things in that vein?
Terry Spencer: Well, Kristina, we obviously evaluate our assets at all times, but we don't see asset sales as a primary driver for us going forward. The financial flexibility that we have from ONEOK generating excess cash gives us plenty of different tools that we can use, whether it be equity purchases or considering thoughts around the IDR. We constantly evaluate what would be best for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and we're happy to have those tools at our disposal as we move forward.
Kristina Kazarian: And then last one from me, so I know we saw the fee increase in the 4Q was ahead of expectations. Just an update on progress and in terms of like how many contracts left, could I see renegotiations on or anything color there?
Terry Spencer: Kristina, most of our objectives have been met in the Williston Basin, but generally speaking, we continue to, where we can, renegotiate contracts to reduce commodity price exposure and where we can increase margin. So that's just an ongoing process. There might be a few more in the Williston, but as I said, for the most part we're done there. Western Oklahoma and Kansas, of course, will be areas of our continual focus.
Operator: And next will go to Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto: Thanks for all the color that you provided on sort of your volume expectations in the Williston Basin. But do you think maybe you can provide a little more color behind your Mid-Continent volume guidance, especially given how the commodity price environment has changed and producer commentary? And can you provide any, I don't know, maybe some sensitivity around that guidance?
Terry Spencer: First of all, Elvira, my contribution is going to be that rig counts in the Mid-Continent have been pretty resilient even in this latest leg down compared to some of the other basins. So I think that's been somewhat surprising to us. So Kevin, if you want to talk a little bit more specifically on volumes?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, the Mid-Continent area, especially the Stack, Cana, SCOOP areas, it's kind of interesting; because you've got really competing data points. Even as late as last week with some calls that we're out there, the performance and the results that many of our customers and other producers in the area are seeing are really outstanding, but yet there is some discussions of some delays. And we are watching that very closely, we're in constant communication with all of our customers in the Mid-Continent. I guess the way I think about it; it's really a function of just time. Those reserves are there, the results are strong, so the volumes will come, it's just, okay, is it going to be fourth quarter of this year, third quarter of this year or a push into '17, we'll be watching that closely over the next couple of months.
Elvira Scotto: And then in terms of cost cutting opportunities, do you see any cost cutting opportunity in 2016 and is that baked into your guidance?
Terry Spencer: Elvira, yes, we do have some continued management of our cost. And obviously, we're still seeing a downward pressure on vendor cost and we've got contractor costs that are coming down, particularly as we're in a lower growth mode. Wes, do you have anything else you could add to that?
Wesley Christensen: No, I think that's consistent. We'll see that in our O&M, as well as we been seeing it in our maintenance capital.
Operator: And our final question will come from John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Terry, I'm just curious on the guidance, you affirmed the guidance, but obviously since you've provided it things have deteriorated significantly. So what improvements, I guess, are you looking to in your own performance there that would enable you to affirm if you could?
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly, John, the outperformance and the exceedance of expectation in volume performance is really key. We continue to be very well hedged, as you can see from the information that we provided to you. And we're going to get the full year of the contract restructuring benefit in 2016. So from a pricing point of view standpoint, we think that there's going to be some correction or some significant improvement in prices, as we move throughout the year based upon our current point of view. So as we sit today, we like our guidance. And as Kevin indicated, we're going to continue to assess producer activity and try and get as much visibility as we can. And if we think updates are necessary, we'll come back to you.
John Edwards: And then just you may have covered this, I got disconnected part of the call. But in terms of the, you were pointing on the NGL segment sort of a second half volume story there. If you could just provide a little bit more color or detail on how you see that playing out?
Sheridan Swords: Well, first, we start up in the Bakken as you saw the volumes, even though they're slower growth than we saw last year, they continue to grow, especially with the Bear Creek plant coming online. And also, we're going to connect a third-party processing plant up there as well this year. And we have plants in the Mid-Continent that are in the SCOOP and the Stack that will be completed later on this year. So that's basically where we see the volume ramp up coming from in our volumes is from those two plays.
John Edwards: And then lastly, just in terms of counterparty risk, to what extent are you baking that into your guidance?
Derek Reiners: Yes, John, I've covered that in our remarks. And there's a new slide in the presentation that accompanies the news release that gives you a lot of detail on that. We actually feel very good about the counterparty credit risk that we have. And we're not overly exposed to any particular customer, so good diversification. So we're not expecting any sort of material credit losses.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to Mr. T. D. Eureste for any additional or closing comments. End of Q&A
T. D. Eureste: Thank you. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extends till earnings are released after market closes in early May. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Director Treasury and Finance Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Derek Reiners - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Sheridan Swords - President Gathering and Fractionation Kevin Burdick - Vice president, Natural Gas Gathering & Processing, ONEOK Partners
Analysts: Eric Genco - Citigroup Inc. Christine Cho - Barclays Capital Craig Schere - Tuohy Brothers Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Becca Followill - US Capital Advisors
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to your host to Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer; Wes Christensen, Senior Vice President, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; Kevin Burdick, Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Phil May, Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines. As a reminder, key financial and operational information has been updated in a short presentation and is posted on ONEOKs and ONEOK Partners websites. Please refer to this presentation and to the earnings releases for various explanation and key metrics. Before we discuss our third quarter and operational updates I would like to reiterate our continued confidence in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners ending the year within our 2015 guidance ranges. Additionally, we expect ONEOK partners to maintain 2016 distribution coverage of greater than 1.0 times and to significantly reduce our commodity exposure in the Gathering and Processing segment, as we remain confident in completing substantially all of our renegotiations on Williston Basin contracts in 2015, which we expect will increase our fee-based margin in the segment to more than 70% in 2016, up from approximately 50% in 2015. As we outlined our 2015 financial and volume growth expectations earlier in the year, we emphasize that the partnerships volumes and earnings will be weighted towards the second-half of the year. We saw this growth in the third quarter as we continue to see earnings growth sequentially and we reached record volumes in the Gathering and Processing segment, and Natural Gas Liquids segment in September. Even in these challenging market conditions our well-positioned 36,000 mile integrated natural gas and natural gas liquids pipeline network is providing growth opportunities in basins where we operate. Were executing on these opportunities by continuing to focus primarily on organic growth projects and initiatives that reduce or commodity exposure and make long-term economic and strategic sense for our business. Before I can give an update on our three segments, I would now turn the call over to Derek for a brief discussion of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners financials. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thank you, Terry. Starting at the partnership, our 2015 EBITDA contribution continues to increase sequentially as anticipated. We expect EBITDA to once again be higher in the fourth quarter 2015 and to be within our 2015 financial guidance EBITDA range for the year. The partnerships third quarter EBITDA of just over $400 million increased 4% compared with the same period in 2014, in spite of a nearly 67% drop in NGL prices. For the third quarter, coverage ratio improved to 0.91 times coverage, a substantial improvement when you consider the increased number of units outstanding following our large equity offering in August. We did accelerate the timing of the issuance from our original plans. Additionally, the partnerships third quarter EBITDA and coverage ratio were impacted negatively by approximately $16 million in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, and Natural Gas Liquids segments combined, due to unplanned operational outages at the partnerships natural gas gathering and processing facilities in the Williston Basin. Terry will provide more detail on this in his remarks. The partnership has a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity to support our current capital program, including access to our commercial paper program and credit facility. Leverage is also reduced with higher EBITDA and the recent equity issuance. As of September 30, ONEOK partners had an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 4.3. The partnership remains committed to its investment-grade credit rating and will continue to make prudent financial decisions to protect the balance sheet. In August, the partnership raised $750 million of equity from ONEOK and funds managed by Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, one of the partnerships largest institutional unitholders. This equity issuance fulfilled the partnerships 2015 equity needs and is expected to satisfy equity needs well into 2016. Before we move on to ONEOK, Id like to point out our reduced commodity price sensitivity resulting from the contract restructuring efforts in our gathering and processing segment. As we restructure contracts to more fee-based arrangements our exposure to commodity prices will be reduced. As a result of the restructuring, we have realigned the partnerships natural gas volumes hedged to reflect the revised natural gas equity volumes expected in 2016, and have provided updated hedging tables and sensitivities in the news release. At ONEOK our liquidity remains strong with all of our $300 million credit facility available and a very strong third quarter dividend coverage ratio of 1.34 times. ONEOK increased its investment in the partnership by using proceeds from a $500 million notes offering and cash on hand to purchase $650 million of ONEOK Partners units. ONEOK also contributed approximately $15 million to maintain its 2% general partner interest in ONEOK Partners. With the increased ownership percentage in ONEOK Partners and at the current distribution levels, annual distributions received from the partnership are expected to increase by more than $100 million. In October, ONEOK increased its dividend by $0.01 per share or 2% to $0.615 cents per share, resulting in an annualized dividend of $2.46 per share. ONEOKs decision to increase the dividend reflects the partnerships expected natural gas liquids and natural gas volume growth, the success in re-contracting efforts, and the recent investment in ONEOK Partners. We continue to have confidence in the partnerships ability to execute its growth strategies, allowing ONEOK to enhance its dividend. This concludes my remarks. Terry will now take a closer look at each of our business segments. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Starting with our natural gas liquids segment, the segment continued its earnings growth over the second quarter 2015 as natural gas liquids volumes increased in our highest margin areas. We continue to see strong natural gas liquids volume growth in the Williston Basin and in the Mid-Continents Cana-Woodford Shale, Stack and SCOOP areas. In the Williston Basin, we are reaching record natural gas liquids, gathered volumes quicker than we had originally expected, and increased the amount Bakken NGL pipeline volumes we expect to reach in the fourth quarter by 10,000 barrels per day from our previous target. In the Mid-Continent weve increased the fourth quarter NGL gathered volume we expect to reach by 40,000 barrels per day from our previous target. This increase represents spot volumes we anticipate in order to meet customer needs in the fourth quarter. Moving on to our fractionated volumes, we continue to see increased ethane fractionated due to decreased ethane rejection in the Williston Basin in the third quarter. And we expect decreased levels of ethane rejection to continue. We also saw more than 23,000 barrels per day of incremental spot volumes on our system in the third quarter as we were able to utilize our fractionation assets to meet customer demand. We expect to see increased levels of incremental spot volume on our system throughout the remainder of the year and expect to reach approximately 645,000 barrels per day fractionated in the fourth quarter. This represents an increase of 65,000 barrels per day from our previous target, of which approximately 40,000 barrels per day are spot volumes. And finally, in recent weeks we have seen Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials range from $0.02 to $0.03 per gallon and we expect this range to continue for the remainder of this year. Our Natural Gas Pipelines business continues to provide the partnership with primarily fee-based earnings in long-term firm demand contracts. As of the third quarter, this segment was approximately 97% fee-based, with additional move primarily fee-based projects underway. One of these new projects is the Roadrunner Gas Transmission pipeline project, which reached an important milestone this quarter when it received approval for a presidential permit and authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The permit allows for the construction and operation of the border-crossing pipeline, which will export natural gas from the Permian Basin in west Texas to Mexico. Construction is underway and we still expect the first phase to be complete during the first quarter 2016. The natural gas gathering and processing segments third quarter results increased sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter 2015 and we expect a very strong fourth quarter. We already hit record volumes in September in the Williston Basin and our largest producer in the Mid-Continent is making progress completing wells drilled in the first half of the year. Lets take a closer look at the Williston Basin. Starting off with well connects, we connected more than 720 wells through the third quarter, exceeding our original 2015 target of 700 wells. We are increasing our 2015 well connect target to 825 wells by year-end, which will bring additional volumes to our system in the remainder of 2015 and into 2016. We are reaching record natural gas gathered volumes quicker than we had originally expected. These volumes are the result of multiple factors, including increased well connects, the completion of three of our six compression projects, continued improvements in well performance, and the inventory of flared gas available to capture on our acreage dedication. We saw natural gas gathered volumes reached 685 million cubic feet per day in September, which we previously expected to reach in the fourth quarter. We now expect to reach 710 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter in advance of our 200 million cubic foot per day Lonesome Creek plant coming online. In North Dakota, we continue to actively participate on the flaring task force, which provides policy and flaring target recommendations to the North Dakota Industrial Commission, or the NDIC. The NDIC recently passed updated gas capture percentages and timing, as well as providing a 90-day bank concept for producers who exceed the gas capture targets. These changes are not expected to have a material impact on our volume growth into 2016. While we continue to estimate 145 million cubic feet per day of flared gas on our acreage dedications, we expect that the additional capacity from our Lonesome Creek and Bear Creek plants and associated pipelines and compression projects will deliver the necessary infrastructure to assist our customers in staying well above the NDIC gas capture targets. In the Mid-Continent, our largest producer in the Cana-Woodford did experience minor timing delays in well completion. However, we continue to be on track to reach 910 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter. With another quarter complete, we have continued confidence in the success of our contract restructuring efforts. We have renegotiated many contracts to significantly increase the fee-based components and continue to actively work with our producers to similarly restructure additional contracts. We are starting to see the average fee rate increase in our financial results. For the third quarter, the segment reported a $0.43 average fee rate, which is nearly a 20% increase compared with a year ago. We expect this rate to significantly increase as we complete substantially all of our Williston Basin contract renegotiations in 2015 and receive the full benefit of the increased fee-based margins in 2016. Operationally, we expect our Lonesome Creek plant to be completed by the end of this month, and as we complete the startup process, we expect the facility to start ramping up in mid-December. We also expect to complete the remaining three compressor stations in the fourth quarter, which will provide the infrastructure for Lonesome Creek to be approximately half-full by the second quarter 2016. As I already pointed out, our natural gas volumes are at record highs earlier than anticipated. This is the result of both new and existing wells performing better than anyone anticipated in the Williston Basin and our seasoned operators working diligently to maximize our assets not only in the Williston, but across our 36,000-mile integrated system. Our company has a history of operating safely and reliably. However, the occasional mechanical-related outage will occur, resulting in downtime. As mentioned previously, we did experience some unplanned operational outages this quarter at several of our natural gas gathering and processing facilities in the Williston Basin, which were resolved. This downtime allowed us to complete work that will help us further improve our mechanical reliability and runtime. The Partnerships volume growth through the first nine months of the year has provided us the ability to increase the target natural gas and natural gas liquids volumes we expect to reach in the fourth quarter. And as we have seen our volume expectations met and in some cases exceeded, we have been able to confidently reaffirm our financial guidance ranges for 2015. Our volume growth through the end of 2015, combined with the success we have had converting portions of our commodity-exposed margin to fee-based earnings, is positively positioning our business through these challenging times. Before I finish with our opening remarks, I would like to comment on another topic relating to the notion of a C-Corp general partner acquiring the master limited partnership it controls, also commonly referred to as a rollup transaction. We have seen a number of these rollups either announced or completed over the past year and we continue to field questions regarding our interest level in pursuing such a transaction. As Ive stated a number of times in the past, we remain focused on executing our key strategies to enhance shareholder and unitholder value by, among other things, reducing commodity price exposure, improving margins, enhancing our cost of capital, and growing earnings while providing quality services to our customers. Additionally, we continue to evaluate structural alternatives and strategic acquisition opportunities that may or may not make sense for us. The idea of a rollup of ONEOK Partners into ONEOK is one such alternative that we continue to evaluate, while monitoring the various announced rollup transactions for relevant market data and commentary. As I have said before, our current structure continues to serve us well and remain committed to investors at both ONEOK and at the Partnership to create value and reduce risk. In December, we plan to provide ONEOKs and ONEOK Partners preliminary financial and volume guidance expectations for 2016. As always, thank you for your continued support of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and thank you to our dedicated employees for your hard work and continued commitment to our company. Your innovative ideas and reliable operations continue to strengthen our business and allow us to better serve our customers while navigating these uncertain times. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instruction] Well take our first question from Eric Genco with Citigroup.
Eric Genco: Hi. Congrats on the progress on the POP to fee negotiations. It is good to see some of those benefits trickling in ahead of 2016.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Eric.
Eric Genco: That said, I just want to focus a little bit on the outage and the volume outlook you provided kind of over the last two quarters in the earnings presentation, and I mostly just want to make sure that Im not misinterpreting some of these numbers so I dont accidentally set a bar a little too high on some of them. If you look at the 3Q NGL gathered volume numbers through-786 [ph], versus the ones on Page 4 of the PowerPoint, I assume that the delta there has to do with the outage. And I just want to see, as we look into some of the 4Q numbers that youre talking about in terms of being reached, how you think that should compare with sort of an average number, particularly as youre kind of including some spot volumes in there?
Sheridan Swords: Obviously, the reach number is actually what we anticipate we will max at, the max volume we will get on our system, not an average. So the average will be less than that over the quarter and the spot volumes are not for the whole quarter. Theyre only for a certain period of the quarter. So, you will see it down on average.
Eric Genco: Okay. I mean, is it of order of magnitude similar to what we saw in the third quarter or is there some way that you can provide that or - because I just feel like sometimes if that is sitting there, then people may sort of interpret that and just want to try to get a sense for how to triangulate that.
Sheridan Swords: I would say its probably - our gathered volume is probably maybe around 5%. The average is 5% down from the peak.
Eric Genco: Okay, all right, thats very helpful. And then, I guess, next so I was interested in, I guess, maintenance CapEx is tracking below the full-year guidance of 142. Should we expect a major catch-up in 4Q? Or is 142 is still the right number, that would kind of imply 4Q maintenance CapEx at double the rate of the first nine months. Is that reasonable or how should we be thinking about that?
Derek Reiners: This is Derek. We are expecting maintenance capital to be a little bit lower than the $142 million that we previously guided. I think were looking about $130 million. Thats lower mostly just due to timing as well as being able to get the projects done a bit less costly than we had previously indicated just based on cost compression primarily.
Eric Genco: Okay. All right, well, thank you very much. I appreciate it. Congrats.
Terry Spencer: Yes. Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Well next hear from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. Congrats on a good quarter. You are - I wanted to talk about your well connects first. You guys are connecting 125 more wells than originally anticipated earlier this year. It looks like the DUCs are also continuing to grow, yet rig count has fallen substantially. We all hear about oil services guys doing more with less. Do you have any productivity metrics you can share with us, maybe, how many days it takes to drill and complete a well back now versus January?
Terry Spencer: Yes Christine. Yes, we do. I mean, maybe not specific to January but most definitely we see efficiencies really at all levels when you think about the producers and what theyre able to accomplish especially in the Williston. From a rig efficiency perspective if you think historically over maybe couple years ago they were drilling, each rig would be able to drill 12 to 14 wells per year now theyre up on average maybe in the 18 to 20 wells per year range. Cost reductions have been consistent across producers in the 20% to 30% range as theyre able to lower the cost to drilling complete wells and then just the performance the completion technologies that are used now were seeing 30% to 40% improvements in IP rates over the last six to 12 months. So, the combination of all those factors really absolutely, theyre able to do more or less.
Christine Cho: Okay great. And then on the west Texas LPG pipeline volumes it look like those were revised lower for the fourth quarter versus what you guided us towards last quarter. Can you talk about whats going on there is the production behind your system is slowing or is there something else? Im just a little surprised, its come down given I thought you guys have the cheapest rate in the region and also what do you do for the timing of the expansions for the pipeline?
Terry Spencer: Kristine, what I would say is that the main reason we dropped that down is were not seeing the short-haul volume out in west Texas we had anticipated it would come on. Now, thats our lowest margin volume out there so it is just going from certain spot in west Texas to other spot in west Texas. And here, we did see a slight reduction in long-haul volumes when we increased our rates and on the subject of lowest rates in the region in July, we increased our rates up there and brought them more in line with markets. And so, thats why we saw little bit of this movement on the short-haul volume.
Christine Cho: Does that change the - youre thinking about the expansions on the pipe?
Terry Spencer: The expansions will be driven by now, the expansions are driven by new plants being put on out there and were still in active negotiations with processors out there to back that expansion and theyre still going well. So, I dont think that has any impact on our expansions. Mainly, our expansion would be a long-haul expansion not have anything to do with the short-haul volume.
Christine Cho: Okay. When do you expect the pipeline to be expanded, just on your current conversations?
Terry Spencer: As when we get the ink on paper, but were probably looking into 2017.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then, I just wanted to go to your comments on the spot volumes. It looks like you guys are seeing some on the NGL system, the gathering, and also fractionation volumes. What is driving this exactly and why would this go away in 2016?
Terry Spencer: Well, the spot volumes are being driven by some frac outages in Mont Belvieu and also volume that is anticipating some new fracs being come on that will come on in the later 4Q. So, thats why we dont think it will be into 2016, this specific one. Now, we do see some opportunities from some spot volume in first quarter that it would be different spot volume, but its really just volume that has a home, but unfortunately the frac feeder had some issues or the frac is not up yet.
Christine Cho: Okay, and then lastly, at the parent level when I think about the dividend, you guys are going to see increased cash flow from higher LP unit count and NGP, but how should we think about the increases for the parent? You guys talk about navigating through uncertain times. How should we think about how much you want to keep on the balance sheet just in case you guys do have to help out OKS again next year if things dont materially improve?
Derek Reiners: Yes Christine, this is Derek. Really, no change in our stance here as we did earlier in the year we still expect to retain additional cash at ONEOK as we go through this on certain times, there is value to that and having optionality down the road. So, I wouldnt expect a big change at this point in our approach.
Terry Spencer: And Christine this is Terry. Well discontinue to look at it quarter-to-quarter as we said in the past the environment continues to be very uncertain. And so, really in that respect nothing changed. So, I guess we continue to look at it quarter-to-quarter and assist the market environment.
Christine Cho: Okay. Thank you for all the color.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: Well move on to Craig Schere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Schere: Good morning. Congratulations on
Terry Spencer: Hey, Craig.
Craig Schere: Good volume guidance here. So on Christines question about drivers for increased well connects, do you see some of this better two-half performance working down the flaring versus what you originally anticipated by year-end?
Kevin Burdick: Well, as I think about well connect this is Kevin. We think about well connects lot of the increase the increase is really driven. We had really higher than expectations early in the year with the well connects. As we move forward and we think about the well connects for the rest of this year yes, those will connect wells that will be coming on line some point the near future and its the combination of those, but then also when we get the infrastructure in place we will have the, thats really what will pull the flaring numbers down if that is getting at your question.
Craig Schere: Okay. So when those plants come online, thats still available there. My concern was that we arent missing out on that buffer there. We are not counting what might be hitting in 2016 and the second half 2015 is what Im getting at.
Terry Spencer: I guess on we struggle a little bit. We think about the, its the combination of the well connects in the flared gas, we dont necessarily bucket the well connects is going to put up the flares as we put more infrastructure in place with our three more compressor stations in fourth quarter and the Lonesome Creek plant as we connect new wells as the drill completed backlog comes down that infrastructure will be there to capture the volumes. So, we absolutely expect our flaring, our gas capture to go up and our flare percentage to go down, does that answer your question Craig?
Craig Schere: Yes, I think that does. And can you provide some more details about the ethane recovery? Is that increasing off the 20,000 a day that started in June?
Terry Spencer: The ethane recovery out of the Bakken is running about 22,000 barrels a day.
Craig Schere: Okay. And were making a lot of great headway on the contractor structuring in the Bakken obviously, you had a lot of leverage there, because the wet gas is very small portion of wells and you needed to get those wells in compliance. How do you see prospects from a continent contractor structures?
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin here. The Williston the Bakken gets a lot of focus as we talk about contracting efforts, but were making great progress in Oklahoma as well it is obviously a much different competitive landscape. As we think about the producers there and weve got a different customer mix when we think about dealing there is a lot more contracts with smaller volumes and so, but were actively pursuing opportunities to convert more of our margin to fee based in the Mid-Continent, just like we are in the Williston.
Terry Spencer: Craig, the only thing I want to add to that is that the thing you have to understand is the Williston basin there is only about 10 contracts they represented 75% of our line. So, were not talking about hundreds of contracts when you go to the Mid-Continent though you are talking about hundreds and hundreds of contracts. And so, from a pragmatic standpoint or practical standpoint as you look forward were trying to restructure contracts in the Mid-Continent as were doing in the Williston you got some, you just got a lot more contracts lot more producers and the volumes under those contracts are much smaller. So, it create some practical challenges in terms of trying to get that done obviously, and thats in addition to the competitive landscape is the point that Kevin brought up.
Craig Schere: Understood. And last question, given the increasing prospects out of the Bakken and the volume guidance rising, what are the prospects for bringing back onto the table some of the deferred projects up there? Particularly given the needs that are only extended, I think, a few months versus originally I was thinking maybe a couple years in terms of that flaring compliance, it seems the producers dont have forever to wait on these decisions.
Terry Spencer: Yes Craig. As we said in the past on these suspended projects if we could see sustained prices crude oil prices in that $65, $70 range there is a good likelihood that drilling will stimulate and the demand for that capacity will come back. And so, thats how were thinking about it right now. Were not there obviously in this current environment were not there yet, but certainly were hopeful that we cant get there and clearly our view is that prices will improve the trick, obviously is how much and when. But yes, if we can see that $65 to $70 barrel range. I think its very likely we could kick those projects back on.
Craig Schere: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Well move on to Kristina Kazarian with Deutsche Bank.
Kristina Kazarian: Hi guys. Nice job on the increase in operating income number from contract mix.
Terry Spencer: Thanks.
Kristina Kazarian: Quick question, though, Terry, I know you mentioned expecting substantially all of these to be renegotiated. Can you just help me think about the uplift relative to where we are in the process? So, say were at 10, have two changed or is it more like were at the point of eight now?
Terry Spencer: Well actually, I will let Kevin handle that question Kristina.
Kevin Burdick: Well, with that getting into specifics we have made a lot of progress I think you are seeing some of that already reflected in our financials, I would expect to see continued improvements in the fourth quarter and then the full effect will get in 2016, but we are at or ahead of really where we expected to be in that process as we move towards the end of the year.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to that Kristina is the negotiations have gone well the producers absolutely they need the services, they need other features that they currently dont have in their contracts discussions their negotiations who have been very constructive and were well down the road to getting this all wrapped up by the end of the year. So, progress is good and discussions have been very positive.
Kristina Kazarian: Great. And then, can you guys help me - walk me through the one-time coverage for calendar-year 2016 guidance? How do you guys get there? What should I be thinking about in terms of - I know you havent given formal 2016 guidance yet, but like commodity growth assumptions that go into that? Is it like, for the entire year one times coverage or is it hit this at some point in calendar-year 2016? Anything there would be great.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Kristina. Yes, we have every intention of providing in early to mid-December our 2016 outlook, so we will have a lot of that information for you in terms of volumes. Now we have already provided some volume transparency for 2016, but we will have - in December of this year, we will have all that put together and for guidance purposes and we will have - we will release that mid-December or so.
Kristina Kazarian: Thank you there, and then lastly for me, can you just give an update on the balance sheet and how conversations are going with the rating agencies, especially at the OKS level?
Derek Reiners:
.:
Kristina Kazarian: Okay, thanks, guys. Nice job today.
Derek Reiners: Thanks.
Operator: Well move onto Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Hey, Jeremy.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. This is actually Chris on for Jeremy. Congrats on the strong quarter.
Terry Spencer: Hey, Chris.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. So my question was - my first question is on contract restructuring. So you guys already had G&P volumes or G&P average fee rates increased about 20% in 3Q. And so, Im just trying to get a better understanding of how that run rate is going to change going into the fourth quarter and how much potential upside there is looking into 2016?
Kevin Burdick: Jeremy, this is Kevin. As we - like I just mentioned, as we move into the fourth quarter, yes, you would expect to continue to see that fee rate to improve and go up, and even further as we move into 2016. Weve given the margin mix, what we expect of a 70% more than 70% fee in 2016, but beyond that, getting into specific margins, we will see more as we issue our guidance coming up.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And so you guys noted that the Willistons contract restructurings should be done by year-end, so could we think of 3Q as maybe more than 50% baked in or?
Kevin Burdick: I will just go back to my previous remarks that as we move forward through this, were where we are at or where we expected we would be at this point, and we still feel very confident that we are going to get those substantially all complete by the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thats helpful. And then I guess on Bakken flaring, I guess you have seen some regulations pushed back, and so do you see any additional risks to potential regulatory changes there?
Kevin Burdick: No, we dont, I mean as we think about the gas capture targets as we bring on our Lonesome Creek facility, that is going to - there will be a step change as we think about our gas capture behind our system, and then with Bear Creek coming online in the third quarter of 2016, we will see another step change down, and that kind of lines up with the gas capture target increases, so we feel very good about being able to provide the services so that our customers will stay well above that.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on your natural gas liquids pipeline operating margins per barrel, those slightly declined over the quarter. And so, Bakken actually was increased as a percentage of the volume pie and so I was just trying to get an understanding of the drivers there.
Derek Reiners: The decrease in the margin.
Unidentified Analyst: Correct.
Derek Reiners: Weve had more volume come out of the Powder River. We have had some increased volume come out of the Powder River. Weve had some increase of volume out of the Powder River portion which has a lower fee on those barrels. And then, we have had some other volumes come on that have some Conway pricing. So they dont have some highest margin as well, so its - thats kind of whats driving that down just slightly.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That makes sense. I think thats it for me. Thanks guys. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well move on to Becca Followill with US Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: Hey, guys.
Terry Spencer: Hey, Becca.
Derek Reiners: Hey, Becca.
Becca Followill: On back on the Bakken and Williston re-contracting, I know that you value your customer relationships dearly, but can you talk a little bit about how thats impacted by effectively raising the rates and how the new rates compare with some competitors in the region? Are you still competitive or does it hurt long-term relationships?
Terry Spencer: Well, let me just make a general comment, Becca. No, we dont believe that will. As an industry, we have been through this cycle many times and we have been through these - we went through this cycle in the early 2000 timeframe, renegotiating keep-whole contracts actually the POPs, in many cases. And so, now, here we are today. So, those relationships, yes, anytime you go through the contract renegotiation effort it can create some stress on a relationship. But the fact of the matter is that the producers value quality service. And as long as we continue to provide quality service, our relationships are going to be good. And thats what we have done up there. There is nobody else up in the basin that really can provide that broad range of service that we provide, which includes the natural gas liquids in addition to the gathering and processing services we provide. So were differentiated in that respect. And not only from the quality of services but obviously our sheer size. So, really no, we have worked - we could have taken an approach that was much more abrupt, but we have chosen to take a very positive and proactive approach, giving the producers the opportunity to talk with us and tell us what their specific needs are. And so its - so its been a fairly long process throughout this year, and I think our producers appreciate that positive dialogue. So no, we dont believe that our producer relationships have been damaged or set back in any way.
Becca Followill: Thank you. And then, great volume guidance for the fourth quarter and then going into 2016, but, of course, we always want more. So much of 2015 and 2016 was driven by the flaring capture and new plants coming online and compression. But, do you have any preliminary outlook for 2017 if we are in a sustained $45 to $50 oil price environment?
Terry Spencer: Yes. Actually, Becca, no, we have not provided that publicly. We continue to - our belief is that the environment is going to get much better. And as we see production turnover start to happen, I think its going to be very abrupt as we move into, when I say production Im talking about crude oil from macro perspective. So really, we dont see that $40 environment sustaining out into that period of time. Thats probably as aggressive this will get on an outlook that far out. But we really not have provided any sort of public guidance in 2017 yet. The outlook for 2016 still looks very solid and so we dont see - we dont expect any sort of significant downturn as we move to the latter part of the year, which would set you up for a lower 2017. We really dont see that.
Becca Followill: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Terry Spencer: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Eureste, we have no further questions at this time. I would like turn the conference back over to you for any additional or further remarks.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you. Our quite period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on February 22, followed by a conference call on February 23. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Manager, Credit and Finance Terry Spencer - President and CEO Derek Reiners - SVP, CFO and Treasurer Kevin Burdick - VP, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Sheridan Swords - SVP, Natural Gas Liquids, ONEOK Partners Walt Hulse - EVP of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs Wes Christensen - SVP, Operations Phil May - VP, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Christine Cho - Barclays Capital Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies & Company Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers John Edwards - Credit Suisse Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Securities Becca Followill - US Capital Advisors Eric Genco - Citigroup Matt Niblack - HITE Hedge
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and many thank you for joining today and for your continued interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer; Wes Christensen, Senior Vice President, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; Kevin Burdick, Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Phil May, Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines. As noted in our second quarter earnings results release yesterday afternoon, key financial and operational information discussed during our first quarter earnings call has been updated in a short presentation and is posted on ONEOKs and ONEOK Partners Web site. Please refer to this presentation and to the earnings releases for various explanation and key metrics. With the information that has already been provided, I intend to keep my remarks brief today and focus on a few key areas. Well spend the majority of our time answering your questions. To begin, even in this continued weak commodity price environment, we expect that both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners will end the year within our 2015 financial guidance ranges. And as we exit 2015, we expect 2016 to continue to benefit from the completed and soon to be completed capital growth projects in the natural gas liquids, natural gas pipelines and natural gas gathering and processing segments. We are seeing volume growth through the first half of the year as anticipated, particularly regarding natural gas liquids gathered and fractionated and natural gas gathered and processed. We expect these volume increases to continue into 2016. Overall, the Partnerships year-to-date performance positions us to achieve our natural gas gathering volume and financial objectives for the year. I will now turn the call over to Derek for a brief discussion of ONEOK Partners and ONEOKs financials. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thank you, Terry. Starting on partnership, 2015 EBITDA contribution continues to ramp up as strong volume growth is shaking up as we anticipated. We expect to grow our EBITDA in the second half of 2015 and be within our 2015 financial guidance EBITDA range of $1.51 billion to $1.73 billion. Our EBITDA growth follows the volume growth. Even in this lower commodity price environment, the Partnerships year-to-date EBITDA of $712 million is only $40 million less than in the same period in 2014, which was a record in environment with much higher commodity prices. Our coverage ratio has improved to a 0.88 times coverage in the second quarter of 2015 and we expect continued improvement in our coverage the balance of the year. The partnership has a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity to support our current capital program including access to our commercial paper program and credit facility. As of June 30, ONEOK Partners had an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.5 times.  As we said, investment grade credit ratings of ONEOK Partners remain very important to us. Through the first half of 2015 our ATM program was a very effective tool for issuing equity and we continue to evaluate the overnight equity markets and other sources of capital. We will continue to take a balanced approach and remain disciplined when issuing debt and equity. Additional equity is needed to continue to support our capital projects.  We continue to remain confident in our ability to raise necessary capital to fund our capital projects at ONEOK Partners. At ONEOK our liquidity remains strong with a $150 million in cash and undrawn $300 million credit facility, and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2 times at June 30. We continue to retain access cash at ONEOK as we navigate these uncertain times. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Now let's take a closer look at each of our business segments, starting with our natural gas liquids segment. The segment's 2015 year-to-date results were supported by solid second quarter performance. The segment's year-to-date operating income exceeds year-to-date 2014 operating income. This becomes a more useful statistic when you consider that first quarter 2014 results rightly benefited from a historically high demand for propane and that in 2015 the segment has experienced lower realized NGL product price differentials and narrower NGL location price differentials. So even though year-over-year the segment was competing with the 2014 propane benefit, operating income so far in 2015 has exceeded first half 2014 totals because of the continued strong growth of fee based revenues and volumes. Our integrated NGL system continues to benefit from providing non-discretionary fee-based services to NGL producers by connecting growing natural gas liquids supply in the Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent and Permian regions with key market centers. The natural gas liquids gathered volume on the Bakken NGL pipeline reached approximately 100,000 barrels per day in July and is expected to reach approximately 105,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter 2015. This is an increase of approximately 20,000 barrels per day from what we expected in the first quarter as a result of decreased ethane rejection in the Rocky Mountain region. We will talk more about the reduced ethane rejection in a moment. The average bundle gathering and fractionation rate on the Bakken NGL pipeline is more than $0.30 per gallon. Moving to our fractionated volume. In addition to the increased ethane fractionated due to the decreased ethane rejection, we also saw more than 20,000 barrels per day of incremental interruptible volumes on our system in the second quarter as we were able to utilize our fractionation assets to meet market demand. We expect to continue to see approximately that level of incremental interruptible volume from our system into the fourth quarter. As a reminder, we do not include interruptible volumes in our fractionation volume guidance. And finally, in recent weeks, we have seen Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials range from $0.02 to $0.03 per gallon and we expect this range to continue for the rest of this year. As you know our natural gas pipelines business is primarily fee-based with long-term firm demand charge contracts. We continue to develop new projects and opportunities to grow our fee-based earnings. Just last week we announced plans to expand our ONEOK WesTex Intrastate Natural Gas Pipeline System in the Texas Panhandle and Permian Basin. The expansion which will complement our previously announced Roadrunner Gas Transmission Pipeline joint venture is already 90% subscribed with 25 years firm demand charge agreements. These projects and the expansion of our Mid-Western Gas Transmission Pipeline System are continued examples of our committeemen to stable long-term fee-based earnings growth. The natural gas gathering and processing segment's second quarter results were significantly improved over the first quarter. Earnings for this segment are still expected to be significantly weighted towards the second half of the year which is in line with the expected growth of our 2015 natural gas gathered and processed volumes. We have greater confidence in our Williston Basin volume projections with six months of operating performance under our belt and good visibility into the remainder of 2015. The segment is seeing the benefit of rigs concentrated in the most productive areas, new well connections, two compressor stations completed, and the current flared gas inventory. We expect Williston Basin volume in the third quarter to reach approximately 650 million cubic feet per day as we continue to bring on additional field infrastructure. Additionally, our new well connections continue to exceed our expectations as we completed nearly as many in the first half of 2015 as we did in the first half of 2014. We remain on track to fill our plans to approximately 685 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter as we complete gathering system and compression projects through the second half of the year. These new compressor stations will not only fill our existing plants but also will provide capacity to ramp up volumes at our Lonesome Creek plant, which is expected to be completed late in the fourth quarter 2015. In the Mid-Continent our volumes increased quarter-over-quarter due to incremental interruptible gathering and processing services we provide to third parties from time to time as demand dictates. In addition, a key producer in the Cana-Woodford as expect has now started the process of completing wells drilled in the first half of the year. Our commercial team continues to make progress with customers on its recontracting efforts and has same positive results in increasing our fee based margin while providing enhanced services to our customers. Additionally, we reduced the level of ethane rejection in the Rocky Mountain region in June 2015 to maintain downstream NGL product quality specifications to ensure continued reliable delivery of high quality NGL products to meet the needs of our downstream markets. We expect the decreased level of ethane rejections to continue. Our producer customers are continuing to find ways to reduce drilling cost, and are doing more with less. Said another way, our producer customers are increasing volume with fewer but more efficient rigs and advanced completion technologies are increasing well production rates to levels the industry has never seen before. Our positive operating performance through the first half of the year, combined with what our producer customers are communicating to us, has given us greater confidence in our 2015 natural gas gathering and processing volumes and momentum into 2016. Much like 2015, our 2016 volume growth is expected to be led by growth in the Williston Basin. In the Williston we connected more than 260 new wells in the second quarter 2015, bringing our year-to-date total to more than 560 new well connections. We still expect to reach our 2015 new well connection goal of more than 700 wells and our 2016 goal of more than 600 new wells. That continues to be an inventory of flared gas in the Williston Basin and we estimate approximately 145 million cubic feet per day is dedicated to the Partnership with the majority of the wells flaring already connected to our system. As I touched on earlier, our producer customers are doing more with less. Therere approximately 40 rigs drilling in the most productive areas at any given time on our acreage dedication in Northeast McKenzie, North Dunn and Southern Williams Counties. Additionally wells in the high producing areas continue to exhibit significant performance improvements; producing two to three times more natural gas than lower producing areas. Additionally, more than 900 wells, which have been drilled but not completed, remain in the basin. The continued drilling flared natural gas inventory, improved well performance and significant backlog of uncompleted wells is expected to continue and help contribute to the Partnership reaching its 2016 natural gas gathered volume expectations. Our strong natural gas liquids and natural gas volume growth in the second quarter support the volume outlook weve been communicating and provide our stakeholders additional visibility to support our volume growth outlook for the second half of the year; and most importantly, our financial guidance expectations for 2015 and the momentum into 2016. As always, thank you for your continued support in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and thank you to our dedicated employees for your hard work and continued commitment to our Company. Operator, were ready for the questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And we will take the first question today from Christine Cho with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Christine Cho: I just wanted to start with the reduced ethane in the Rockies. When you say to maintain downstream product quality specifications, are you talking about meeting natural gas pipeline specs?
Terry Spencer: No Christine were talking about natural liquids specifications.
Christine Cho: SoYes, more color would be helpful.
Terry Spencer: Sure, and Sheridan, Ill let you talk about it.
Sheridan Swords: The NGLs coming out of the Bakken have a high oxygen content, and as we fractionate that oxygen, its been driven into the propane, and the butane and to be able to get that by bringing more ethane on, we can driven it into the EP or we can treat it and we continue to make sure that the propane is on spec for delivery into the end use market.
Christine Cho: And then I guess a molecule [ph] from the Rockies. How much does that generate? I am assuming it's not the full $0.30 that we usually look at for Bakken.
Terry Spencer: It is -- we are having, it's close to that number but there is some offset versus that current ship wrecker pays are demand charges that we have. So this is going to offset, it gives demand charges as well. So it's not the full $0.30.
Christine Cho: Okay, but not something for off '15?
Terry Spencer: It's close, yes.
Christine Cho: Okay. I guess one of your competitors is in the process of connecting two of their NGL pipelines that would bring 50,000 barrels per day of propane from the Marcellus into the Midwest. Do you have any thoughts that you could share with us about what that level of supply could potentially use to the spread between Belvieu, Conway. Is that kind of supply going over along Conway or is that already enough excess capacity between Conway and Belvieu that it could easily go to Gulf Coast without any problems or does it just pretty prevent Conway from ever trading at a premium, again like it did last year. Any color would be helpful?
Terry Spencer: Christine what I would say is that obviously more volume into the Mid-Continent has nothing but improved spreads. We do think there is the ability to move some propane from Conway down to Mont Belvieu, especially if you displaced out a product. So these are all back spot ones that you may move more propane than butane and more propane than the EP or ethane that you have. But we do think there is capacity to move incrementally more volume between the two. But I think it will normally have a widening effect on the spread and it will have a dampening effect on Conway ever trading over Belvieu, you are correct.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then I guess last question from me. You guys have done a sizable amount of equity on the ATM year-to-date but like you said you are going to have to do more and because I think the market has somewhat of a wide range out there and what that number is, it kind of puts a bigger overhang on OKS. So thats EBITDA you guys report is always different than what I calculate and I suspect it's because of the project credit thats in there but how far does the credit rating agencies go in giving you that credit, is it year, 18 months, two years, any color on how they have used your balance sheet would be helpful?
Derek Reiners: Sure Christine, this is Derek. On an unadjusted basis, our debt-to-EBITDA has shown a 5.1 and we reported 4.5 on an adjusted basis, you are correct. The principal difference there is the material projects that we have on our way that we receive some credit for in our covenants so that's that delta. On a run rate basis, you are probably 1 or 2 basis points lower than that if you just took four quarter -- or excuse me second quarter and multiply that by 4. The agencies I think give us some credit for that, I am not exactly sure to what extent, they dont exactly share all their calculations with us. But they certainly understand that as we're in construction mode, we will be issuing equity and debt for that matter ahead of the realization of the earnings from those projects. And so I think there is some benefit afforded to us in that regard. Cleary agencies look forward and think about the nature of those projects and the earnings from those projects going forward as they think about, how does our leverage looks going forward.
Christine Cho: Thank you for the color.
Derek Reiners: You bet.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thanks Christine.
Operator: And we will now go to Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey good morning Terry.
Terry Spencer: Hey good morning Chris.
Chris Sighinolfi: Thanks for the added color this morning also thanks to Walt and T. D. for the slide presentation and the added disclosure, it's very helpful to us. So I just want to say thanks.
Terry Spencer: You are quite welcome.
Chris Sighinolfi: Couple of questions, I guess the follow on with where the screen going originally, the slide 4 where you have the volumetric data since the April update, clearly the Bakken NGL volumes are up materially from April end of July and you expected peak rates for the fourth quarter. You mentioned Terry the effects of reduced ethane rejection and interruptible volumes on 2Q and the guidance. But the wondering sort of those factors 2Q with an upside price for you on those fronts. So what are you seeing in the Bakken and I guess what gives you confidence with the forecast and could we see further upside from the products that you mentioned as we move into the back half?
Terry Spencer: Well Chris I mean we have increased confidence because our producers are performing and we continue to have lots of discussions to get a better understanding of where they are and what their plans are and they are executing those plans and as we said they are continuing to improve their cost structure and improve their technology and really significantly outperformed even in the midst of slight rig reductions in some cases. So we've got good visibility into the quarter and that's the reason why we feel so confident about the volumes. That plays right into the natural gas liquids segment particularly as we produced more natural gas liquids out of the Rocky's and we produced more natural gas liquids out of the Mid-Continent that benefits the NGL segment. So it's about visibility, it's about continued communication with these producers.
Chris Sighinolfi: And so on the, I guess the downstream spec element, the Sheridans comments. Is there further upside on that element, what you saw in Q2 and thus far in 3Q? Or are we fairly comfortable with their specs look like given base level and production volumes on is different?
Sheridan Swords: Well, one thing I would say is that in 2Q we discovered that we stated the ethane recovery or decreased ethane rejection in June, so you would have a full three months in the third quarter and full three months in the fourth quarter. So we think the level of ethane, or close to the level ethane that we were extracting today, is enough to bring these products into the spec and we can handle and get into the end use market.
Chris Sighinolfi: Sticking with that slide, slide number four, for a moment, it seems like the steepest projected ramp in July volumes to year end is on the West Texas system. So I just had a couple questions there. First, what is driving the ramp? Two, it looks also like the blended tariff rate on the system maybe came up a penny from the April update. I'm wondering if that was due to any recontracting if I am over-reading or reading too much and its something like there is something else going on. And then three, Terry you had mentioned when you bought that asset the potential to fractionate barrels coming off gathering Permian volumes. So just wondering when we might expect to see the approach of that effort or if you could give us something on it?
Terry Spencer: The first thing Id say is July is down a little bit, the 2 15 is down a little bit from the fact that we had some outages on the system that caused the volume to be down. Also the reason the $0.04 weve gone from $0.03 to $0.04 just because we have increased the tariff rates on the pipeline closer to market than from what it was. So youre seeing an increase in rates on the existing volume there. We continue to think that well have ramp up there as we talk to more producers out there and we think there is opportunity for that to grow. As you point out that the West Texas pipeline has the lowest margin on our system, so it doesnt have the biggest impact.
Chris Sighinolfi: And then on the fractionation side of it longer-term, just give an update on where we stand.
Terry Spencer: We continue to talk to producers and processors out in the Permian who are looking for a bundled service, not just transportation to fractionation and delivery into the end use market. So as we stated when we bought this pipeline, we think the ability to bring that bundled service to customers of the West Texas pipeline greatly enhance our ability to bring product to the line. And so we are in negotiations with various people on the line to be able to do that.
Chris Sighinolfi: Sheridan, anything to talk about?
Sheridan Swords: No, I didnt have anything to add, Chris.
Chris Sighinolfi: I guess one final thing on the asset side, it looks like Stateline de-ethanizer was moved out a little bit. Given the comments around reduced ethane rejection, I'm just wondering what drove that and any and that that movement in time would have on cost or return.
Kevin Burdick: The de-ethanizer was pushed back is regarding to the details of the design and it was really two drivers. One was as we work with our contractor. There was some long lead time equipment that got in and pushed the dates out a little bit. And then as we recast the dates when we apply for winter construction and looked at the efficiency we have when we run our projects through the winter, that cost us some time to -- don't think it will have a material impact on our 16 what were thinking there.
Chris Sighinolfi: One final thing for me, just, Derek, the 4.5 times debt to EBITDA leverage metric that you quoted, that is consistent with how we interpret the covenants on the credit facilities, is that right?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, thats correct. It is exactly the way that we file with our banks for covenant compliance.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot for the added color today, guys, and congrats on a great quarter.
Kevin Burdick: You bet. Thanks Chris.
Operator: And well go to Kristina Kazarian with Deutsche Bank.
Kristina Kazarian: Quick follow-up, first on leverage levels, can you talk -- I note you guys talked about this a little bit in two of the previous questions. But can you talk a little bit more about what I should be thinking on in terms of where the rating agencies want you guys to go on like a year-end run rate basis to keep an IG rating, and what that would mean for the use of the ATM or maybe even a block, and how you think about that given where the different currencies are trading right now?
Derek Reiners: The agencies I think have put out some guidance for us in their most recent updates. I think Moody's talks about a 4.5 times and S&P talks about 4.25 to be in those ranges. So certainly we think about that as we consider our equity needs during the year. Weve said many times the ATM has been a good tool for us and certainly would expect to continue to use that in the future. But again, we have to kind of balance the balance sheet needs, the leverage with the issuing equity at a higher yield certainly than we would like to see. And of course as to additional you pay distributions on those units and so that impacts your coverage. So it's a balance and certainly we have regular communications with the agencies and let them know what our plans are.
Kristina Kazarian: And then bigger picture, I know we often talk about the desire to move more from POP to fee-based and to kind to get the business and at some in time you said you guys have sustained like the one-time coverage just off fee-based. I know you mentioned, again say in the press release but can we talk about progress that's been made there and time frame to that actually occurring in your mind?
Terry Spencer: Yes, I will just make a high level comment. It's going very well. Producers are engaged with us. We've had success. We've had some contracts. We are converted more to a fee-based structure than POP. So we are expanding the fee-based component and shrinking the commodity sensitive component that's gone -- it's gone well. Producers, they want additional services, other things added to their contracts with us, other features and we are working with them on those. So it's going well. When you think about the regions in which we operate and particularly in the Williston Basin, it's not like hundreds of contracts we're having to address, its key producers and just it's not a whole bunch of contracts, okay? So we expect to have some success as we continue to move forward, have success fairly quickly.
Kristina Kazarian: And so when we think about that, is it like a '16, '17, '18, how just roughly frame enough maybe?
Terry Spencer: Yes, it's going to be more of 2016 benefit to us.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect. Thanks guys. That was it from me today.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning and congratulations.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Craig.
Craig Shere: So when you -- in the last questioning when you were saying Terry 2016 benefit and some of the conversion to more fee-based from POP processing and contracting, is that to suggest that the vast majority if not all of the distribution could be covered by fee-base by then or is that more a longer term?
Terry Spencer: Now that's Craig -- that would be a longer term proposition for us, okay. I think it's a practical goal, I think it makes more sense than perhaps trying to target a percentage of fee and percentage of commodity exposure but definitely it's a longer term goal.
Craig Shere: Okay. And Derek expressed the balance between topping ATM and keeping in mind the practical yields these units are trading at in the public market. Even with today's gains I think we are at stair step of lower price point than what you got on the ATM issuances in the second quarter. Is there a point at which you are just not interested in public issuances and at which without considering major structural changes that the OKE free cash flow and balance sheet strength could be used to bridge funding needs for few quarters?
Derek Reiners: Yes, Craig this is Derek. I think that's a good point. Certainly OKE has some additional cash on its balance sheet today and it has certainly got capacity to raise capital there at more attractive yields today. I think it is important to step back and think about the underlying assets of the Partnership and the types of projects that we have, even at these higher yields those projects make sense. And so it's something we certainly think about very often but and we could consider other types of securities other than just a common unit, we could consider -- OKE might consider participation in some form or fashion as well to help that need as well.
Craig Shere: And Terry as we think about bottlenecks in infrastructure in terms of actually filling out the Bakken Express Pipeline, I know that right now at the $45 oil that's not what people are thinking about. But thinking overtime, filling up that pipeline at $0.30 plus pricing thats bundled pricing including all downstream infrastructure. Is the bottleneck there fractionation that would need to be added and how we should think about how much more fractionation is needed to fill up that pipe in terms of the full issue of ethane rejection?
Terry Spencer: Well Craig it's a combination of both pipe and fractionation capacity. We are certainly not anywhere near to that point yet but if you think about it very broadly and longer term, if need to get to that kind of next stair step level of production assuming the prices stabilize and rebound, when we think about expanding that whole infrastructure it's got to be pipes, it's a combination of lubs, it's pumps and it's fractionation capacity you got potentially in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast. So you have to think about it broadly, I wouldnt characterize it as just one particular component.
Craig Shere: And is there a bookmark you can give in terms of -- or book-ins you can give in terms of how billions of dollars of infrastructure we are talking about?
Terry Spencer: Ill let Sheridan.
Sheridan Swords: Well, what I would say, Craig, the other thing to realize is that fracs are not exclusive to one basin. Our system is we can move Y grade around. So would we have to add more fracs if we add more volume out of the Bakken? Possibly if we bring more volume as were seeing more volume come out at the Scoop, the Stack and some of those areas, as that comes on that fills up our existing frac capacity as well, so its go in there. But right now we think we have enough frac capacity for the volume on the Bakken today as it grows even in a C3 plus rejected volume. We do see a great opportunity out at the Central Oklahoma with the Stack and whats going on down there in the Scoop that we think -- we do think in the future we will be building more fracs.
Craig Shere: On a separate note, I was a bit surprise the optimization margins weren't more robust in the quarter, because propane spreads actually got pretty decent even though ethane was pretty anemic still. Can you update us on your ability to capture specific propane differentials even amidst the anemic ethane margins?
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think the biggest thing you have to look at is when you look at the propane differential through the second quarter -- you have to realize if you are going to the LONESTAR facility, which had the highest spread theres restrictions in getting to that facility. So a lot of what we were able to capture was between Conway and the non-TET or enterprise mark. So that was down cents per gallon from that. We continue to, on the propane side, we continue to convert a lot of our optimization capacity to fee-based. So when we do that that reduces our ability to get a wider spread on margins on what we do ship down there, because we have to ship more and more volume for our third-party people that have, weve given them Belvieu access.
Craig Shere: And just one more, the Bakken gathered NGL volumes are only forecast to rise 5% from July to the fourth quarter. But gathered volumes are guided to rise 14% from 2Q to 4Q. Can you elaborate on that?
Sheridan Swords: The reason that gathered volumes are continuing to go up, it is definitely a growth out of our Bakken, but we also see growth coming out of the Mid-Continent as we continue to go forward on that. So I think that may be where you are seeing some of that growth happen.
Craig Shere: I guess -- I am sorry, the first number was the NGL volumes and second was the guest gathered volumes all out of Bakken.
Sheridan Swords: Okay.
Kevin Burdick: Craig, this is Kevin. On the gathered volumes when you look at the information we provided in the quarter, that is not necessarily a quarterly average thats saying we will reach that capacity at some point. So, if you just do that math, thats not saying that there is a, what your number was thats the average growth, quarter-over-quarter, that just taking look at kind of a peak volume in the third quarter and a peak volume in the fourth quarter.
Craig Shere: So the numbers are a bit apples and oranges. That helps. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well go to Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Chris on for Jeremy. I guess as noted earlier, I appreciate the color, extra color on the slide deck. When you look at the volume outlook for the second half of 2015 you noted that captured flare gas was one of the key drivers and you also have an inventory of about 145 million cubic feet a day in ONEOK's dedicated area. And so, we were wondering whether there would be -- whether that would be more weighted towards the second half of 2015 or how much of that goes into 2016?
Terry Spencer: Well, yes, there is a considerable amount in the second half, but it certainly gives you considerable momentum going into 2016. So, it is going to carry you well into 2016 along with the newly completed wells and the backlog of uncompleted wells. So it is all kind of working together. Kevin, you got anything to add to that?
Kevin Burdick: No, I would just -- the one statistic that I think is very interesting to kind of describe some of the improved performance is, if you look at the numbers provided by the state from January to May, oil production when up I think it was around 10,000 barrels a day. But gas production, which was basically flat or maybe a 1% increase, gas production actually went up about 150 million cubic feet a day during that same timeframe. So that demonstrates that as oil states flat with the improved gas to oil ratios, the improved performance gas oil ratios, the improved performance, the gas volumes have continued to go up.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, that's helpful. I guess moving to West Texas LPG, your JV partner there noted some pretty big expectations in terms of increased pipeline distributions. And so were wondering, relative to your plans with that at the time of the acquisition, how are things trending? And with the recent tariff developments and your expectations for I guess returns going forward?
Terry Spencer: Well, it is going very well. With the tariff increases as well as the volume prospects that we continue to develop, weve got high expectations for the pipeline, its a great fit with our existing infrastructure, it is of course putting in this premiere basin that we wanted to be in for some time and sets ourselves for continued growth. The performance from a financial perspective is going to improve significantly with these tariff increases and as the volumes continue to be added it's going to be -- it is and it is going to continue to be a major contributor to the segment's profit.
Unidentified Analyst: So relative to your planned into time of the acquisition, would you say that's higher or?
Terry Spencer: I think the -- what our expectations when we had the acquisition we're progressing right along those expectations.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, it's helpful. And then I guess lastly from me. On the re-contracting front in terms of your percentage of proceed contracts. For 2016, would you expect any kind of lower returns from those contract negotiations or what kind of give and take do you have with producer customers in that regard. Anything there would be helpful?
Terry Spencer: Well the strategy is to enhance our returns and obviously these contracts have been affected by the lower commodity price environment and certainly at these price levels and the resulting margins it makes it difficult to realize an acceptable return. So we are not going to sacrifice return and as we continue to work with these producers and provide enhanced services and we have demonstrated that we have been able to put contracts together that make sense and get our returns to an acceptable level.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Terry Spencer: You bet.
Operator: And we will go to John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Yes, good morning everybody and congrats on a nice quarter. Just coming back to the financing questions, you have indicated you are open to alternative approaches here. So I take it that you would also include things like subordinating yields, take units, perhaps even cash injections from OKE using OKE equity. Would that be fair?
Terry Spencer: Yes, that would be fair. We continue to evaluate all of those levers. 
John Edwards: And then I am just curious on the projects that have been suspended Terry, kind of what's the thoughts behind those perhaps any color on when you think you would be able to bring those back into say execution mode?
Terry Spencer: No specific dates at this particular point in time but again we continue to assess the current market environment which is very volatile and uncertain. It is -- and we continue to assess the environment and when the environment makes sense and when the producers need that capacity certainly we will fire those projects back up, okay. Right now we are continuing to -- we are still in a wait and see mode on those suspended projects.
John Edwards: Okay and then just any thoughts regarding your plans with all the recent increases in M&A activity?
Terry Spencer: Well, our plans are going to be the same. We are going to stay organically focused to the extent of we participate in M&A from a strategic asset standpoint that is we -- when people ask me about M&A I am like okay yes we are interested in M&A particularly as it relates to strategic asset acquisitions like our West Texas pipeline in the Permian. So yes we are going to stay active and focused and look at opportunities. But at the end of that day what happens out there in the M&A arena, we dont have a whole lot of control over that. We will just keep our heads down and stay focused and continue to drive risk out this business and serve our customers.
John Edwards: Okay. Great. That's it from me. Thanks.
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Operator: Next is Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hi, thanks, so two quick ones. Just one more question on the West Texas LPG pipeline. When you acquired the asset you laid out a plan to spend a significant amount of capital over the next few years and expand the capacity of the line, obviously you have executed on increasing rate already. Has anything changed there or is that still all kind of on plan?
Sheridan Swords: Hi Michael this is Sheridan. Yes, we have been talking to quite a few producers out there that will backstop expansion. So we are progressing as planned on that and we are very hopeful hear pretty soon that we will be able to come out and announce expansion of the pipeline. So the Permian has still been resilient. We are still seeing growth and we are getting most people call on us about trying to get on this platform, as we still think with the assets that we have we can be extremely competitive versus the marketplace out there.
Michael Blum: And then just I apologize if I missed this but could you quantify the reduction in ethane rejection you saw this quarter?
Sheridan Swords: In the Bakken is about 20,000 barrels a day in June. So that's 20,000 barrels a day in June, so you can put over about 7,000 barrels a day on average for the quarter.
Operator: Well go to Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: If this already been asked, if it has just tell me to go listen to -- look at the transcripts, but on the ethane rejection, why is it occurring now? What has changed in having to add more ethane in to help the spec?
Terry Spencer: Well, Becca, I think the short answer, and I will let Sheridan follow-up, but I think the short answer is just the volume growth, significant volume growth that we kind of broke over to a point where the NGL production has gotten so big to the point where now this issue emerging is something significant.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, I would say you are exactly right. It is fundamentally that weve had end use people call us and say that the propane is off spec and we need to clean it up.
Becca Followill: So, it is just you reached a tipping point?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, thats right.
Becca Followill: And then going forward, as you continue to produce volumes and you will have to produce more ethane in order to keep it in balance, is that correct?
Sheridan Swords: It will be. We are working on a long-term plan that we can clean this up at our fractionators so that we do not have to continue to extract this ethane. But that is going to take some time to construct and get in place. But we are working, our engineers are working on a long-term solution.
Terry Spencer: And the only thing I will add is that is not done for free.
Becca Followill: So your shippers will have to pay for that?
Terry Spencer: Likely so.
Operator: And next line is Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: I just wanted to go back to the -- and I guess not to beat a dead horse. The percent of proceeds to fee based. Your fee-based rate ticked up to $0.39 from sort of the mid-30s this quarter. Is that related to your efforts to move towards more fee-based?
Terry Spencer: I think the short answer is yes.
Eric Genco: And I guess as I was looking at it last night, is the strategy then to move towards more of a fee-based cut or a hybrid contract structure where maybe if commodity prices are low you get an extra fee payment? Because your equity volumes for NGLs and for residue gas actually ticked up a bit relative to the overall production levels. And I would have thought if that was moving towards fee-based that that would have been down or flat. So, I was just curious to whether this is more of a hybrid move or whether this is a pure conversion.
Kevin Burdick: Eric, this is Kevin. It will be -- it is a combination. I mean there we talk about converting to more of a fee-based margin. There are a variety of ways that we get there. One is, like you said, is just increasing the fees and increasing the POP percentages, that kind of trade-off. There is other ways that accomplish the same thing. So our goal, like Terry has talked previously, is each of our customers is different. They are looking for different services. Those different services may require different strategies in how we go about working with them to get to the right mix of what is that. But in all the scenarios, it does result in a higher fee, but it may not, a fee-based margin, but it may not necessarily correlate to a lower equity volume.
Terry Spencer: And, Kevin, the only thing I would add to that is that when you think about our business as a whole, were keenly focused on bringing new fee-based opportunities and fee-based projects to the table. And in Phil's business segment, as we mentioned in the remarks, the Roadrunner pipeline and its OWT expansion are important. And on OWT expansion, in particular, is a good example of the additional projects that have spun off as a result of this Roadrunner project in establishing a conduit to those markets in Mexico. So well be very focused and remain very focused on fee-based opportunities and that will help bring that fee-based percentage up as we go forward.
Eric Genco: So is it fair to say then that that $0.39, at least, probably while commodity prices remain low, is probably fairly sticky at this point? And then perhaps as commodity prices recover maybe that falls back a little bit to where it should have been, but it doesn't matter because you have retained the upside in these contracts?
Terry Spencer: No, I don't think so, Eric. I think that as we continue to renegotiate that fee should go up. So, yes, I don't think that that rate is going to be driven much by or affected much by a move in commodity prices.
Eric Genco: And I had a couple other quick ones just to sort of -- some of the numbers you gave on the last quarter's conference call, and I think you repeated them, but I just want to double check. So there is about 900 drilled uncompleted wells in the Bakken right now and I think last quarter you said about 50% is on your acreage, so that is basically the same --?
Terry Spencer: That is correct, roughly 50%.
Eric Genco: And I think you said last quarter that there were 50 rigs drilling on your acreage. I was curious; did you give a number for that today?
Terry Spencer: Yes, we did.
Eric Genco: Okay, what was that? I'm sorry. I missed that.
Terry Spencer: Were in the 40 range right now.
Eric Genco: 40 range.
Terry Spencer: Yes, and again that moves up and down. But all of that has been in line with our expectations.
Eric Genco: Okay.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to that is keep in mind that these IP rates is the average initial production rates on these wells just continue skyrocket. And I was just reading some materials the other day from some of our customers or some of our producers rather, and it's really remarkable the improvement that we are seeing. So even if you see rig reductions we are seeing these increased IP rates that are more than offsetting some of those reductions.
Eric Genco: I think that's fair, I think in some of the instances we've been looking at -- some assumptions it takes about 24 days to drill well and some of these things but we are hearing some things maybe it's fallen down to almost the 16 range for some people so. I guess we would count as not the end all be all that it used to be.
Terry Spencer: Yes. 
Eric Genco: I also just wanted to ask real quick. Of the 900 drilling completed wells in the basin what you view is sort of being an equilibrium number for that? I mean there's always going to be some number of uncompleted wells and I was just curious overall for the basin what do you think is normal?
Terry Spencer: Thats a tough one to answer. I mean because especially as producers have shifted almost entirely now to kind of the multi-well pads and those stick a rig and at a spot and then drill several wells and that -- so you kind of have an artificial working inventory if you will of completed -- of uncompleted wells. I think there is some as we have talked with others in North Dakota is that 300, 400 ranges that will kind of always be there as a working inventory as long as you are at this kind of a rig count, you may be in that range. But again that can fluctuate as again as rigs move around and what, where and how they are drilling.
Eric Genco: Okay. Well, thank you very much. That's all I had.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: We will go to Andy Gupta with HITE Hedge. And it appears he does not have a question. So we will go to Matt Niblack with HITE. Please go ahead.
Matt Niblack: Hi. I just wanted to make sure I understood what you said at the beginning of the call properly that you had ample of liquidity particularly given how credit metrics are calculated by your borrowers that there is no need to issue okay equity at these FX valuations?
Terry Spencer: Well I dont know that I have said that. We have been pretty clear that we expect to continue to issue equity as we balance our credit metrics with issuing at this price.
Matt Niblack: Okay. But you said you're going at least avoid the disruptive overnight offering given the ATM program?
Terry Spencer: Well I mean we talk about the overnight markets all the time and we certainly continue to look at that option. As we said many times the ATM program has worked pretty well for us. We were able to get quite a bit done in the second quarter, so to avoid that overnight market issue but I can't wool that out for you.
Matt Niblack: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back for any additional or closing remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you. Our quite period for the third quarter starts when we close our books early October and extensive earnings are released after the market closes on November 3rd, followed by our conference call on November 4. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you very much and that does conclude our conference for today. I would like to thank everyone for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - Manager Credit and Finance Terry Spencer - President and Chief Executive Officer Derek Reiners - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Kevin Burdick - Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing Sheridan Swords - Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids, ONEOK Partners Phillip May - Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines
Analysts: Matt Niblack - HITE Capital Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Christine Cho - Barclays Capital Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies & Company Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Genco - Citi
Operator: Please stand-by, were about to begin. Good day and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and many thanks for joining today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer. Also with us are Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Wes Christensen, Senior Vice President, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; Kevin Burdick, Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Phill May, Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines. As you know, our first quarter financial results were released yesterday afternoon. For all first quarter financial information and year-over-year variants explanations please refer to our ONEOK and ONEOK Partners earnings news releases. In our remarks today, Derek will focus primarily on the sequential quarter variances. Ill focus my remarks on ONEOK and ONEOK Partners expectation to achieve its 2015 financial guidance ranges, which we reaffirmed in last nights earnings release. And I will give some insight into 2016. Before I hand the call over to Derek, I would like to reiterate that our financial guidance expectations have not changed for 2015. The first quarter was challenging, largely due to the anticipated step change in our realized commodity prices from 2014 into 2015 which significantly impacted our first quarter results. However, we do not expect first quarter results to have a material impact on our year-end projections for ONEOK or ONEOK Partners. There are still challenges and opportunities that will unfold as the year progresses. And one of our goals today is to provide insight into our expected path forward to meet our financial objectives. I will now turn the call over to Derek for a brief discussion of ONEOK Partners first quarter results compared with the fourth quarter of 2014. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thanks, Terry, and good morning. At ONEOK Partners, the natural gas gathering and processing segments first quarter 2015 operating income was down compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 primarily due to a decrease of $46 million in lower net realized NGL prices, and a decrease of $8 million due primarily to lower natural gas volumes in the Mid-Continent. We were predominantly un-hedged in the first quarter 2015, as the majority of our hedges are timed for the remaining three quarters. The natural gas liquids segments first quarter 2015 operating income was down compared to the fourth quarter 2014 primarily due to a decrease of $18 million due primarily to narrower realized NGL product price differentials and significantly narrower NGL location price differentials. A decrease of $6 million in exchange services margins, which resulted primarily from lower volumes from customers in the Mid-Continent region, caused primarily by customer freeze-offs and gas plant outages, offset partially by increased volumes from recently connected plants in the Williston Basin and lower cost associated with these services, partially offset by an increase of $7 million in transportation margins primarily from new volumes from the Permian Basin transported on the West Texas LPG pipeline system, which were lower than expected due to the impact of well freeze-offs on the system from severely cold weather in the first quarter of 2015. Operating costs increased $4 million, and depreciation and amortization increased $5 million related to the completion of growth projects and the West Texas LPG pipeline system acquisition. The natural gas pipeline segments first quarter 2015 operating income was down compared to the fourth quarter of 2014, primarily due to a decrease of $21 million from lower short-term storage services, due to milder weather-related demand and a $5 million gain on the sale of natural gas and storage in the fourth quarter 2014. In March, ONEOK Partners completed an $800 million public offering of senior notes, generating net proceeds of approximately $792 million. It increased the credit facility and commercial paper program to $2.4 billion each from $1.7 billion, and issued approximately 1.7 million units through our aftermarket equity program, generating net proceeds of $71.6 million. At March 31, we had approximately $443 million of common units available for issuance under the $650 million program. We will continue to take a balanced approach and remain disciplined on how we determine our debt and equity needs. Our investment-grade credit rating at the partnership remains very important to us. At ONEOK, $169 million in distributions were declared by ONEOK Partners in the first quarter of 2015, a 16% increase from the same period last year. Cash flow available for dividends for the first quarter was $152 million, providing 1.2 times coverage of the ONEOK dividend. We will continue to make prudent financial decisions that are in the long-term interest of ONEOK and its shareholders. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. I would now like to take this opportunity to provide visibility into our volume projections, capacity expansions, and operational execution, which we expect to enable ONEOK and ONEOK Partners to achieve its 2015 financial guidance and provide some further insight into our 2016 volume outlook. Starting with our natural gas pipelines business, with primarily fee-based revenue and long-term firm contracts we expect this segment to contribute $225 million in operating income and equity earnings in 2015. In the short-term, we will continue to provide quality transportation services to end-use markets and producers; provide short-term flexible storage and loan services to meet market needs; and grow long-term fee-based storage revenues. This segments long-term growth opportunities include continuing the expansion of our natural gas pipelines asset footprint by leveraging the Permian, Mid-Continent, and Upper Midwest platforms. Our recently announced RoadRunner Gas Transmission pipeline joint venture serving growing markets in Mexico is a great example of fee-based growth opportunities we are planning to take advantage of, as this project is expected to result in additional upstream-related capital projects at attractive returns. Additionally, we are expanding our Midwest gas transmission, or MGT, pipelines, bidirectional pipeline to increase deliveries into the Chicago markets from the Marcellus and Utica basins. Demand for capacity on this bidirectional pipeline continues to grow, and the flexibility and connectivity of MGT is key to meeting producer end-market needs. The low natural gas pricing environment and mandates related to air emission standards are providing many opportunities to generate incremental fee-based earnings as we expand our assets to meet the growing electric generation needs as coal-to-gas conversions continue. Phill and his team continue to develop the fee-based projects such as pipeline expansions and compression facilities to support these opportunities. In our natural gas gathering and processing segment, we expect $180 million in operating income and equity earnings in 2015. As we have mentioned previously, the timing of earnings for this segment is expected to be significantly weighted towards the second-half of the year, which follows the growth of our natural gas gathered and processed volumes in 2015. We expect this segment in total to reach approximately 2,080 billion Btus per day or 1,625 million cubic feet per day of natural gas gathered and 1,860 billion Btus per day, or 1,425 million cubic feet per day of natural gas processed in the fourth quarter 2015. Additionally, we expect this segments gathered volume to increase 10% in 2015 over 2014, and 16% in 2016 over 2015. This segments 2015 and 2016 natural gas gathered volume will be led by continued growth in the Williston Basin, where we expect gathered volumes to increase 39% and 27% in 2015 and 2016 respectively. Williston natural gas gathered volume in 2014 was approximately 440 million cubic feet per day, compared to current estimated volumes of approximately 570 million cubic feet per day early in the second quarter of 2015. Our confidence in these Williston Basin volume projections is driven by key operational statistics, including rig locations, new well connections, the current flared gas inventory, and additional natural gas processing in capacity. Lets discuss each of these in more detail, beginning with rigs and well connections. As expected, producers have moved rigs into the highest-return areas of the basin, where we have more than 1 million acres of dedicated production. These areas typically yield higher initial production rates per well of 800 Mcf to 1,200 Mcf per day, which is roughly two to three times greater than the wells producing from the fringe areas of the Basin. Since October, we have seen a reduction of approximately 50% of the rigs on our acreage dedications compared with approximately 60% reduction in the rest of the basin. In the first quarter 2015, we connected 300 new wells to our system compared with 200 wells in the fourth quarter 2014. And we expect to connect more than 700 new wells to our system in 2015, which was the assumption used in developing our volume guidance. This will provide approximately 160 million cubic feet per day of new natural gas production dedicated to us in 2015. And with approximately 50 rigs continuing to drill on our acreage we expect more than 600 new well connects in 2016 given the high horsepower rig efficiencies and pad drilling approach. These wells are expected to provide an additional 140 million cubic feet per day of new natural gas dedicated to us in 2016. Moving on to flare gas, even gas capture percentage is increasing in the basin, there are still approximately 150 million cubic feet per day of gas flaring from wells dedicated to the partnership. It is important that I note that we are already connected to the majority of wells that are currently flaring, but still compression constraints are limiting our ability to capture the gas. To alleviate these constraints, we are constructing 6 new compressor stations in 2015 with a total of nearly 77,000 horsepower, which will add an additional 300 million cubic feet per day of gathering capacity to our system. This compression will deliver volumes from flare gas and new well connects to fill our plants at approximately 685 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter of 2015. The compression infrastructure will also provide incremental volumes by the second quarter of 2016 of approximately 100 million cubic feet per day, to our Lonesome Creek plant, which is expected to be complete by the end of 2015, boosting our total Williston Basin processing capacity to nearly 900 million cubic feet per day. Our 80 million cubic feet per day, Bear Creek facility expected to be complete in the third quarter 2016, is expected to capture approximately 40 million cubic per day of natural gas, that is expected to be flaring in Dunn County. By the end of 2016, we expect our approximately 980 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity in the Williston Basin to be more than 80% utilized. Moving on to the increased well inventory in the Williston, supporting our well connect expectations in 2015 and 2016, there are now more than 900 uncompleted wells in the basin. This increased inventory is largely due to multi-well pad drilling, where producers typically dont complete the wells until after the last well is drilled. And, in some cases, producers manage well completions to ensure they meet the NDIC gas capture targets. Of the total basin inventory, we estimate approximately one-half of the uncompleted wells are on our acreage dedications. So there is a healthy inventory of wells available to us to connect once they are completed. And of those that are completed, we continue to see 20% to 30% improvements in well performance on average, compared with a year ago as a result of continuing improvements in completion techniques. Also the large producers are managing to their own growth guidance expectations. Indications are that they will manage the completion of wells and inventory to accomplish their production growth objectives. With the improved well performance, rigs drilling in the most economic areas, well inventory, and the inventory of flared gas, we are confident in our 2015 volumes and well have significant momentum going into 2016. Moving to the Mid-Continent, we expect volumes to decline due to a key producer drilling wells in the first half of the year and completing them in the second half of the year. We expect Mid-Continent natural gas gathered volume to reach approximately 1,050 billion Btus per day or 900 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter 2015 and increased 6% in 2016 over 2015. Current Mid-Continent natural gas gathered volumes are estimated to be in the range of 840 million cubic feet per day early in the second quarter of 2015. And finally, to help you dial in the NGL composite price, our equity barrel that ties to our guided NGL composite price of $0.54 per gallon consists of 13% ethane, 58% propane, 7% isobutene, 21% normal butane, and 1% natural gasoline. This is the estimated average equity barrel for 2015. In our natural gas liquids segment, we expect $864 million in operating income and equity earnings in 2015. We expect to reach approximately 820,000 barrels per day of NGLs gathered 550,000 barrels per day of NGLs fractionated during the fourth quarter of 2015. We do expect to be under our NGL gathered volume guidance of 830,000 barrels per day for the year, mainly due to lower low-margin, short-haul volumes on our West Texas LPG pipeline system. Being under our full-year NGL gathered volume guidance is not expected to materially impact our financial guidance for this segment. As we said before, not all barrels are created equally. For example, in the fourth quarter 2014, the average NGL gathered volume on the Bakken NGL pipeline was approximately 50,000 barrels per. In April 2015, we reached over 70,000 barrels per day, and we expect to reach nearly 85,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter 2015. Our bundled service average rate on the Bakken NGL pipeline is more than $0.30 per gallon. In the fourth quarter 2014, the average NGL gathered volume in the Mid-Continent was approximately 470,000 barrels per day. We expect the Mid-Continent NGL gathered volume to reach 480,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2015. Our average bundled service transportation and frac rate on the Mid-Continent volume is nearly $0.09 per gallon. And in the first quarter 2015, the average NGL volume gathered on the West Texas pipeline system was approximately 220,000 barrels per day. In April 2015, we reached nearly 245,000 barrels per day, and we expect to reach nearly 260,000 barrels per day on the West Texas pipeline system in the fourth quarter of 2015. Our average transportation rate on the system is less than $0.03per gallon. This week, we reached a significant milestone related to the West Texas LPG pipeline system, as we completed the transition of operation to ONEOK Partners from Chevron. We remain excited about the opportunities these assets offer and our increased NGL presence in the Permian Basin. Since closing on the assets in late November, we had held many conversations with customers regarding their expected future - current and future volumes, capacity availability, and the partnerships willingness to expand. As we enhance the services offered to our customers and integrate these assets into our system, we expect to remain a competitively value transportation provider as we bring tariff rates in line with market rates. Our expectations for the performance of these assets has not changed, as we target to reach an expected six to eight times adjusted EBITDA multiple between 2017 and 2020. Potentially or rather additionally, potential margins realized downstream from fee-based fractionation and storage services at our Mont Belvieu facilities could further enhance these multiples. As you can see, our highest-margin NGL barrel comes from the Bakken, but we have a significant base of NGL-gathered volume coming from the Mid-Continent and West Texas LPG pipeline assets. We are connected to 17 of our own natural gas processing plants and are connected to more than 160 third-party plants throughout our system. Additionally, we connected four new third-party natural gas processing plants in late first quarter of this year, one each in the Williston and Powder River Basins, and two in the Mid-Continent. Two third-party plants were connected in April, and we expect to connect Lonesome Creek at the end of 2015. Similar to the gathering and processing segment, our volume ramp is weighted towards the second half of the year. Moving on to our fractionation volume, in the fourth quarter 2014, the average NGL fractionated volume was approximately 542,000 barrels per, which includes over 15,000 barrels per day of short-term spot barrels. As a reminder, spot barrel volume opportunities are excluded from our guidance. In April 2015, we fractionated over 530,000 barrels per day and we expect to reach 550,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2015. Including our contracted minimum volume commitments, we expect our fractionated volume to effectively reach 610,000 barrels per day. If you consider the impact of ethane rejection on our fractionation volume, our fractionators are highly utilized. To wrap up, while the first quarter was challenging mainly due to lower commodity prices and NGL differentials based upon the volume outlook we just described in detail, we are maintaining our 2015 financial guidance ranges at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. An inventory of natural gas remains to be captured in the Williston Basin in the form of flared gas, uncompleted wells, and capacity constraints. I have addressed how we expect to capture it. Since the first quarter, weve already seen an increase in volumes on our Bakken NGL pipeline, our highest-margin NGL barrel, and our fractionation utilization is nearly full. And our natural gas pipeline segment continues to provide stable earnings with primarily fee-based revenue and long-term firm contracts. While we have devoted a significant portion of this call around our Williston Basin assets, were not just about the Williston. We continue to develop and execute on our strategies to expand and enhance our position across our entire footprint, including new strategic projects and partnerships. A great example of our recently announced, excuse me, a great example is our recently announced RoadRunner gas transmission pipeline joint venture. This strategic pipeline will enhance our already extensive 36,000-mile integrated network of natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, and we expect it will create a platform for future cross-border development opportunities. This is just one example of how even through industry challenges, we are looking ahead to long-term projects that make sense for our company in any environment. So while there are still challenges ahead for our industry, we see many opportunities as well. We continue to remain focused on making prudent financial decisions and creating value for our shareholders. And finally, I would like to thank our many dedicated employees for your hard work and commitment to our companies and for all that you do every day behind the scenes to provide reliable services to our customers, and, in particular, for conducting our business in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. Operator, now we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Matt Niblack with HITE Capital.
Matt Niblack: Thank you, and congratulations on continuing to maneuver through a tough environment here. Just one thought, given the sharp decline in your equity price here, which might view really as a trough evaluation and one that will hopefully improve over time as you see some of the benefits of capturing some of those flared volumes and some of the completions that require you to some of the mandatory regulations of their North Dakota. Do you have the flexibility to put off equity offerings both overnight and in your ATM until, at least, the second-half of the year in order to hopefully see some of those reflected in your business and then transparently your equity price?
Terry Spencer: Yes, Matt, I think, thats a good question, and its certainly something we have to balance. Weve got stakeholders kind of on both sides of this with debt holders. We mentioned that our investment-grade credit rating is very important to us. Obviously that helps us fuel or finance the growth that weve got ahead. But we do have to balance the equity, and we have some flexibility, but we have said many times that our targets are to be 50-50. And so we do expect issue equity along the way.
Matt Niblack: Okay.
Derek Reiners: Yes, Matt, the only thing I would add to is, and we have said this in the past that it is likely that in 2015, we will be issuing some equity, we just havent provided specific timing on that.
Matt Niblack: Okay. And then turning back to North Dakota, so how impactful is this regulation that they have in the state that you need to complete wells within 12 months of drilling them? Is that really going to create an uptick in the volumes coming out of the Bakken, at least, temporarily and consequently onto your system, or do you see that as less meaningful?
Terry Spencer: Yes, Matt, Ill let Kevin Burdick take that.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Matt, we - the way we view that is we talk our producers. Yes, there is that year requirement where they complete the wells from when they drill it. There is an extension process, though, that is relatively easy to get from the standpoint. So we have had some producers say, yes, they will complete within a year, but then others, if they do need to get an extension, they can do that.
Matt Niblack: So overall, the magnitude of that phenomenon though, do you see that as significant or not that significant?
Kevin Burdick: No, we - I dont - we dont see that as significant when we - as we look at our volume forecast over 2015.
Matt Niblack: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well take our next question from Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
Ross Payne: How are you doing, guys?
Terry Spencer: Good, Ross. How are you?
Ross Payne: Good. Good. Currently, you guys are mid-triple by Moodys or on negative outlook. But given your CT paper program and what have you, do you - is it your objective to keep that particular rating? S&P has you at BBB-, but is it important for you to keep the mid-triple by Moodys?
Derek Reiners: Yes, Ross, this is Derek. And I think both Moodys and S&P have us at a stable outlook at the moment. Mid-BBB is where we would like to stay. Weve done some things - obviously, we scaled back capital spending and reduced our distribution growth rate in February, we announced that. So weve clearly indicated that we expect to continue to issue some equity along the way to support these investments. So we think all those things are supportive of the credit rating and hopeful that that will allow us to build through this. We see significant volume increase in the back-half of 2015, which we expect will drive our earnings higher and help reduce that leverage as well. So from our point of view, its a relatively short-term stretch here, and we think that we get back on top of it later this year.
Ross Payne: Okay. Thank you. And yes, it is stable, my apologies on the mistake in that. And then finally, kind of follow-up to the earlier question, given the extension capabilities by producers, how are they thinking about doing extensions? What pushes them to do that in a low price environment, and how do you gain comfort that they wont overuse that extension to potentially hurt you meeting your volume objectives? Thanks.
Derek Reiners: Well, Ross, again, thats just the capability they have. In our discussions with producers, theres not a lot of them that are delaying completions due to price. The primary reason that we believe that the backlog is growing as it is like Terry referenced the multi-well pads and waiting until the summer as costs go down as they can drive costs out in their completion process. So, again, we dont necessarily see that that extension process or that year-long timeframe where they can drill the - or complete the wells is material as we look at our volumes.
Ross Payne: Okay, great. Thats very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Derek Reiners: Thanks, Ross.
Terry Spencer: Well take our next question from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Hi, everyone. Thanks for all the color.
Terry Spencer: Hi, Christine.
Christine Cho: You guys gave a lot of numbers and I tried to jot everything down. But when we think about the sequential volume decline in the NGL segment, can you give us an idea of how much came from your equity volumes versus third parties and how much came from Voss Bakken versus Mid-Con? Then going forward between now and the 4Q 2015 number exit rate that you gave us, when we think about the growth of the volumes in the second-half of this year for the NGL segment, whether its through well connect or just capturing the gas thats being flared, can you break down maybe percentagewise how much of its coming from the Bakken versus Mid-Continent/Rockies?
Terry Spencer: Christine, Im going to let Sheridan take a crack at that.
Sheridan Swords: Your first question on equity volumes that we have is actually from fourth quarter to first quarter, the volumes that we received from our affiliate GMP processing plants was flat. We were up in the Bakken quarter-over-quarter, but we were down in the Mid-Continent. A lot of in the first quarter, the sub-sequential change in the first quarter on our legacy volumes - on gathering, our legacy volumes were down quarter-over-quarter. But that was mostly in the Mid-Continent and mostly due to freeze-offs and we had some plants that went into some deeper ethane rejection. As we said and as Terry said earlier, as we look forward, going from now into the fourth quarter, today the Bakken pipeline is moving over 70,000 barrels a day and we expect that to ramp up through the rest of the year to get to 85,000 barrels a day coming out of that. The Mid-Continent is averaging - which is I would take - thats everything besides the Bakken and the West Texas pipeline. The Mid-Continent is averaging about 457,000 barrels a day, and it will go up to 482,000 barrels a day by the end of the year. And in the West Texas pipeline, we think well be around 260,000 barrels a day by the end of the year, and we were at - in April, we reached over 240,000 barrels a day on that pipeline.
Christine Cho: I see. So when I look at kind of I guess like percentage increases in each of the three areas, the biggest year-over-year or - Im sorry, the biggest increases - percentage increases are coming from the Bakken, which is where you are collecting more feed?
Sheridan Swords: Thats correct.
Christine Cho: Okay. And then I guess last quarter, Terry, you had told us, you were still assuming 15% of your NGL margins to come from optimization, isomerization, and marketing. Those margins were down big over the prior-year period, which was to be expected. However, I remember in the middle of 2013, you guys telling me that you were expecting propane supplies to be tight and speculating propane with our premium and Conway relative to Bellevue months before it happened. And so it seems like you guys had great line of sight into that. Is there anything you are seeing for the rest of this year to make you feel good about your expectations for guidance on spread-based margins this year, or am I pressing my luck, because disclosing it would give away your competitive advantage?
Terry Spencer: Well, okay, Christine. We are seeing spreads widen as we speak, so we are seeing a pretty good trend here getting established over the last couple of months. We are watching the supply inventory in Conway, particularly for propane. And propane is building quickly there, and obviously, we are at historically high levels. And we are seeing demand for propane continued to be robust down on the export side down on the Gulf Coast. So thats all contributing to wider spreads. So I dont know how magical that visibility is, but a lot of that information is readily available. But its telling us that spreads are going to go wider. So we do have a view for the balance of the year that we could see propane spreads in that $0.07 to $0.10 of gallon range, which is significantly wider than what weve seen in the last couple of quarters.
Christine Cho: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Sheridan, do you have anything to add to that?
Sheridan Swords: No, thats exactly right. I mean, as you can see, Conway is - its not only we are increasing inventory up there, but you see our numbers, our production and propane in the Mid-Continent will also increase, as we go forward throughout the year.
Christine Cho: Okay. I guess also lastly, can you give us an estimate of what the impact of well freeze-offs were from the Permian Basin as well as your other service territories during the quarter?
Sheridan Swords: Yes, in the Permian Basin there was quite a bit of time that we had 40,000 to 60,000 barrels a day off our system. In the Mid-Continent, we probably had 20,000 to 30,000 barrels a day for extended periods of time throughout the first quarter due to the well freeze-offs.
Christine Cho: Im sorry, one more question. Can you give some more color on these changes in your contract mix in the G&P segment? And should we expect to see more that going forward?
Kevin Burdick: Yes, weve been - Christine, this is Kevin. We have been pretty open about trying to shift over time some of our commodity exposure to fee-based. In our conversations with our producers, weve been working that hard as contracts come up for renewal. And, yes, I would expect to see that trend continue.
Christine Cho: Okay. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Christine, the only thing I would add to that is that weve had some considerable success in restructuring these contracts to more of a fee-based component that is reducing the commodity-sensitive sharing part of the contract and expanding on the fee-based. But were also providing added services and flexibility and additional features to those contracts to benefit the customer. So they have been pretty well received. Its probably not going to be a one size fits all. They all have little - each contract has little nuances and differences depending upon the specific needs of the producer. So weve had some good success and expect to continue to have success as we go forward.
Christine Cho: Great. Thank you so much for the color.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from Craig Shere with Tuohy.
Craig Shere: Good morning. Thank you, Terry, so much for that incredibly detailed guidance.
Terry Spencer: Glad, you appreciate it, Craig. We did it just for you.
Craig Shere: Well, apparently, the markets dont appreciate it enough, you rallied off the low today on ONEOK even now you are back down 6.5% I guess people just dont get it.
Terry Spencer: Yes, hopefully theyll digest it and feel better, actually digest it.
Craig Shere: Well, on that note picking up a little on Matts question about the equity performance, given the well-supported outlook. I believe in the last quarterly call you expressed, Terry, that you were keeping minds open about the use of excess cash at the C Corp. level for M&A, future dividends, and share repurchases, and possible OKS support. In light of the equity performance, in light of the need to issue some more equity down the road this year at OKS, are you leaning at all towards OKE share buybacks or just directly supporting OKS from the parent?
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly, Craig, we look at all those things. And what you just mentioned are a number of great levers that we can pull if we feel like we need to. The fact of the matter is this low-coverage environment is not an environment that we expect to persist long-term. So as we have provided plenty of color on this call and how we expect our volumes to increase and our margins to improve and coverages to get better, we expect to grow out of this weak coverage environment. So we are able to do what we need to do at OKS in the immediate future. So really no need for OKE to step in and provide some support at this point in time, although we look at it. Our individual boards - our boards at OKS and our boards at OKE look at their needs separately and make their determinations. And right now, what were doing at OKE with our cash, retaining excess cash in this very uncertain environment, we think is prudent and it makes good sense.
Craig Shere: You know, often when people talk about parent support, they are talking about IDR forgiveness. I was thinking more along the lines of using your cash to buy the equity rather than selling it to the market.
Derek Reiners: Yes, and we do look at that, and have, and continue to.
Craig Shere: Okay. And one more question. Look if any of us knew where commodity prices would be in six months, none of us would have to work for a living. So obviously hedging is a problematic effort at best and just a method of smoothing things out. Can you kind of update around your targets and the drivers behind hedging, given the fact you kind of entered this year a little bit under-hedged and weve already started hedging out into 2016?
Terry Spencer: Yes. Sure, Craig. We have some guidelines that we go by, obviously. Wed like to be at least 75% hedged for a particular year. And in the past, the strategy that weve employed was pretty much holding off doing that hedging until we got into the winter season where we could typically find higher prices to hedge. And clearly, that strategy this past year didnt work very well. And so as we go forward, we think its prudent - regardless of what our point of view on pricing may be, its prudent to take some of this risk off the table. In particular for 2016, we are already pretty well hedged for 2015. But in particular for 2016, we think its prudent to systematically take some off as we go forward. Did that help you?
Craig Shere: That certainly does. I mean, its worked in prior years, as you say, but no strategy works forever. So I appreciate the feedback.
Terry Spencer: Candidly, theres still downside in commodity prices.
Craig Shere: You think from this point with prompt oil at $60 and oil next year like $65-ish that we could take another dive?
Terry Spencer: Craig, nothing surprises me in terms of what commodity prices could or couldnt do.
Craig Shere: All right. Well, its a good thing you have a lot of organic known growth with flared gas backing out.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Weve got a unique situation up there in the Williston, and we are working hard to take care of our customers.
Craig Shere: Thank you.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hey, Terry. How are you?
Terry Spencer: Hey, Chris. How are you?
Chris Sighinolfi: Im well. I just wanted to follow up - maybe this is a question for Sheridan but I really appreciate you sort of detailing the NGL barrel composition the way you did. I was just curious to know if I look at that relative to what the EIA might have reported lets say year-to-date for pad 2, for example, where a lot of your assets are located. Its quite a bit different, particularly as I think about ethane and then C5+. And so Im just wondering, ethane rejection aside, if your barrel would have always reflected this type of composition, or has something changed? And then, as it relates to that, is there anything that you guys see on a go forward outside of ethane rejection that would materially change the composition as you described it?
Terry Spencer: I will make a couple comments, and then Kevin can chime in here. Obviously with a 50% plus propane percentage, that barrel excludes a lot of ethane. The C5 component down to about 1% by inspection would seem very low. And thats driven in part by the fact that weve got a lot of condensate that falls out in our system. So a lot of that C5 winds up falling out of the NGL barrel we recovered in our pipeline system, recovered in our atmosphere tankage across our entire gathering systems, and sell those barrels primarily by truck sales. So thats why you get that strange looking breakdown and why in the past its probably been challenging for you and others to calculate that composite because it doesnt look exactly the same as what the EIA puts out. Kevin, do you have anything else to add to that? Yes. That help Chris?
Chris Sighinolfi: Yes - no, it does. So we are seeing when you report the separate condensate figure, thats effectively capturing the heavy end of your barrel in part.
Terry Spencer: Exactly. And I dont think weve had a single contributor to a change in any past molecular breakdown. I think it stayed fairly consistent. If you normalize for the condensate, you normalize for the ethane rejection, I think our core volumes have stayed fairly constant. And you guys, correct me if Im wrong.
Sheridan Swords: No, I think thats right.
Terry Spencer: Okay.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Thats really helpful, Terry. And then I guess as it relates to the barrel and pricing expectations, as we think about your hedge profile for the balance of the year, can we think about that as being somewhat equally distributed over the three remaining quarters, or is there something from a mix shift that would weight it more heavily towards the back end - realizing that your volumetric projection is a contangoed ramp into the end of the year?
Terry Spencer: Actually, I think, Chris, it actually ramps up as you move through the last three quarters. Okay, so you will have increasing hedged positions as move throughout the balance of the year.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, great. Thanks for the added color. Appreciate it.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Hi, good morning, guys.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Blum: Just a couple of quick questions. One, where are you seeing ethane rejection these days? I guess both - either your number, or if you have a stab at what industry looks like. Has that changed at all?
Terry Spencer: It has, actually. Weve seen ethane rejection volumes in the first quarter. We were about 160,000, 165,000 barrels a day. And today, as we speak in April, if we took a snapshot, wed see about 190,000 barrels per day. So we have seen it increase though.
Michael Blum: And is that in any particular region?
Terry Spencer: Primarily, it would be Mid-Continent and West Texas. I mean - Sheridan, you got anything? Go ahead and add something.
Sheridan Swords: My point is across our system. I mean obviously, the Bakken has been up forever, and the Mid-Continent, we still - weve seen a little bit more plants going to ethane rejection there that werent in last year. And also another increase - the reason that we are increasing from the 165,000, you said this first quarter to 190,000, its also because we have more volume on as well. More volume coming on, and that volume is coming on - it doesnt have any ethane in it.
Michael Blum: Got it. That makes sense. And then just on your earlier comments on the MGT pipeline and the bidirectional service youre offering, can you just talk a little bit about that in terms of what type of capacity you have to offer. Is that signed up? And what sort of capital is associated with that?
Terry Spencer: Sure, I would go let Phill May take that question.
Phillip May: Sure, Michael. Yes, MGT is in the upper Midwest, and the facility connects with the Chicago hub, and it is bidirectional. You have 600 million a day going south and then 500 million a day going north. The facility has been very strategic for some of the Utica and Marcellus producers to access movement of their molecules into Chicago via some of the other pipelines that interconnect with MGT. We are looking at a couple of expansions. One is announced that will move 125 million a day into Chicago from the Rockies express interconnect, and that is under construction currently. And we are also evaluating additional expansions and visiting with the same producer community in the Utica and Marcellus to access more capacity on that facility.
Michael Blum: Got it. Thank you very much, guys.
Terry Spencer: You bet. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Well take our next question from Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric Genco: Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Eric Genco: Just a quick I guess clarification question. I appreciate all the help youve kind of given us on the NGL barrel and trying to get to the realize prices. I was curious as to what assumptions we should make in terms of transportation or basis on top of sort of whatever we have for the barrel components. Because it looked to me - and maybe I need to go back and look at the numbers as you kind of given some new numbers on NGL barrel composition that the unhedged barrel should have been around $0.60 last quarter assuming no basis. And Im trying to figure out maybe theres about $0.20 of basis in there. Is that correct? Because I guess the Bakken NGL pipeline has gone from being maybe about $0.21 to $0.13 depending on how you look at it per gallon. And then I guess you would add Oberland Pass in there, about $0.05 per gallon, for the Bakken NGL - I guess the Bakken volumes. Is that a fair way to look at it? And what kind of help could you give us there?
Terry Spencer: Eric, Im not sure that it is. Im not sure that I followed all of those - you put all those pieces together. Kevin, you got a comment?
Kevin Burdick: Well, I mean, the concept of getting to the TNF is correct. But, again, Im like Terry, Im not sure Im following your tracking the individual components youre looking at there.
Eric Genco: Well, maybe if we step back, is there a way to give us a sense based on the way you think the volumes come in to certain percent from the Bakken, a certain percent from the Mid-Con, what type of basis would you take out of there?
Terry Spencer: Well, actually, I think - from a NGL perspective, Eric, we provided some transparency in my remarks, and that will help you a lot in terms of that basis. And we provided specific transportation and fractionation rates from the Bakken, from the Mid-Continent, and West Texas. That can help you allocate that basis, if you will, back to the NGL barrel.
Eric Genco: Okay, Ill take a look at that and come back to you if I have questions. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: You bet.
Operator: Well take our next question from Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
Ross Payne: Yes, just a quick follow-up question. Propane prices obviously have been fairly depressed in here. I just wanted to know if you guys had any thoughts on what might drive that north alongside with what were seeing with the crude. Thanks.
Sheridan Swords: I think, obviously, we need some more increased demand, and we see that coming on later this year as more export capacity is brought online. That will help lift that up. Also if it goes too much deeper, we think theres probably some more that the crackers could consume if propane prices go a little bit lower than they are today. So theyre consuming a lot today, but they consume a little bit more. So thats why we think that it will ramp up. We will see a little bit of strength in propane, but it will be later this year.
Ross Payne: Okay, and finally on your hedges, you are obviously doing a decent amount given a substantial portion of the barrel is propane for you guys. Is that fair to say?
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Ross Payne: Great. Okay, thank you.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Ross.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you for joining us. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends into earnings are released after the market closes on August 4, followed by our conference call on August 5. We will provide details on the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste - IR Terry Spencer - President and CEO Derek Reiners - CFO Rob Martinovich - EVP and Chief Administrative Officer Wes Christensen - SVP of Operations Sheridan Swords - SVP of Natural Gas Liquids Kevin Burdick - VP of Natural Gas Gathering and Processing
Analysts: Timm Schneider - Evercore ISI Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Christine Cho - Barclays Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs. Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets Jeremy Tonet - J.P. Morgan Andy Gupta - HITE Hedge
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year End 2014 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners fourth quarter and year end 2014 earnings call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning, and many thanks for joining us today and for your continued interest in investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer. Also with us and available to answer your questions are Rob Martinovich, who is recently appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, responsible for Human Resources, Corporate Services, and Information Technology. During his years with the company, Rob has served in a number of key leadership roles, and without exception performed at a high level. Once again, Rob will step in to provide needed leadership in another important role for our company. I along with our employees will continue to rely upon his deep industry experience and leadership in his new role. Also on the call is Wes Christensen, our Senior Vice President of Operations; Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids; and Kevin Burdick, Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing. On this morning's call, Derek will start with a review of our 2014 financial results, and then I will elaborate on our 2015 outlook and discuss ONEOK and ONEOK Partners revised financial guidance. Before I hand the call over to Derek, I would like to discuss ONEOK and ONEOK Partners accomplishments in 2014, and more importantly, review our 2015 outlook and financial guidance. At ONEOK Partners, our 36,000 mile integrated natural gas and natural gas liquids pipeline network generated record EBITDA of 1.56 billion in 2014, which is a result of completing a significant number of capital growth projects and acquisitions since 2006. Additionally, all three of our segments experienced double-digit operating income growth compared with 2013. Our most recent fourth quarter 2014 distribution declared represents a 98% increase since April 2006 when ONEOK became the sole general partner of ONEOK Partners. Since that time, our industry has experienced a wide range of market conditions, both headwinds and tailwinds. And regardless of the conditions the partnership is facing, we continue to believe it's in the partnerships and our unitholders' best interest to manage responsibly every dollar that comes in and goes out of the business. As we leave 2014, I believe the partnership with its significant platform of fee-based business in growing basins and major market areas is well positioned to weather the current uncertain commodity price environment. At ONEOK, we successfully completed the separation of our natural gas distribution assets and became a pure-play general partner and provided ONEOK Partners management and resources to execute on its growth strategies. In April 2014, the Board approved a 40% dividend increase, clearly demonstrating the benefit of becoming a pure-play general partner. We remain committed to paying out the majority of our cash in the form of dividends, but we also intend to continue making prudent financial decisions that are in the long-term interest of ONEOK and its shareholders. Derek now will review ONEOK'S and ONEOK Partners financial highlights. Derek?
Derek Reiners: Thanks, Terry, and good morning. Fourth quarter 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $95 million or $0.45 per diluted share. 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately -- I'm sorry, 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $314 million or $1.49 per diluted share, which includes a loss of $5.6 million or $0.03 per diluted share from discontinued operations. ONEOK continues to benefit from its pure-play general partnership strategy with $2633 million in distributions declared by ONEOK Partners in 2014, a 16% increase from the same period last year. Cash flow available for dividends for the fourth quarter was $142 million, providing 1.13 times coverage of the ONEOK dividend. 2014 cash flow available for dividends was $621 million providing 1.28 times coverage. ONEOK increased its quarterly 2014 dividend for the fourth quarter 2014 by $1.5 per share to $60.05 per share, 51% higher than the fourth quarter of 2013. Moving onto ONEOK Partners, fourth quarter net income attributable to ONEOK Partners was approximately $263 million or $0.67 per unit. A full year 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK Partners was $910 million or $2.33 per unit. As Terry mentioned, all three of our business segments experienced significant operating income growth in 2014 compared with 2013. Operating increased in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment by nearly 40%, benefiting from higher natural gas gathering and processing volumes. Natural Gas Liquids increased 26%, benefiting from higher margin NGL volumes from new natural gas processing plant connections, and natural gas pipelines increased 19%, benefiting from increased natural gas volumes transported. Distributable cash flow was $306 million for the fourth quarter, providing coverage of 1.06 times, and approximately $1.17 billion for the full year, an increase of 23%, providing coverage of 1.10 times. The Partnership's fourth quarter distribution increased to $0.79 per unit, an increase of approximately 8% from the fourth quarter of 2013. In the fourth quarter, approximately 3.5 million units were issued through our at-the-market equity program, generating net proceeds of $157 million. For the year, approximately 21.8 million common units were issued generating net proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion, including approximately 7.9 million units issued though the at-the-market program. The Partnership has a strong balance sheet and we're increasing our liquidity and financial flexibility, as we notified our lenders of our intent to exercise the option to increase the size of the Partnership's revolving credit facility to $2.4 billion from $1.7 billion, pending lenders' approval which we expect to finalize in the next few weeks. At the end of 2014, the Partnership had $1.1 billion of commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings outstanding on our credit facility; total debt to capitalization ratio of 54%, and a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.7 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility. As discussed in yesterday's earnings release, we significantly reduced our debt and equity financing needs in 2015 by reducing planned capital expenditures to approximately $1.2 billion from our previous estimate of $2.8 billion. Terry will provide more color in a moment, but this reduction in capital expenditure reflects slower production growth outlook by our producer customers than originally planned. We expect to continue financing our capital expenditures with debt and equity through the use of our at-the-market equity program overnight equity offerings, long and short-term debt, while targeting a 50-50 debt-to-equity capital structure over the long-term. These multiple sources of liquidity enable us to be prudent and opportunistic from a timing perspective as we look to access the equity and debt markets. We continue to remain confident in our ability to raise the necessary capital to fund the capital needs of ONEOK Partners. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Derek. That's a good set-up to begin discussing our 2015 outlook and guidance. Our previous 2015 financial forecast and guidance was developed in November, leading into our investor conference in early December. Since then, natural gas liquids prices are lower by nearly 40%, natural gas is down 13%, and crude oil was down nearly 38%. This reduced commodity price environment has significantly impacted our producer customers' 2015 capital expenditure programs and has created less clarity into 2016 and beyond. Additionally, the lower natural gas and natural gas liquids prices have impacted the partnership. Accordingly, we have lowered our ONEOK Partners 2015 adjusted EBITDA guidance approximately 14% to a range of $1.15 billion to $1.73 billion. Our updated 2015 financial guidance is based on a $0.54 per gallon NGL composite price, a $3.50 per MMBtu for natural gas, and $50 per barrel for WTI crude oil. We expect ONEOK Partners earnings to grow significantly in the second half of the year relative to the first half, due to continued volume growth in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquid segments. A significant ramp up in natural gas gathered volumes across our systems is expected to occur, especially in the Williston Basin as we connect additional wells and complete field compression projects, and in the Mid Continent as a key Oklahoma producer drills wells in the first half of the year and completes those wells in the second half of the year. We also revised our expected partnership distribution growth rate to 3%, to 5%, or a range of $3.16 per unit to $3.22 per unit in 2015 from the previous 8% with an expected coverage ratio of 0.87 to 0.97 times in 2015. Although the partnership has slowed the expected distribution growth rate in 2015 to reflect the current market conditions, we will continue to closely monitor market conditions and our operating performance and reevaluate our distribution growth outlook each quarter. Additionally, while our prospects for volume growth continue to look favorable, due to the current uncertain commodity price environment, we will not be providing financial forecasts beyond 2015. While we continue to have a long-term view and perspective, we believe it's prudent to shorten our time horizon and communicate our financial forecast distributions and guidance only for the current year until stability returns to the commodity markets. We will discuss our longer term thoughts on volumes in a moment. Our track record of disciplined growth continues, and we are adjusting our capital spending to reflect our producer customers' needs and their reduced volume growth expectations. We've suspended our Demicks Lake, Bronco, and Knox natural gas processing plants in the Williston Basin in North Dakota, Powder River Basin in Wyoming, and the Mid Continent region of Oklahoma respectively. We expect no more spending on these capital growth projects until market conditions improve. And when they do, we will quickly re-establish completion dates. As a reminder, all three of those plants were originally scheduled to be completed at the end of 2016. Our completed growth projects and our capital projects in progress will allow us to meet the current growth expectations of our producer customers in the basins where we operate, and continue to ride us with growth opportunities. In the Williston, as we outlined at our Investor Day, our producer customers are focusing their drilling in their most economic areas. In addition, December production statistics showed statewide flaring with approximately 360 million cubic feet per day, and there was an estimated 750 wells waiting on completion services. We expect 2015 Williston Basin natural gas gathered volumes to increase 39% over 2014, only 3% lower than our pervious expectation. In the Williston Basin, we have 3 million acres dedicated to us with approximately 1 million acres in Northeast McKenzie, North Dunn and Southern Williams counties, which are considered core areas for many producers in the Williston. We expect to complete our 200 million cubic feet per day, Lonesome Creek processing plant and the additional fuel compression needed to take advantage of increased processing capacity at our Stateline I and II plants and the Garden Creek I, II and III plants in the fourth quarter of 2015. This additional 300 million cubic feet per day in processing capacity is expected to help meet the flaring targets of 23% by January 1, 2015, and 15% by January 1, 2016. The Powder River Basin is a more challenged basin in this lower commodity price environment, but some of our producers are incentivized to drill to avoid losing their leases. While the Powder River Basin development is in the early stages and not currently providing significant natural gas or natural gas liquid volumes to our systems, we remain excited about the potential of this integrated opportunity. Similar to the Bakken producers in the Mid Continent are concentrating their drilling in their most economic acreage. We expect natural gas gathered volumes to be down approximately 4% in 2015 compared with our previous volume guidance with well completions weighted more heavily toward the back half of the year. Producers are concentrating drilling in the best performing areas of the Cana-Woodford, Stack, and SCOOP plays. Additionally, improved well performance and better well completion results are positively impacting producer drilling economic. Now, for our longer term thoughts on volume; in the Williston, based on dialog we are having with our producers we're expecting natural gas gathered volume growth of 27% in 2016 over 2015. For the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment, we expect natural gas gathered volume growth of 16% in 2016 over 2015. Now, for a quick update on our recently acquired West Texas LPG pipeline system; while it has only been a few months since we closed the acquisition, we are making progress with our shipper customers in the development of future system expansions. As a reminder, this pipeline was essentially full when it was acquired. Based upon discussions with our shipper customers, our expectations have not changed to reach a six to eight times EBITDA multiple between 2017 and 2020. Now, a brief outlook on the NGL market; the current ethane rejection by natural gas processing plants connected to our NGL system is approximately 155,000 barrels per day. Current ethane demand is nearly 1.1 million barrels per day, and is expected to push ethane inventories lower through June. The Conway-to-Mont Belvieu location price differentials per ethane is under $0.02 per gallon in favor of Mont Belvieu, and we expect these narrow differentials to continue for the rest of this year. Propane exports are steady and we are seeing more propane buying in Conway for winter demand. As a result, we expect propane location price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu to be in the minus $0.02 per gallon to plus $0.06 per gallon range for the remainder of 2015. At ONEOK, we revised our expected dividend growth rate to 4% to 8% in 2015 or $2.42 per share to $2.52 per share from the previous 14%, and slightly lowered guidance to midpoint for cash flow available for dividends to 610 million from 620 million. In these uncertain times, we believe it is prudent to retain additional cash. I'd like to briefly touch on cost reductions. Regardless of the environment we maybe operating in, we are always focused on managing our cost and operating safely and efficiently. On an ongoing basis, our employees are constantly challenging themselves to find new ways to be more efficient and reduce cost while maintaining safety, reliability, and environmental responsibility. While the current market condition creates challenges, it also presents opportunity. Recently, we have seen decreases in service rates, reduced chemical costs, lower fuel prices, reductions in third-party contractor costs and other lower service rates. Before I close, I'd like to welcome and introduce Walt Hulse. Walt, who I have known and worked with for many years, brings a tremendous amount of investment banking in the energy industry experience to our company. As Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs, he will add tremendous value as we identify and assess strategic opportunities, as well as enhance our relationships with the investor community. Walt is very familiar to the ONEOK story and has provided counsel to us on a number of strategic acquisitions. The most recent was the separation of the distribution business into ONE Gas. Walt and his family will soon be relocating to Tulsa from New Jersey. We'd like to welcome Walt to the ONEOK family. In closing, this is not the first time that our experienced management team and skilled employees have faced a challenging and uncertain market environment. We've been here before with our assets, experienced people, financial flexibility, and discipline, and our legacy of doing the right things to create value for our customers, we're confident that we'll emerge as better and stronger company continuing to delivering value to our shareholders and unitholders. And finally, I'd like to thank our many dedicated and hardworking employees for delivering on the many accomplishments achieved throughout 2014, and in particular many thanks for conducting our business in a safe, reliable, and environmentally responsible manner each and every day. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Timm Schneider.
Timm Schneider: Hey, good morning. It's Timm Schneider with Evercore ISI. A quick question for you guys, and appreciate the color on some of the 2016 volumes; in terms of thinking about the integrated nature of your system, should we think of this processing volume increase as running through on the NGL side as well? What I am basically saying is does that show up NGL volumes and fractionation volumes?
Terry Spencer: Tim, that's exactly the way to think about it. As we increase volumes, particularly from our gathering and processing segment, that will positively impact volumes that we fractionate and volumes that we transport through our NGL network.
Timm Schneider: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about the contract structure of that? Is that mostly under the bundled contracts that you have had in the past?
Terry Spencer: Yes, most of those are contracted under the NGLs that we transport out of our affiliated plants as well as third-party plants. They're fee-based contracts. They're bundled. We refer to them as exchange contracts, and in those contracts we provide the fractionation gathering and transportation services to the market, to the market hubs.
Timm Schneider: Got it. Last question for me is just on with respect to coverage, obviously dominant OKS, incrementally higher on OKE, I was just wondering what the thoughts were around that that you are running negative coverage at OKS and why not, maybe get support OKS with bringing the coverage down a little bit at the OKE level?
Terry Spencer: Timm, we do -- we think about those things. I mean as we think about 2015 from a coverage standpoint at OKS, we are going to be a below one or expect to be below one in the early part of the year. But as we actually move through the year, we expect the coverage to be well above the line. Okay. The reason why we are carrying a -- reported a negative coverage is that we don't think we are going to be in a below one coverage for an extended period of time.
Timm Schneider: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: We will hear next from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst: Thank you and good morning, everybody. I think Terry, you actually hit kind of on the question that I was going to get to and I think you perhaps answered it and so -- but I guess as you look at sort of philosophically longer term if headwinds were to continue, the tension between resetting distributions, running sort of sub one times coverage versus perhaps using OKE and IDR waivers, should we basically just think of it that you are willing to go under one times coverage but really only for very short periods of time?
Terry Spencer: Yes, I think that's fair. That's been in the past. We've been comfortable keeping our coverage below one at the Partnership really for relatively short period of time. I think that's fair.
Carl Kirst: Okay, thank you. And a couple of other questions just from a base case standpoint; with respect to OKS and equity requirements with a much lower CapEx, should we still be expecting sort of a use of the ATM or is it down to where you think you don't even need equity for 2015 or any more color there would be helpful.
Terry Spencer: Carl, I'll let Derek take that question.
Derek Reiners: Yes, Timm, this is Derek. Sorry, Carl, this is Derek. We do expect to continue to use the ATM program as we've done in the past, certainly been a program that has worked well for us in the last year. And as we still do have $1.2 billion or so of capital in 2015 plan, we do expect to need to issue some equity.
Carl Kirst: Derek, did you have a target range with respect to that $1.2 billion or should we think of it as roughly on par with 2014 as far as the ATM equivalents?
Derek Reiners: Well, I think we will continue to look at our credit metrics much as the way we have in the past, of course, maintaining investment rate, credit ratings is extremely important to us at OKS. So that really will be our guide as to how much we would plan to issue either under the ATM or in an overnight for that matter.
Carl Kirst: Okay. That is helpful. Maybe last question if I could, just with respect to -- and I think these are smaller numbers but still want to make sure I have a sense of the colors. If we look at the maintenance capital spend for OKS, there is a 20% reduction. Is that something that is more reflective of the lower service costs you are seeing and thus is a new baseline or is that more sort of project deferrals that will just be done at a later date?
Derek Reiners: Well, I'll make a couple of comments and then, Wes Christensen, if he has anything to add, will chime in. But in our maintenance capital, yes, first, the short answer is yes, we are seeing some impact from the lower cost environment. But also there is always a tranche of projects in our maintenance that are more discretionary. Okay. So I think you are seeing some of those projects that are not really related to the asset integrity. We will -- from time-to-time, particularly in an environment like this, we've got those discretionary projects that we can dial out the maintenance capital on. I think that's what you're seeing. Wes, you got anything to add there?
Wes Christensen: No. I think that took care of everything.
Derek Reiners: Okay.
Carl Kirst: Great, thank you guys.
Derek Reiners: You bet. Thanks, Carl.
Operator: And next we will hear from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning, guys
Derek Reiners: Hey,Craig.
Craig Shere: Terry, in your prepared comments you said that you thought it was prudent to retain cash at the OKE level with more conservative dividend coverage ratio. I know you have already had a question or two on this but wonder what purposes you might foresee cash and available balance sheet capacity at OKE; is it simply a backstop if necessary in worst-case scenario to support OKS or are you keeping your mind open for other things?
Terry Spencer: Well, Craig, yes, to what you inferred as far as OKS, but yes we're keeping our minds open to other things. Obviously we could -- we'll have that cash available to issue dividends n the future potentially. So we have a cash tax load that could be coming down the road that cash could be used for OKE share repurchases is a possibility. The OKS supporters, you inferred, and you may have opportunities -- it seems like in towns like these there's always opportunity that presents itself, there maybe some very compelling asset acquisitions that might present themselves, and certainly that would provide with some liquidity for that. And of course obviously you could reduce -- you could potentially reduce some debt. So those are all the things you could conceivably do and all the leverage that we could potentially pull at OKE with that cash.
Craig Shere: Great. And assuming full capacity utilization, I understand there is a question as to how quickly the growth CapEx portfolio when online will ramp up given the flaring in market conditions. But assuming full capacity utilization at current commodity pricing, what kind of updated EBITDA to CapEx multiples do you -- or CapEx to EBITDA multiples do you see for the ongoing projects?
Terry Spencer: Yes, in this environment, from -- the stated multiple range that we've -- for all these projects that we've historically indicate was the 5X to 7X. And we're probably now north if you looked at kind of what the average multiple would be on these projects in this environment, you'd be a little -- a bit north of the six times. So still very viable projects, but that from a multiple basis, they have been affected somehow.
Craig Shere: Okay, that's good to hear. Are there any specific sign posts or market changes you would be looking for before restarting the three deferred projects?
Terry Spencer: Yes, probably a bit more fundamental as I -- we would really like to see some meaningful industry crude oil supply reductions. Okay. And if we -- if and when we really start to see that and I think we could feel like that the foundation for higher crude prices is much more viable, if we see prices popping at $65, $70, $75 a barrel range here, as we move into the 2016 timeframe, it's very possible we could fire those projects back up. But I think if we see those kind of markers out there, our confidence is going to be much improved, and certainly that will drive more communications with the producers and certainly -- and hopefully increase drilling activity over and above what we're already doing.
Craig Shere: Great, and last question; obviously suspending the long-term guidance probably makes some sense given the uncertainty. But the market always hates to not have a good roadmap. If things do recover in that range you said, the mid-$60 to $70 oil and CapEx spending in the industry kind of gets back to more of a steady state, from this reduced 2015 level, can you provide some color as to what we could see in terms of rolling back towards or close to the prior 2017 targets?
Terry Spencer: Yes. Craig, I think if we could see prices in that $70 to $80 a barrel range, and consistently in that range, we could very well head back toward that and get back toward that dividend and distribution guide rates, kind of get back on that old growth -- dividend growth and distribution growth target range.
Craig Shere: Great, I appreciate it.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for all the color.
Terry Spencer: Hi, Christine.
Christine Cho: So if I look at your operating income guidance for the NGL segment, it looks like it went down $60 million from original guidance. Would you be able to give us an idea of roughly how much of that is from your own equity volumes being revised down at the G&P segment and flowing through your NGL assets versus how much is from third-parties? And also, how did you guys determine how much to reduce third-party volumes? Are you going by customer forecast or have you haircut it further? Any color there would be helpful.
Terry Spencer: Christine, I'm going to let Sheridan take that question.
Sheridan Swords: On the answer about how much of the 63 million is attributable to our own equity volumes, I would say it's a little bit more than half. And then as we look at volumes going forward, that is multiple ways that we look at it, a lot is talking to the producers and the gathering of processing segments out there determine what they're seeing and we also look like at what we're seeing through our own plants in the same region to be able to determine what we think is a fair volume forecast for those plants.
Christine Cho: Okay, thank you. And then, just continuing on the NGL segment, you guys previously expected about 12% of your margin to come from marketing and optimization. Is that still what you're expecting with the revised guidance?
Terry Spencer: Christine, I think it's closer to 15%.
Christine Cho: If you include the isomerization I think.
Terry Spencer: Oh, if you include -- yes, if you include the isomerisation adds, it's sure -- Sheridan you want to
Sheridan Swords: Yes, its marketing and optimization is still around 4%.
Terry Spencer: Okay.
Christine Cho: Okay.
Terry Spencer: So if you include the isomerisation where does that put you?
Sheridan Swords: 14%.
Terry Spencer: There you go.
Christine Cho: Okay. Perfect. And then 
Terry Spencer: That's the number I was trying to say.
Christine Cho: And then, so I understand why processing plants in the Scoop and Powder River would get pushed out, but I was a little surprised that Demicks Lake was also in there just given McKenzie County has the lowest breakevens in the Bakken. Can you talk about the slowdown you are seeing and even the sweet spots and what are the utilizations at Garden Creek and State Line plants? Are they full or is there some capacity left there to accommodate any volumes that would have gone to Demicks Lake?
Terry Spencer: Well, Christine, clearly it's a function of the drilling plants of the producers in that Demicks Lake area and some of those wells are out on the edge and not quite in the sweet spot of the play. And I'll let Kevin add some color to
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Christine, we definitely have seen a movement of rigs into the core as we promised back in at our Analyst Day. As far as capacities and utilizations, we still have available capacity in our existing plants. And then as we add like Terry referenced traditional compression throughout 2015, and then Lonesome Creek coming on at the end of the year, that provides us with an additional $300 million a day of capacity that we'll be able to handle to continue drilling and the completions that are being worked in the first half of 2015 and will give some headroom for growth on into 2016 as well.
Christine Cho: Okay, great. Thanks. And then last question for me; can you remind us if you have any minimum volume commitments on any of your assets? If so, are you expecting any payments tied to that this year?
Terry Spencer: Christine, we do have some -- and we refer to them as MVAs in the gathering and processing segment. Most of those I think have run their term. Then of course in the NGL business we've got those -- we don't refer to those as minimum volume agreements, we refer to those as just firm shipper pay or from fracker pay agreements. And we have certainly those in the NGL segments. Most of those contracts were entered into to support many of the capital investments that we've made, the new fractionation, this new Sterling pipeline and what have you.
Christine Cho: And are you guys expecting any payments tied to that this year?
Terry Spencer: Yes, we are. And I don't know how granular we're going to be able to get on that.
Christine Cho: Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Okay.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill: Hey, guys.
Terry Spencer: Hey, Becca.
Becca Followill: Just wanted to clarify the change in guidance on gathering and processing volumes, I think it was up 17% and now it is up 10% and 8% respectively. Yet you said that Williston basin was only down 3%. Can you reconcile that change; where that is coming from?
Terry Spencer: Most of that's -- Kevin? I'd like Kevin
Kevin Burdick: Yes. I think that is coming from obviously the other -- the other basins both Mid Continent, we saw some additional pull back there, the ongoing forecast and then also some coming out of Powder.
Becca Followill: Okay, I will follow-up to get some more specifics. And then in the guidance for volumes up 16% in 2016, it just seems kind of contrary to the rig count reductions that we are seeing. Can you help us get to how you get to that increase of 16% in 2016?
Terry Spencer: Well, Becca just at a high level I'll let some of these other guys address your question as well, but when we think about what's happening, the producers are pooling into these much higher and much more productive areas. Certainly you're seeing the impact of that. I think the other thing which you don't always hear about is the fact that they're enhancing these, they're continuing to enhance their completion techniques and getting more production per well. So I think that's got to be a key. Any of you guys got anything else you want to add to that? I mean that's
Derek Reiners: No. I mean that pretty well covers it.
Kevin Burdick: That covers it pretty well.
Terry Spencer: Okay.
Becca Followill: Okay. And I've got three more quick ones. You talked about the flow-through of gathering to the frac; yet I think you guys are looking at basically flat frac volumes in '15 versus '14 versus the gathering and processing volumes up 8% to 10%. So do we look at it as a multiple or are you looking for some uptick in frac volumes in '16 that may be different than the pattern in '15?
Derek Reiners: Becca, the reason you're seeing your frac volumes flat between '14 and '15 is that we had quite a few spot frac contracts that we did in '14 that we're not predicting we will do again in '15. So they were just frac-only contracts, and so a lot of the gathering volumes they will now reflect a gathering fee plus a frac figure as we continue to go forward. That's why you're seeing in the black volume there.
Becca Followill: Okay. And then the second half pickup that you are looking at, where the coverage ratio is going to get thicker, are you assuming a pickup in commodity prices?
Terry Spencer: No, pretty flat prices throughout the year; that %50 scenario.
Becca Followill: Got you. Probably into the last question; is the $0.54 composite NGL barrel -- I know in the wording it just seemed ethane rejection but you've got a portion of your barrel of roughly 10% that is ethane. So built into that $0.54, does that include some ethane in there?
Terry Spencer: Yes, there would be a small amount of ethane. Kevin, do you have anything else, you could add to that?
Kevin Burdick: No, it should be a small amount of ethane that includes in there as well.
Terry Spencer: Less than 10%?
Kevin Burdick: Around 10-ish.
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Becca Followill: Wonderful. Thank you, guys.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Becca.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin: Thank you. A question on the OKE cash tax rate down in '15, but as you look forward to '16 with the lower CapEx at OKS plus maybe the impact of bonus depreciation, I am just wondering if you can give us some help on where the '16 cash tax rate is shaping up especially I think guidance before was around 20% to 25%.
Terry Spencer: That's right. We actually I think had got it kind of 18% to 24% in the future years but since we're not forecasting out the OKS distributions, providing financial guidance, we really can't give you anymore color beyond that. Of course bonus depreciation as you know was passed for 2014, which rolled into 2015 and for us as we carried over our net operating loss. So we don't expect to be a cash tax payer in 2015 if bonus depreciation were to be enacted again that would certainly favorably impact 2016's cash taxes.
Ted Durbin: Got it. Next one for me, just coming back to these three plants that are being suspended, I guess were there contracts associated with those? What was the old versus the new that changed such that you are no longer moving forward with those plans? What are you may be giving up in case a competitor tries to come in and build over top of you?
Terry Spencer: Well, Ted, first of all we don't believe we're giving up anything by suspending these projects until market conditions improve. Okay. And from a contractual standpoint if the same contracts that have been out there for some time these large acreage dedications they're part of this 3 million acreage dedication that we continually talk about. So those contracts are in place. It's just now a matter of when is the drilling going to occur? When are they going to get this production out of the ground? So it's a timing issue. And so, how you have to think about the suspension of these projects is not a cancellation, but a push to the right, a shift to the right of the curve if you will. It's really all about timing. We all believe that the commodity price environment is going to improve. And as it improves and these producers provide more clarity about their drilling activity, we're not giving up really anything but suspending these projects. Okay?
Tedd Durbin: Got it. The percentage of fee-based margins now that you are looking at in '15, I think before you had said 66%. Where does that shake out now with new guidance?
Terry Spencer: They're going to be more in the 75% range fee-based.
Tedd Durbin: Got it. Thank you. And then last one from me is just really kind of the same question in terms of the backlog. You had the on and off backlog of $4 billion to $5 billion. Should we assume that is the similar size but just takes longer to implement or does that actual backlog come down?
Terry Spencer: That's exactly right. Those projects are all still viable projects, and it really did as you indicate, it's more function of timing. Okay. The curve being shifted to the right as these producers get more confident in their drilling and provide more clarity on their forecast, these projects will come back into the fray.
Tedd Durbin: Perfect. I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] We'll hear from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst: Thank you, sorry guys, just two quick follow-ups; one, I didn't know if there were any G&P price hedges for 2016 we should be aware of. And I also just wanted to confirm if we just let the current slate of projects play out, what does that imply 2016 growth CapEx to be?
Terry Spencer: Well, I guess to both of those questions, Carl; first of all, on the hedging no updates for '16. And as far as CapEx for 2016, we've not guided in the out years as far as capital spent. We provide pretty much when we do guide, we guide in the current year, and we're going to remain with that policy.
Carl Kirst: Is there a way to ask just what is left to be spent at the end of this year on just those projects?
Terry Spencer: Well, I don't know if we can give.
Carl Kirst: Okay, fair enough.
Derek Reiners: I don't that number in front of me. And I don't think we really guide to that at this point.
Carl Kirst : Okay, appreciate it.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Carl.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto: Hi, good morning. On the three plants that have been suspended, have you spent any capital on those plants yet? And if you did want to kind of bring them back, how quickly could you kind of turn them on I guess?
Terry Spencer: Elvira, I'm going to let Wes Christensen take that question.
Wes Christensen: Yes, each one of the plants were in different phases, but as we put them into a part position, we have spent some money for long lead time items for Demick's and for Knox, but we will have them all positioned so that when the timing is right for them to be restarted, they will be well prepared to do that.
Elvira Scotto: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning 
Terry Spencer: Good morning.
Derek Reiners: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for all of the color this morning, very helpful. I was just curious if you might be able to comment at all, you have seen a competitor out there that collapsed the GP and LP structure for different reasons. I was just wondering if that is something that you guys had looked at all and if you see any benefit or how you think about the give and take on that type of a transaction.
Terry Spencer: Well, Jeremy, this company as we saw last year it was willing to entertain and execute on structural changes and no different here. We're certainly thinking about structural alternatives, and we'll continue to think about it. From a timing standpoint, we're not ready to do anything like that yet, so we'll just continue to look at it. It definitely has some merit. It makes sense for that party to do it and certainly we have to determine if it make sense for us. We're not at that point yet.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, thank you for the color.
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Andy Gupta with HITE Hedge.
Andy Gupta: Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on the previous question; Have you guys run any numbers on the taxes if you were to consolidate the GPLP and particularly with the OKS unit sell at OKE, how does that play into your thinking?
Terry Spencer: Well, we have our numbers, but as far as trying to provide you some indication numbers probably would not be a good thing at this point in time.
Andy Gupta: I understood. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Hi, on the last two questions picking up on that, I think that industry competitor that was referred to, was paying a very high tax even on distributions from the retained LP units of at least one of their large MLPs. Are you still in a position for the foreseeable future that almost all of the OKS LP distributions up to OKE are tax deferred for still some years to go?
Terry Spencer: Yes, Craig, there is still a fair amount of shield there. We've been pretty well 100% shielded for a number of years, and given that large capital that you've seen us imply over the last several years that carries forward for a while. Of course the GP, the IDRs are fully taxable to corporate rate, but the LPs do have that shield.
Craig Shere: Right. I understand that, but a lot of your peers pay a lot more than zero on their LP distributions under retained units.
Terry Spencer: Sure.
Craig Shere: And since this particular industry competitor was brought up, they also happened to make a $3 billion acquisition in the Bakken right in your territory, perhaps a little more spread out than what you have got in terms of those concentrated three core county areas and it is also a little more focused on oil. So the fact that somebody was willing to make an acquisition in this troubled market in your home turf or backyard kind of speaks to some value. But could you talk about your competitive strength and maybe the advantages of being in gas processing and gathering in the Bakken versus primarily oil if volumes were to fall off from even the current levels?
Terry Spencer: Yes. From a natural gas perspective, we have a lot of backlog, okay? And that's one of the advantages, one thing that provides us energy through this downturn or momentum, if you will, through this downturn. So you don't have quite that same phenomenon with the oil, okay? This flaring backlog is inventory. Its well connect inventory, now you got all these -- in addition to that, you got all these uncompleted wells. So it just gives us a lot of energy and momentum as we move into 2016. With our size, we've got tremendous scale, and so we cover a wide area and certainly there are others in the G&P business, and indicated one; there are others there, most of the asset footprints though has their own core acreage dedication that they are very focused on. And so, we do have some overlap, but when you look at the dense part of each one of our systems, we have our own areas, so to speak; our own backyards, if you will. We actually tend to collectively actually work together to take advantage of capacity on our gathering systems that might be available at certain times of the month where we will off-load gas between companies to help reduce the players. So we actually work together solving problems. So it's really worked well. I don't see the landscape changing significantly as a result of the acquisition that you indicated, and primarily because I think that with those assets we've had a pretty darn good relationship.
Craig Shere: And last question, I am sorry for taking so much time. But you had mentioned, Terry, the possibility which is I think the first in a while at least since separation of the utility business of buying back shares at OKE. There's a lot of M&A and people talking about M&A in the market now and some deep pocketed people out there. If somebody came along and offered an immediate 20% bump in the value to OKE off current market, would you see that as attractive? How do you view value for the Company right now?
Terry Spencer: Well, I think if somebody came in and offered an attractive value, we certainly would have to -- the prudent thing is to consider. So certainly we would have to be open-minded, okay. Our focus remains for organic growth in this company, and the best way to create value is to continue to prudently and appropriately deploy this capital and earn as high return on invested capital as we possibly can, structure the business, and manage the business with reduced commodity price exposure, and what have you. So those are the ways in which we really -- those are the things we can control, and those are the things we remain focused on, but I mean if somebody were to come in here and put an attractive number on the table, the prudent thing is we would have to look at it.
Craig Shere: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Timm Schneider with Evercore ISI.
Timm Schneider: Hey, guys; just one quick follow-up. In terms of the margin guidance, the lowered margin guidance, how much of that is from volume declines versus are you baking in any reductions in tariffs or any renegotiations with your E&P customers? Are they pushing back on you guys a little bit?
Terry Spencer: At high level, I'll say, Tim, we are really not having any pushback. If anything we're thinking about restructuring our contracts with certain of our customers, there are some customers who want to go more to fee-based types of structures, and so yes, we are having some discussions.
Timm Schneider: Yes. And then lastly for me, did you guys take a look at Highland?
Terry Spencer: I can't really comment, and we generally, Tim, don't comment about our participation or non-participation in processes.
Timm Schneider: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no additional questions at this time. I will turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you for joining us. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extends until earnings are released after market closes on May 5, followed by conference call on May 6. We'll provide details on the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste -  Terry K. Spencer - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Derek S. Reiners - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Robert F. Martinovich - Executive Vice President of Commercial Wesley John Christensen - Senior Vice President of Operations Sheridan C. Swords - Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids of Oneok Partners gp, llc
Analysts: Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Corey Goldman - Jefferies LLC, Research Division John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric C. Genco - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Good day, and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Rob Martinovich, our Executive Vice President, Commercial; Wes Christensen, Senior Vice President, Operations; and Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer. Also with us and available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids; and Kevin Burdick, Vice President, Natural Gas Gathering and Processing. On this morning's call, Derek will start with a review of our financial results. Rob will review our operating results, including sequential quarter variances, give a brief NGL market update and touch on the drilling economics in the basins we operate. Wes will give an update on our capital growth projects. And finally, I'll elaborate on last week's announced acquisition of the West Texas LPG and Mesquite NGL pipelines from Chevron, and I'll have a few closing remarks. During our previous conference calls, we have shared our plans and progress for growing ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. While execution of these plans has not been without challenges, we have and will continue to execute on our key growth strategies and create value for our shareholders, unitholders and stakeholders. So in the midst of weaker commodity prices and other market uncertainties, it is important to provide some perspective on how we will approach the future by acknowledging our actions and successes of the past. As we begin our call this morning, I'd like to touch on some of our accomplishments. ONEOK Partners' 2014 adjusted EBITDA exceeded $1.14 billion in only 9 months, which is the quickest the partnership has exceeded $1 billion in its history. And we are on track to grow our distributable cash flow in 2014 by over 20% since 2013. At ONEOK, we are clearly benefiting from this growth. We completed approximately $4.7 billion in capital investments since 2010 and expect to exceed $5 billion with the completion of the MB-3 fractionator by the end of the year. Including these capital investments, we will have invested nearly $7 billion when combined with our $2 billion capital growth program we completed between 2006 and 2009. And we have entered into yet another incredible capital growth phase of the partnership with the backlog of unannounced projects of between $4 billion and $5 billion. These completed projects are providing predominantly fee-based earnings and have contributed to record volume growth in the gathering and processing segment. The natural gas liquids segment has seen strong sequential volume growth despite increased ethane rejection and the recent announcement of the West Texas LPG pipeline and the Mesquite NGL pipeline, which will establish the partnership as a significant, fully integrated natural gas liquids service provider in the Permian Basin generating additional fee-based earnings and increasing the segment's gathered NGL volumes nearly 40%. While NGL location price differentials remain narrow in this lower commodity price environment, let's not lose sight of the fact that the assets we built and are building and acquired increased our ability to add volumes to our systems, natural gas and natural gas liquids, and collect the fee together, process, fractionate, store and transport these commodities for producers, processors and customers. These services provide us and our customers and investors with sustainable long-term value regardless of location price differentials and commodity prices. Our integrated and extensive network of midstream assets in key basins, combined with our strong liquidity at ONEOK Partners, leaves us well positioned for the future. As we outlined in the earnings release last night, we revised our 2014 guidance at ONEOK Partners due mainly to the noncash impairment charge in the natural gas gathering and processing segment and continued narrow Conway-to-Mont Belvieu ethane differentials. We also narrowed ONEOK's financial guidance ranges. We'll provide more color later in the call. Please reference the releases for the updated ranges and midpoints. To conclude my opening remarks, we remain confident in the partnership's estimated annual distribution increase of 6% to 8% between 2013 and 2016, and we continue to expect EBITDA to increase by an average of 15% to 20% annually between 2015 and 2016. The distribution growth, driven by the ongoing capital program at ONEOK Partners, will continue to benefit ONEOK. While our current ONEOK dividend growth rate guidance remains at 10% in 2015 and 2016, we continue to look for opportunities to support a higher dividend growth rate. At our upcoming investor conference on December 3, as is our normal practice, we will provide updated financial guidance that will include 2016 and 2017, as well as 2015 at both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Derek will now review ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners' financial highlights. Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Thank you, Terry, and good morning. Third quarter 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $65 million or $0.31 per diluted share, which includes a noncash impairment charge of $76.4 million or $0.09 per diluted share attributable to ONEOK in the gathering and processing segment of ONEOK Partners. I will discuss the impairment charge of the partnership in a few moments. ONEOK is benefiting from its pure-play general partnership strategy receiving $443 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners in the 9 months of 2014, a 12% increase from the same period last year. Cash flow available for dividends for the first 9 months was $478 million, providing 1.33x coverage of the ONEOK dividend. ONEOK increased its quarterly 2014 dividend for the third quarter of 2014 by $0.015 per share to $0.59 per share, 55% higher than a year ago. Now moving on to ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners' third quarter net income was approximately $167 million or $0.32 per unit, which includes a noncash impairment charge of $76 million or $0.31 per unit in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. In the third quarter 2013, net income attributable the ONEOK Partners was $216 million or $0.64 per unit. In the second quarter 2013, the noncash impairment charge, which is included in equity earnings from investments resulted from the partnership's 49% equity investment in Big Horn gas gathering, a natural gas gathering system located in the coal-bed methane area of the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, where dry natural gas volumes continue to decline. Distributable cash flow was $293 million for the third quarter providing coverage of 1.05x. For the first 9 months of 2014, distributable cash flow was $863 million, providing 1.11x coverage compared with $704 million for the same period last year, providing coverage of 1.04x. Our long-term annual coverage ratio target remains at 1.05x to 1.15x. The partnership's third quarter 2014 distribution increased to $0.775 per unit, an increase of approximately 7% from our third quarter 2013 distribution of $0.725 per unit. During the quarter, we issued 1.4 million common units through our aftermarket equity program for a total of 4.4 million common units in the first 9 months of 2014 compared with 681 common units issued all of last year through the program. We have ample liquidity to support the partnership's ongoing capital growth program and the recently announced acquisition, including access to nearly $1.7 billion in our commercial paper program or under our credit facility as of September 30. At the end of the third quarter, the partnership had $54 million in cash and cash equivalents, no commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings outstanding on our credit facility, a long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio of 51% and a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.4x. Our current capital structure metrics are in line with our long-term targets of 50-50 capitalization, and debt-to-EBITDA ratio of less than 4x. As we've done previously, we expect to utilize our commercial paper program and cash on hand to initially finance our capital investments, and we'll be disciplined and balanced in our approach to obtaining permanent financing as opportunities arise in the debt or equity markets. Rob, that concludes my remarks.
Robert F. Martinovich: Thank you, Derek. Starting at ONEOK Partners, the natural gas gathering and processing segment's third quarter 2014 operating income was up 42%, compared with the third quarter 2013, due primarily to higher natural gas volume growth in the Williston Basin and Cana-Woodford Shale as a result of recently completed capital growth projects. From a sequential quarter comparison, operating income for the third quarter 2014 compared with the second quarter 2014 was up 25% due to a $21 million increase, due primarily to natural gas volume growth in the Williston Basin and Cana-Woodford Shale and a $4 million increase due to changes in contract mix, offset partially by a $3 million decrease in lower net realized prices and a $5 million increase in operating cost, primarily due to timing of materials and supplies. Volumes increased sequentially quarter-over-quarter. Natural gas gathered increased 12% and natural gas processed increased 15%. We have continued to see a significant ramp-up in natural gas volumes across our system, and we expect to see the strong growth continue through remainder of the year and into 2015, especially in the Williston Basin as improved producer drilling and recovery techniques have resulted in increased natural gas volumes from new wells with Garden Creek II operating at full capacity and Garden Creek III volumes ramping up. We have updated our hedging tables in the release. We expect to execute on more natural gas and natural gas liquids hedges for 2015 during the winter heating season. As always, we will continue to monitor the market and execute hedges when opportunities are presented. The natural gas liquids segment's third quarter 2014 operating income was up 19% compared with the third quarter 2013 due to higher margin volumes delivered to the Bakken NGL Pipeline and from new plants connected in the Mid-Continent region. From a sequential quarter comparison, operating income was up 9% due to a $25 million increase in fee-based exchange service margins, which resulted primarily from higher margin volumes delivered to the Bakken NGL Pipeline. A $13 million increase in optimization and marketing margins, which resulted from a more than $6 million increase from marketing, truck and rail activities, and $6 million from wider NGL product price differentials, partially offset by a $13 million decrease from narrower, normal butane to isobutane product price differentials. A $5 million decrease from lower NGL volumes as a result of increased ethane rejection and a $4 million decrease from lower operational measurement gains. Our Bakken NGL Pipeline is now gathering nearly 60,000 barrels per day and almost 50% increase from the previous update in the second quarter. We expect to see higher margin fee-based volume continue to increase with our Garden Creek III plant coming online 3 months early for the remainder of the year and through 2015. The recently completed Bakken NGL Pipeline expansion gives us additional capacity to transport up to 135,000 barrels per day. The natural gas pipeline segment's third quarter 2014 operating income was up 3% compared with the third quarter 2013 due to higher natural gas transportation revenues related to increased rates on intrastate pipelines, higher contracted capacity and higher natural gas volumes transported. From a sequential quarter comparison, operating income and equity earnings was relatively flat. Now brief outlook on the NGL markets. The ethane rejection by natural gas processing plants connected to our NGL system is approximately 150,000 barrels per day. We expect ethane rejection will continue at least through 2016 after which, new ethylene production capacity is forecasted to begin coming online. Ethane exports will also have an impact on ethane rejection levels. Current ethane demand is approximately 1.1 million barrels per day and is expected to increase to approximately 1.2 million barrels per day during the first quarter of 2015 due to decreased ethylene facility downtime. In recent weeks, we have seen Conway-to-Mont Belvieu location price differentials for ethane under $0.03 per gallon in favor of Mont Belvieu, and we expect these narrow differentials to continue for the rest of this year and during 2015. Propane exports are steady, and we are seeing more propane buying in Conway for crop drying and winter demand. As a result, we expect propane location price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu to be in the minus $0.03 per gallon to plus $0.02 per gallon range for the remainder of 2014. While we recognize the continued near-term challenges regarding excess ethane supply, the partnership remains well positioned through its integrated network of assets in the NGL-rich basins to provide essential services to its customers for the long term. We expect the lower commodity price environment to continue through 2015, which will impact our net realized prices for natural gas, NGLs and condensate. However, we do not anticipate that the lower commodity prices will result in reduced drilling activity in the basins in which we operate. In our view, drilling continues to be economical in the basins where we operate at West Texas Intermediate crude oil prices of approximately $45 to $60 a barrel in the Bakken, $50 to $65 a barrel in Powder River and $60 to $70 a barrel in the SCOOP. In addition, the key noncommodity price variables that impact drilling economics, including well productivity and well cost, should also be factored into the breakeven analysis. That concludes my comments. Wes?
Wesley John Christensen: Thank you, Rob. A quick update on our announced capital growth program. We have revised our capital growth for 2014 to $1.7 billion from $2.1 billion. This change is a result of the timing of expenditures and has no impact on the projected capital growth, project cost or scheduled completion dates. As mentioned in last week's announcement, the Garden Creek III natural gas processing plant was completed in October, 3 months ahead of schedule and on budget. We were able to utilize construction synergies with Garden Creek II to complete the facility ahead of schedule. The expansion of Bakken NGL Pipeline was completed in September and increased the pipeline's capacity to 135,000 barrels per day from 60,000 barrels per day, and the Niobrara NGL level connecting ONEOK Partners' Sage Creek natural gas processing facility to the Bakken NGL Pipeline was also completed in September. The MB-3 fractionator is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter 2014. I would like to point out we increased capital expenditures on Sterling III Pipeline and the reconfiguration of Sterling I and Sterling II Pipelines to approximately $800 million from $767 million due to higher inspection costs during winter construction and post-commissioning activities. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Wes. Let's discuss the strategic acquisition we announced last week, which substantially increased our operating presence in the Permian as we already have a significant position with our natural gas pipeline segment's ownership of the West Texas transmission intrastate natural gas pipeline system. With the acquisition of the West Texas LPG pipeline and the Mesquite NGL pipeline, the partnership's presence in the Permian Basin will be significantly stronger, and this acquisition will establish a new region for natural gas liquids growth. These assets will give us access to a major new NGL supply basin and increases our gathered NGL volumes by nearly 40%, pushing our total systemwide NGL gathered volumes to approximate 800,000 barrels per day. Our expectation is to significantly grow these assets and enhance their service capability and flexibility. Our current plans call for investing approximately $500 million between 2015 and 2019 with even more potential projects to come. ONEOK Partners expects to generate an adjusted EBITDA multiple of 6x to 8x between 2017 and 2020 through enhanced customer services and volume increases from pipeline capacity expansions. I should further emphasize that potential margins realized downstream from fee-based fractionation and storage services at our Mont Belvieu facilities could further enhance these multiples. Our extensive NGL operating experience and the valuable knowledge of the approximately 75 soon-to-be-new employees joining us from Chevron will enable us to realize and maximize the true potential of these assets. We'd like to welcome these employees to the ONEOK team. From a commercial standpoint, we have positive, long-term relationships with the customers served by these assets. Many are our current customers in other basins where we operate. Our existing NGL asset position in Mont Belvieu provides us the ability to offer these customers enhanced services, including fractionation and storage and opportunity that wasn't available to them under the previous ownership. Although we intend to provide more detail on the call regarding our NGL growth plans in the Permian, we will be limited in certain of our discussions due to the existence of a confidentiality agreement and for the competitive nature of information relating to rate structures and strategies. Our current and future growth with the partnership has never looked stronger. We have completed approximately $2 billion in capital growth projects this year and expect to add $550 million to the complete list with the completion of the MB-3 fractionator later in the fourth quarter so that the partnership will have the full benefit of these completed projects in 2015. The partnership's growth is not slowing. $2.5 billion in capital investments have been announced in 2014, including our recent acquisition. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, we increased our unannounced backlog range to $4 billion to $5 billion from the previous range of $3 billion to $4 billion in yesterday's earnings release. Earlier this year, our unannounced backlog was $2 billion to $3 billion. Our internal capital growth program continues to provide solid visibility into future earnings growth, with assets that are well positioned in multiple producing formation, high-growth, liquids rich areas, such as the Williston Basin, Powder River Basin, Cana-Woodford, Stack and SCOOP plays in Oklahoma and the Permian Basin. We continue to remain focused on our strategy to meet our customers' infrastructure needs quickly and cost-effectively. To put this year in perspective, our 2014 versus 2013 year-over-year distributable cash flow growth rate is over 20% even with ethane rejection and narrow location price differentials. Despite the ethane-related headwinds we've been facing this year, this has been a strong year of the partnership, and we are very excited for the future. We expect to continue to deliver solid returns to our unitholders and shareholders through volume growth and, predominantly, fee-based earnings. ONEOK, as a pure-play general partner, continues to provide the management and resources the ONEOK Partners to execute on these growth strategies so that the partnership can increase its distributions to unitholders, including ONEOK, enabling ONEOK to maximize its dividend payout to shareholders. In closing, I'd like to again thank our employees whose dedication and commitment allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day and create exceptional value for investors and customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company successful. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just on clarification on the acquisition. In yesterday's release, you say you expect the asset to eventually generate 60x, which you reiterated on the call. If I take the $800 million purchase price and the $500 million of subsequent CapEx to get to the $1.3 billion and tack on a 7x multiple, I get $185 million of EBITDA, which my common sense tells me I'm interpreting this incorrectly. So if I were to take into consideration your acquisition press release, where you say you expect to double the current EBITDA of, I'm estimating, $32 million, that's net to you guys, is that what the $500 million of CapEx will get you to? And you're expecting to spend probably a considerable amount in fractionation, processing, distribution, all things related downstream to get you to that all in 6x to 8x number by 2017, 2020? Is that -- am I thinking about that correctly?
Terry K. Spencer: You are partially, okay? So let me try this, and here's the piece that you're missing. When we look at the growth opportunities associated with this business or with this pipeline asset, it's going to come from primarily 3 things. We've got an existing base business that's going to have some inherent growth that is volumes behind existing plants, and new plants are going to increase as drilling continues in the Permian. Considerable portion of that volume growth does not have much capital associated with it, okay? You've got another bucket of enhanced services, and I can go into some detail about that, but basically providing more flexibility, more delivery capability and, in particular, across regions providing some packaging opportunities across regions for these customers. We expect to generate enhanced revenues from that. There's not a whole lot of capital that goes with that bucket, okay? So then that leaves you with the system expansions, where we are planning to build and construct pipeline facilities to handle new volumes, incremental volumes for shippers that need to -- that need the increased capacity. That will come at a very low multiple, okay? So when you add all these up and you look at the final result, you come to a total 6x to 8x multiple on a roughly $1.3 billion capital that's going to be spent, okay? That means, so your multiple on that -- on the total incremental revenue that's being generated here looks very, very low. And it is very low because you have a lot of revenue coming that's not going to require capital investment. I hope that helps.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Yes, that was very helpful. Can you give us a -- yes?
Terry K. Spencer: The last one I'm going to make is that in these numbers, there's no downstream revenue coming from fractionation and storage services, okay? Just to make that clear. That will be additive and can help that 6x to 8x multiple go even lower.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. Okay. That's very helpful. Can you give us a ballpark estimate on maybe a percentage of the barrels that's already going to your downstream assets tied to the volumes from the acquisition? And how much is potentially "up for grabs" at some point I'd like to see contracts roll off? Also, if you could provide average length in terms of contract. That would be helpful, too.
Terry K. Spencer: So I'll handle this at a high level. And what I can tell you is there's basically no volume from the system that's coming to our fractionators, okay? Very -- actually, 0, okay? So it's all up there for grabs. We don't know though what the contractual terms are from a fractionation standpoint. Certainly, by owning this pipeline asset, we're now in a position to compete for that business. And certainly, I think it'd be impractical to think we could get all of it. I'm going to say we have a good chance to get a substantial portion to that volume in our fracs, okay?
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great, that's very helpful. And then I think in the past, there has been talks about potentially converting the West Texas pipe to crude service. Is -- was this on the table for you guys at all? Or do the customer contracts on the pipe prohibit you from abandoning NGL takeaway service? Or do you see the value in keeping NGL service due to all of the other opportunities that bring to the table for you guys? Is it more valuable in keeping an NGL service versus if you were to convert it and just collect the toll on crude service?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Christine, today, it certainly has more value as an NGL pipeline. However, in this day and time, you better be thinking about repurposing, okay? So it should always be in the back of your mind, is there a better application for this pipeline assets considering how valuable they are these days in the midstream space. So well, I couldn't rule that crude for a portion of the pipeline system. It is certainly something we have to be thinking about, and we do think about. But right now, we intend to operate this pipeline system as an NGL facility, primarily because of those integration and downstream opportunities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving on, we'll hear from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Terry, appreciate all the color on the Permian. Maybe just came off Christine's question, though. Just trying to get a better sense, I guess, perhaps as you look at the 3 different buckets. Perhaps a bit of the ramp profile of how ultimately the 40 becomes 80 becomes 175 plus. And I ask in a sense that if the $500 million is primarily system expansions and there is ability to increase revenue and EBITDA without the expansion of capital, is that something that could potentially come in the earlier years? Or is it basically a leverage effect on the extra volume from the system expansions?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Carl, what I'll tell you is, yes, we do see a potential by the time we get to 2017, of course, to have a substantial increase in EBITDA along the lines of what we initially indicated. But particularly, as you -- as we make these capital investments, which began in the 2017 time frame and moved through the 2019 time frame, we're going to see significant ramp-up in EBITDA during that period. So basically, what -- how this will look is your -- without including any downstream frac or storage synergies, your multiple is going to look about like this. In that 2017 time frame, you'll get to that 8 multiple range. And then as you move through that 2019 time frame, you'll drop to that 7 range and then move into about 2020 into that 6 range.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: That's very helpful. And then maybe just sort of last question off that. Of the $500 million, is that coming from pumping expansion? Or I guess, I'm trying to kind of get a better sense of is this something where you guys are looking at the drilling and the, ultimately, the volume needs and so you go ahead and effect you, you prebuild in order to handle that capacity? Or is the $500 million something that will be associated, for instance, with new incremental contracts as a gating factor, if you will?
Terry K. Spencer: Well I think the last part of your question, the answer to that is yes, but I'm going to let Sheridan Swords take that question.
Sheridan C. Swords: I think on your first part of the question, yes, we see the expansion of the pipeline will be predominantly looping of sections of the pipeline to increase its capacity, which we'll -- also we'll have to increase our pumping capacity as well. But as Terry said, we anticipate through our integrated services that we'll be contracting under long-term contracts with customers for our expanded capacity through the products.
Terry K. Spencer: Did that help you, Carl?
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then maybe one last question if I can, for Rob just because you were talking about the view of the NGL markets and then ethane rejection at least through 2016. And perhaps my nuance in the question is in understanding that you all will give perhaps, roll your guidance through to 2017 in December. I didn't know if the ethane rejection of that comment through 2016 was just a -- we weren't ready to look out beyond 2016. Or if that was actually a sort of a call where you expect perhaps a positive ethane frac spread in 2017?
Robert F. Martinovich: Carl, I guess, from our standpoint, what we're tying that onto is, obviously, the beginning of those crackers coming on online in that '17 time frame. And I think, as we've said before, it's going to be lumpy as those come on and as ethane supply/demand start to balance out along with the ethane export. So our -- really, our view hasn't changed per se from that, and so that's really where we've kind of focused on.
Operator: Moving on, next, we'll go to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I've got to tell you the additional color on that Permian acquisition now sounds extremely attractive.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, we think so. We're glad we got it.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: A couple ones here. Rob, can you discuss the contract changes that increased the G&P contributions sequentially? And also, it looks like 2015 NGL hedges didn't change from 2Q guidance, but the percent hedged fell. Is that a reflection of moderating ethane rejection expectation into next year or increased propane plus volumes versus prior assumptions?
Robert F. Martinovich: Yes, increased propane plus, well I'm through your second question. With regards to the first question, could you repeat that real quick? On -- your first part was...
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Changes in G&P contracts.
Robert F. Martinovich: Yes, that was in the Williston Basin, Craig, where we had some more fee-based business come on online between the second and third quarter. That was predominantly the full amount.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And so that being fee-based, and you think that's more sustainable and growing?
Robert F. Martinovich: We do. It is. It's -- that particular volumes coming from our Divide County system, and so as those volumes continue to ramp up and then sustain, we'll be able to maintain that benefit.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Corey Goldman - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is Corey filling in for Chris. Just a quick question on the gathering and processing revised volume guidance. It looks as though you're expecting a pretty flat run rate sequentially, but a pretty good step-up in terms of op income. Just wondering if you can kind of reconcile that for us and how should we think about that going forward?
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure. And certainly, you can get in there and look at the -- do your own calculations kind of for our fourth quarter average and come up -- you'll see volumes are up a tick overall in the fourth quarter over third quarter. But the -- it depends on where those volumes are coming from. So we're seeing a little bit more of an increase in the Williston Basin volumes and, as a result, higher margin per unit there is leading to that increase in income.
Corey Goldman - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then one really quick one, if I can follow up. That asset sale you're expecting to book a $16 million gain on the pipelines, can you talk about how big that total sales size is and what type of assets you're selling there?
Robert F. Martinovich: What we're doing, it's really 2-part. We've got some nonstrategic pad gas that we're selling, so pretty low basis there. And then we've also got a small nonstrategic piece of pipe that, again, is from the sales to value is not much more than what we're showing there. So in total, it's not like you've got a 5x of sales value going on to get that gain.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving on, we'll go to John Edwards with Crdit Suisse.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm just curious if you could just talk a little bit about in terms of the inventory of project backlog. It's obviously risen quite a bit this year. I mean, in light of the sort of volatile commodity price environment, do you think it would've been -- it would be even higher? Or maybe you could talk a little bit about that? And then my other question is what was the impact on the narrowing price differential Conway-Belvieu on the quarter and perhaps on the guidance, if you could talk about those things?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, John, so as we look at the backlog, okay, and I think we've provided this -- some of this color before, we look at the breakdown of that $4 billion to $5 billion backlog. Roughly 2/3 of it actually is going to be coming from the NGL segment. The rest of it coming from gathering and processing and the natural gas pipes. And, of course, much of that -- most of that NGL business is all fee-based, okay? So as I think from a broad perspective of the inflow of projects into that $4.5 billion backlog, and as we think about the $4.5 billion backlog itself, right now, we're seeing no indications and no impact on this lower commodity price environment on those plants, okay? We're seeing none, okay? So that's all still intact and still looks really good. Your second question's on the op -- did that help you?
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, that's really helpful.
Terry K. Spencer: Okay, your second question on the optimization margins. It's -- when you look at the impact relative to what we guided to for the NGL segment, you have to note that ethane spreads have gone from about $0.07 a gallon in our guidance. So we actually experienced ethane spread to $0.025, $0.03, okay, for the quarter. So the impacts of the quarter relative to the quarter we guided for the NGL segments, is about -- that delta was a negative $14 million or $15 million roughly, okay? So it's pretty significant impact or pretty significant hole we have to come out off in order to have a pretty good quarter. And that's an indication of the strength of the volume growth that we're seeing in not just the NGL business, but the gathering and processing business as well.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: First question is on the volume on West Texas LPG. If, hypothetically, you were able to get a significant amount of volumes to your own fracs, would you need to construct another frac?
Terry K. Spencer: We would be able to handle some of that volume in capacity from these new fracs that have been built and that are in the process of being built. For a period of time, there'll be a substantial portion of that we could handle. But then as those volumes in those fracs continue to ramp up, we would likely have to build more frac capacity. In theory, if we -- let's say we contracted all of it, certainly, we would have to build more frac capacity. And some of that incidentally is in our backlog of future growth -- unannounced backlog of future growth. [indiscernible]?
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Yes, that answers it. And then on the SCOOP system that comes with that, it looks like that really doesn't really generate much EBITDA right now. Can you talk about what you see in that asset? What potentially it could do for you?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, well, I mean, the first thing I could -- would tell you that's integral to the operation to that business, but I'm going to let Sheridan provide you a little more color on your question.
Sheridan C. Swords: Becca, basically, the Mesquite pipeline's capacity is leased to the partnership, to West Texas pipeline's capacity. So it collects, say, a small lease fee from the partnership, but it is integral to the whole operation of that. If you take Mesquite away, you would drop your throughput by quite a bit. Does that answer your question?
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 more questions on the acquisition. One, just to clarify, so currently, is -- or I guess, post the closing of the deal, would you guys be a shipper on the line or is it all third-party shippers on that line? And then when you think about expanding the capacity, would you contemplate, for example, your marketing business taking some of that capacity?
Terry K. Spencer: Great question, Michael. And because it's such a great question, I'm going to pitch a great answer from Sheridan Swords.
Sheridan C. Swords: Michael, currently, we do ship on this pipeline. It's not currently tied into our frac, but it is tied into Mont Belvieu fracs. But we ship out small amount, less than 10,000 barrels a day on that pipeline into our fracs. As we go forward and we're looking to the moving more volume on that, we do anticipate that our marketing affiliate will move barrels on that, especially as we offer the bundled service integration services of both transportation and fractionation and storage. That will be done through the marketing piece.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then second question is, to get to that 6 to 8 multiple, is it strictly -- are we strictly talking about expansions and increased volumes? Or you're also assuming an increase in the tariff?
Sheridan C. Swords: We do anticipate there'll be increased volumes on that piece. As we start talking about tariffs and rates, due to some existing confidentiality agreements and just think of the competitive nature of that question, we really can't dive into the rate structures at this time.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Terry, I want to go back to some of the comments you had at the beginning of the call. And I think you're talking about opportunities that could increase the 10% growth at OKE, and I was wondering if you might be willing to share some more color on the topic in general, and if that might involve lower-than-expected taxes now that the spinoff of OGS has been completed sometime. I don't know if you have better color onto what that can look like.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, certainly, Jeremy, I'd make a couple of comments and Derek can follow up. But yes, we do see potentially an opportunity to increase the dividend growth rate at OKE. You've got to understand, we're spending a lot of capital at OKS and certainly, that could equate to more IDR opportunity for OKE. So certainly, we'll look at that. This pure-play structure that we have in place really sets the tone and does put us in a position to maximize the cash flow to the shareholders. So certainly, as we go forward, we're going to look at that. And Derek, you got anything to add?
Derek S. Reiners: Well I think that's exactly right. It'll be driven primarily from OKS as OKS grows, and that will also grow distributions, particularly the IDRs at OKE. It will also provide additional depreciation deductions at OKE. So those 2 things in concert could provide some upside opportunity there.
Terry K. Spencer: And Jeremy, from a tax perspective, certainly, if we get some good news on bonus depreciation, for example, that could help us further increase the dividend. And you know how the process works. Our Board of Directors determines our dividend policy, and we sit down and we look at all of these factors and make that determination. And our expectations by the time we get to the December 3 Investor Day, if we have anything new to share with you at that point in time, which I suspect we will about our business in total, we will share our dividend outlook, particularly the dividend growth outlook for OKE with you.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That all makes sense. That was all very helpful. Just one last one for me. I was wondering, as far as the M&A market is concerned, are you guys still active in looking at other incremental bolt-ons as well that potentially could expand the platform or kind of full with this [indiscernible]?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, we're looking at both, Jeremy. We're looking at asset, bolt-on projects across the midstream space. Certainly, as we said before, not all of them make any sense at all and some of them are so small in scale they don't -- won't move the needle. But we are looking at those on the M&A front. It's -- there's a lot of chat around in the marketplace right now. A lot of people are thinking about consolidation. A lot of people looking at their structure. However, as we kind of sit today, the weakening in the equities markets I'm sure has got some folks, who are considering M&A opportunities, kind of perhaps pausing a bit and thinking hard about their strategies.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe can you just talk a little bit more about, is there a broader strategy in the Permian here after the acquisition? Is this a precursor to investments in gathering, processing or even storage? Just talk about a broader Permian strategy, if there is one?
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Ted, there definitely is. I mean, we -- certainly with that NGL position, it could create great synergies with upstream gathering and processing assets. So yes, to the extent that there are gathering and processing opportunities and in particular, those that fit well with these assets, we're going to be very interested. However -- and here's the however part, the valuations that we're seeing for certain of these gathering and processing assets in the Permian are astronomical. And so that gives us pause, and we're not going to acquire gathering and processing assets at the expense of economic discipline, okay? We're just not going to do that. I think another opportunity for us is crude. We have not only the 2,600 miles of the NGL pipelines we just acquired, but we've got hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of miles of natural gas pipelines, too, that potentially could have some other purposes, in particular, for crude. So that strategy is as a result of these assets and result of us having now kind of a wider footprint in the Permian is really going to have us looking hard at crude opportunities.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. Maybe if we can just come to the Bakken here. I feel like we haven't talked about that much on this call, but as you've seen the regulators turning the screws on the -- the [indiscernible] are up there to hit flaring targets, can you just give us a sense of what the outlook is for the number of new processing plants we're going to need as you look at your supply curves went up for the next few years?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ted, the short answer is we're going to need a lot more, a lot more than we have today. We have in the works enough plants to get us up to 1.2 Bcf a day. And the analysts are indicating gas production could be easily 2 Bcf a day or more. What that tells me, we need more processing plants. We've got about a 50% -- as we sit today, about a 50% market share up there, so I would expect a lot of those plants to come right underneath and right well within our footprint. So -- and we have some of that in, of course, our unannounced backlog -- and some in our unannounced backlog, okay? So yes, we see a lot of runway there and visibility into a lot more growth.
Operator: Next we'll go to Eric Genco with Citi.
Eric C. Genco - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just had a quick question, maybe a clarification. I think you said earlier on the Permian acquisition that you're looking at sort of returns in the 27 time frame -- 2017 time frame of 8x; 2019, 7x. And I think you said that the bulk of the $500 million of incremental capital will be spent 2017 to 2020? But I just want to make sure I understood better. Is basically -- associated with those numbers, are you saying that -- what sort of the gross cash invested at those times?
Terry K. Spencer: You'll see -- of the $500 million, you'll see -- the $500 million, you'll see $200 million to $300 million spent net '17 to '19 time frame. And the balance of it spent earlier prior to 2017, okay? So that's kind of how the shape of the CapEx spend will look.
Eric C. Genco - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just trying to understand and maybe just a point of clarification, you mentioned -- you talked about the impact of ethane rejection in the quarter. And then you mentioned sort of demand likely going up next quarter as certain plants maybe come back online. How do you really -- I mean, from a GPM perspective, I mean, how do you think about things kind of over the next year and evolving? We're still in ethane rejection, but should we think about this as being maybe one of the worst quarters for ethane rejection? Should it get a little better gradually? And how do you think about that as you figure -- the Williston Basin is a greater share of the volumes and it's richer gas. So I'm just trying to think about those dynamics.
Terry K. Spencer: That's kind of a mouthful in terms of question, but what I'll tell you is that I'll try to give you the kind of condensed answer. And that is, throughout 2015, we expect prices to stay relatively low. You'll see ethane prices at Belvieu probably in that low $0.20 a gallon range. So fundamentally, we're still going to be oversupplied, we're still going to reject ethane at pretty high levels. So we're going to continue to see this in the 2015 time frame, and we'll see it continue in the 2016. So we'll see this narrow spread environment. We're not going to be making a whole lot of money in terms of ethane optimization for the next 18 to 24 months. And certainly, we don't have that -- we don't -- we're not counting on it in our forward view. So ethane fundamentals, while we're seeing peak demand or strong demand of 1.2 -- 1.1 million to 1.2 million barrels per day, we're balancing the market with about 350,000 barrels per day of ethane rejection as an industry, okay? So it's all well and good, and you'll hear all these good things about the spread counts. But quite frankly, we're awash in ethane and having to reject it to balance it up. I see that -- those fundamentals continuing throughout 2015.
Operator: And gentlemen, it appears there are no further questions. I'd like to turn it back to you for any additional or closing comments.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you for joining us. As Terry mentioned, the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Analyst Conference is scheduled for Wednesday, December 3, in New York. An invitation was sent out in October. Please contact me if you've not received the invitation. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on February 23, followed by our conference call on February 24. We'll provide details on the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: And once again, that will conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste -  Terry K. Spencer - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Derek S. Reiners - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Robert F. Martinovich - Executive Vice President of Commercial Sheridan C. Swords - Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids of Oneok Partners gp, llc Wesley John Christensen - Senior Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead, sir.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, Shannon. And welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. On this conference call is Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review our financial results. Also with me and available to answer your questions are: Rob Martinovich, our Executive Vice President of Commercial; Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids; and Wes Christiansen, our Senior Vice President of Operations. On this morning's call, we will review our second quarter 2014 financial and operating results. I will expand on sequential variances comparing first quarter 2014 results, which were impacted by strong seasonal demand with the second quarter 2014 at the partnership. I will discuss our recently announced capital projects, which increased our capital growth program to a range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion. I'll expand on what I consider an incredible capital growth days we are entering. And then, we'll discuss our commitment to reducing natural gas flaring in North Dakota plus an NGL market and Conway-to-Mont Belvieu price differential update. Before we review our second quarter performance, I would like to briefly discuss our 2014 financial guidance. We remain confident that we will meet our 2014 financial guidance expectations and reaffirm guidance that both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. We will continue to review our expected performance as the year progresses and make any adjustments as appropriate. Now our second quarter performance. Operating income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK reflects higher natural gas volumes gathered, processed and sold. And higher natural gas liquids volumes sold in the natural gas gathering and processing segment as a result of recently completed capital growth projects. Second quarter 2014 results reflect the first quarter that ONEOK has operated as the pure-play general partner of ONEOK Partners. We remain committed to providing management and resources to ONEOK Partners to execute its growth strategies. Derek now will review ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners' financial highlights, and then I'll review our operating performance. Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, Terry, and good morning. Second quarter 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $62 million or $0.29 per diluted share. Income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK was approximately $70 million or $0.33 per diluted share compared with second quarter of 2013 income from continuing operations of approximately $75 million or $0.36 per diluted share. ONEOK is benefiting from its pure-play general partnership strategy, receiving $287 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners in the 6 months of 2014, a 9% increase from the same period last year. Cash flow available for dividends for the first 6 months was $341 million providing 1.45x coverage. We're reaffirming ONEOK's cash flow available for dividends guidance range of $560 million to $640 million. ONEOK increased its quarterly 2014 dividend $0.015 per share to $0.575 per share, effective for the second quarter of 2014, resulting in an annualized cash dividend of $2.36 -- excuse me, $2.30 per share. Moving onto ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners' second quarter income was approximately $214 million or $0.54 per unit compared with $202 million or $0.62 per unit in the second quarter of 2013. Distributable cash flow was $272 million for the second quarter, providing coverage of 1.02x. For the first 6 months of 2014, distributable cash flow was $570 million, providing 1.14x coverage compared with $445 million for the same period last year, providing coverage of 0.99x. Our long-term annual coverage ratio target still remains at 1.05x to 1.15x. We increased our second quarter 2014 distribution to $0.76 per unit, an increase of approximately 6% from our second quarter 2013 distribution of $0.72 per unit. We also reaffirmed ONEOK Partners' 2014 net income guidance range of $975 million to $1.075 billion. Its adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $1.565 billion to $1.665 billion, and its Bcf guidance range of $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion. The partnerships slightly increased its 2014 capital spending guidance by $85 million to $2.1 billion, primarily as a result of our recently announced Demicks Lake and Knox capital growth projects. In the gathering and processing segment, we've updated the margin estimate web model that can be found on the ONEOK Partners' website. This update improves the accuracy of estimating the net margin by adding an electric compression charge, which has become more significant with our Canadian Valley plant coming online and our growth in the Williston Basin. In the news release, you'll notice changes in our hedge percentages reflecting expected ramp-up of volumes in the second half of 2014. During the quarter, we issued 1.9 million common units through our aftermarket equity program and a total of $3 million common units in the first 6 months of 2014 compared with 681,000 common units issued in all of last year through the program. Additionally, in May, we completed a public offering of 13.9 million common units, which generated net proceeds of $730 million. We used the proceeds to repay commercial paper, fund our capital expenditures and for general partnership purposes. With this offering and excluding any potential acquisitions at the partnership, we don't expect to return to the overnight equity market again this year, based on our planned 2014 capital expenditure guidance. We have ample liquidity to support the partnership's ongoing capital growth program, including access to nearly $1.7 billion under our commercial paper program or credit facility as of June 30. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $278 million in cash and cash equivalents, no commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings outstanding on our credit facility, a long term debt-to-capitalization ratio of 51% and a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.4x. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek. At ONEOK Partners, the natural gas gathering and processing segment second quarter 2014 operating income was up 19% compared with the second quarter 2013, due to higher natural gas volumes gathered, processed and sold, and higher natural gas liquids volumes sold, as a result of recently completed capital growth projects and higher net realized commodity prices. From a sequential quarter comparison, operating income for the second quarter 2014 compared with the first quarter 2014 was up 10%, due to a $17 million increase, due to natural gas volume growth in the Williston Basin and Western Oklahoma, offset partially by a $9 million decrease in lower net realized prices and a $7 million decrease due to changes in contract mix. The segment's operating cost decreased $6 million sequentially, primarily due to the timing of materials and supplies costs. Volumes increased sequentially quarter-over-quarter. Natural gas gathered increased 10% and natural gas processed increased 14%. We have continued to see a significant ramp-up in natural gas volumes across our systems since February, and we expect to see this strong growth continue in the second half of 2014, especially in the Williston Basin as we connect more wells to our system and as we bring our Garden Creek II and III facilities into service. Natural gas liquids segment's second quarter 2014 income was up 11% compared with the second quarter 2013, due to higher margin volumes delivered from the Bakken NGL pipeline and from new plants connected in the Mid-Continent region. From a sequential quarter comparison, operating income following strong seasonal demand of the first quarter was down 10%, due to a $40 million decrease in optimization margins, primarily from narrower Conway-to-Mont Belvieu propane location price differentials. And a $15 million decrease in marketing margins due to lower propane margins, offset by a $34 million increase in exchange services margins, which resulted primarily from higher margin natural gas liquids volumes delivered from the Bakken NGL pipeline and increased volumes from new plants connected in the Midcontinent region, a $16 million increase in isomerization volumes due to wider iso-to-normal price differentials, and a $7 million increase in operational measurement gains. The segment's operating cost increased $11 million sequentially, primarily due to outside services and property taxes due to capital growth projects. Volume growth increased sequentially quarter-over-quarter. Natural gas liquids gathered increased 9% and natural gas liquids fractionated increased 10%. We expect natural gas liquids volumes to increase during the second half of the year as previously connected natural gas processing plants continue to ramp-up. Also, 6 of the 10 plus connections to new processing plants we planned for 2014 have been completed through July with the balance occurring by year end. During the fourth quarter, we expect to reach approximately 575,000 barrels per day, both for natural gas liquids gathered and fractionated. The segment's natural gas liquids volume was impacted in the first quarter of 2014 due to severe cold weather, which reduced supply deliveries to our systems. Ethane rejection also continues to impact volumes. The lower volume impact to the exchange services financial performance is partially offset by minimum volume commitments. Additionally, our Bakken NGL pipeline is now gathering approximately 40,000 barrels per day and will increase as our Garden Creek II and III plants come online. The Bakken barrel is our highest margin volume in the entire NGL system. The natural gas pipelines segment's second quarter 2014 income was up 14% compared with the second quarter 2013, due to higher natural gas transportation revenues related to increased rates on intrastate pipelines, and the higher contracted capacity and natural gas volumes transported in the natural gas pipelines segment. Sequentially, quarter-over-quarter, operating income following the strong seasonal demand over the first quarter was down 32%, due to a $6 million decrease in short-term natural gas storage services from reduced weather-driven demand in the second quarter of 2014. A $5 million decrease in park-and-loan services, also, as a result of reduced weather-driven demand in the second quarter of 2014. And a $9 million decrease related to lower net retained fuel, lower natural gas prices and lower contracted storage capacity. Equity earnings decreased $8 million sequentially, primarily due to decreased park-and-loan services on northern border pipeline compared with the higher weather-related demand in the first quarter 2014. On July 1, 2014, the North Dakota industrial commission, or NDIC, adopted an order drafted by the Department of Mineral Resources, which revised the state's rules for natural gas flaring. Earlier in the year, the NDIC also approved an industry goal to reduce natural gas flaring to 5% to 10% of total production by the fourth quarter 2020. We remain committed to being part of the solution to reduce natural gas flaring in North Dakota as we continue to invest in critical natural gas and the NGL infrastructure. This commitment was demonstrated by last week's joint announcement with North Dakota Governor, Jack Dalrymple, on the Demicks Lake Natural Gas Processing Facility and related infrastructure in North Dakota, which will bring the partnerships natural gas processing in the Williston basin to 1.1 billion cubic feet per day by the end of 2016, 10x the natural gas processing capacity we had in the region compared with 2010. Additionally, we expect to announce additional Williston Basin natural gas processing capacity by the end of this year, pending board approval. We are accelerating our capital growth program in the region as improved completion techniques and increased density drilling continues to drive higher production forecast. We also recently announced the Knox natural gas processing plant and related infrastructure in the crude oil and NGL-rich SCOOP play in South Central Oklahoma. This 200 million cubic feet per day plant will accommodate increased production at NGL-rich natural gas in the emerging SCOOP, where we have substantial acreage dedications. This will increase our Oklahoma natural gas processing capacity to 900 million cubic feet per day by the end of 2016. Now an update on our announced capital growth program. The Garden Creek II natural gas processing plant is mechanically complete and on budget, and we expect Garden Creek II to be operational and full by the end of August. As mentioned in last week's announcement, the Garden Creek III natural gas processing plant is ahead of schedule and expected to be completed in the fourth quarter 2014 versus the first quarter 2015. And by constructing additional fuel compression, we will be able to take advantage of additional processing capacity at our existing and planned Garden Creek and Stateline natural gas processing plants by a total of 100 million cubic feet per day by the fourth quarter 2015. The Sterling I and II pipeline reconfiguration was completed in July. And finally, our MB-3 fractionator and the Sage Creek NGL pipeline infrastructure are expected to be completed in the fourth quarter 2014. The news release incorrectly stated the Sage Creek NGL pipeline infrastructure completion was fourth quarter 2015. Our capital growth program is now at $7 billion to $7.5 billion, and we are entering into another incredible capital growth phase at the partnership, with the announcements of the Knox and Demicks Lake natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure, and the expected announcement of additional processing capacity in the Williston Basin pending board approval. Our announced capital growth program has approximately $3.2 billion to $3.7 billion remaining to spend between now and year end 2016 and our backlog remains at $3 billion to $4 billion. We are well-positioned in the Bakken Shale and the Williston Basin. The NGL-rich area of the Niobrara Shale and the Powder River Basin with our Sage Creek acquisition, which is progressing as planned. And in the Cana-Woodford and SCOOP plays in the Mid-Continent. Now a brief review of our outlook on the NGL markets and Conway-to-Mont Belvieu location price differential environment. Planned and unplanned ethylene plant outages plus expansion delays continue to constrain ethane frac-ing due to the decreased ethane demand and increased ethane rejection, estimated to be approximately 300,000 barrels per day industry-wide. Ethane inventories continue to build and could reach approximately 40 million barrels by the end of August. As a result, we expect Conway-to-Mont Belvieu ethane location price differentials will be in the $0.03 to $0.05 per gallon range in favor of Mont Belvieu for the balance of the year. Gulf Coast propane inventories are up approximately 24% over the 5-year average and Midwest inventories are 8% under the 5-year average. Propane exports continue to be strong, and we are seeing more propane buying in Conway in preparation for the fall and winter. And as a result, we expect propane location price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu to be in the minus $0.02 to plus $0.02 per gallon range for the balance of the year. Even in this narrow location price differential environment, our integrated assets have performed well, and we remain committed to our strategy of converting optimization margins to fee-based exchange services, which will continue to provide long-term value for our unitholders. Normally, I close by thanking all of the ONEOK employees whose professionalism and dedication allows us to create exceptional value for our investors and customers for which I am truly grateful. Today, I would like to focus on my friend and one of ONEOK's most valued employees, Dan Harrison. As most of you know, Dan passed away last week following courageous and tough battle with cancer with his family by his side. Throughout his fight, he was surrounded by his beloved wife and daughter, extended family, friends and his ONEOK and ONE Gas family. The outpouring of support for him and his family has been truly amazing. His dedication and passion for ONEOK, its employees and its stakeholders cannot be put into words. His contributions to this company and our employees are numerous. Dan led several functions for us, among which were Communications and Investor Relations, for which he had tremendous passion. How Dan was able to tell the ONEOK story to the investment community was truly best-in-class. I remember when Dan joined ONEOK in 2005, he immediately recognized that our employees and integrated assets and their history of creating exceptional value, he said "Made for a story that needed to be told." So under Dan's guidance, we traveled east and west and wherever he wanted to take us. Our stakeholders benefited from those efforts and this did not go unrecognized through our share in unit price. And by Dan's colleagues, as he was named to institutional Investor Relations Magazine's 2011 All-American Executive team. Even as Dan was battling cancer, he was instrumental in leading us through the separation from ONE Gas that we announced a little over a year ago. He provided me invaluable counsel and leadership, especially as I entered my new role as CEO. I and the entire ONEOK family will be forever grateful for Dan's leadership, tenacity, kindness, professionalism, passion and dedication to this organization. Dan leaves behind a wonderful legacy, in the way he was able to tell the ONEOK story to the investment community, and we will always honor this and all of his many contributions. Operator, we're ready for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first go to Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just starting off in the G&P business here, and if you can just talk a little bit about the returns profile that we should be looking for. I guess, and if you look at kind of the, whether it's your guidance or where the numbers are coming for the first half of the year, at least when we do the math, it looks like the returns are not up to 5 to 7x that you've been guiding us to. So, I guess, the ramp as the capital is deployed, as the volumes of ramp-up maybe just a little more help there in terms of how we should be thinking about that.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Ted. We still, in our view, still, the economic returns on these projects are still within that 5 to 7x in our view. But certainly, you do have to think about the impact of commodity prices over the course of the last 2 or 3 years, we have seen private prices come down, already has impacted returns somewhat, but we're still within that 5 to 7x range.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is it -- should we expect that in a year or a couple of years? Or what's the timing of when we think we hit the full run rate?
Terry K. Spencer: When we hit the full run rate?
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, exactly.
Terry K. Spencer: I mean, Ted, most of these plants, when we turn them on particularly Garden Creek II, Garden Creek III, and then the new process capacity that we've announced over the course of the last several months, we expect those to be full, pretty darn quick. Almost, as we start them up, they will be essentially full, day 1.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, great. And then if you can just talk about, again, sticking with the G&P business, it looks like you had a little bit of a sequential drop if I look at first quarter, second quarter versus first quarter in your equity NGL barrels. Is there anything behind that? Or was it kind of -- what was the driver there?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Ted. Rob will take...
Robert F. Martinovich: We started the Canadian Valley sort of that process in April, so as you're going through the startup there or you're going -- you're not running at full efficiencies, quite frankly, as volumes are coming on, and you're getting plants lined up, so that was the primary factor.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then last one for me. On the 2 new plants for Demicks Lake and Knox. I guess, are these contracts going to be similar to the other ones you've had where we should consider them mostly acreage dedications? Or you started bidding at minimum volume commitments or any sort of other financial backstops on any of these projects?
Terry K. Spencer: They'll be very similar to contracts in the past, the acreage dedications, DOP percentage plus deed [ph] components.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Maybe just to start, if I could, with the projects in the queue, you guys obviously continue to be active, continue to point to more projects coming in the Bakken, yet you're still kind of looking at this $3 billion to $4 billion of unannounced. So I assume new projects are kind of coming into sort of help backfill. And what I wonder is has there been any shift in characteristic as you're adding new projects to that potential backlog, is the first question. And the second is as you look at that $3 billion to $4 billion, is it possible to break down from just a rough zip code of percentage, how much of that is coming from either processing or commodity exposed infrastructure versus more fee-based infrastructure?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Carl, I'll take part of this question and then I'll have to let Rob follow up with it. But yes, the characterization of the projects that are coming in to the backlog as we continue to announce are not really no different than in the past. It's all gathering and processing, it's liquids-related infrastructure. And it's in, of course, our core regions, the Bakken. We have expectations for the Niobrara or the Powder River Basin as well. But really, it's more of the same I think, the mix of the projects too from a spending standpoint have been pretty well, in the past, have been pretty well, 50-50 gathering and processing and NGLs. And I'll let Rob speak to kind of to go -- to going forward his assessment.
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure, Carl. Step back and the only thing I'll add to what Terry said is certainly, what we're seeing in the Bakken, in the Mid-Continent Shale or some or the other shales is the newer wells are stronger than probably they were a few years ago. And so, with that, kind of, as an overall backdrop, certainly, what we're seeing is the opportunity for additional gathering and processing infrastructure in the areas be it the Bakken, the Niobrara, Oklahoma as we've demonstrated and then going forward, continuing in the Bakken. And then, from an NGL infrastructure, to support those liquids. So I'd say it's going to be, at the end of the day, maybe a little bit tilted towards the gathering and processing initially, but I think over time, it will works its way down to that 50-50.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, that's helpful. And then, also, if I could ask a question on the NGL volumes and this maybe more sort of geared towards the distribution lines, but noting that second quarter was relatively flat with first quarter, despite Sterling III having come online. And so I just want to get a better sense of the nuance there. Is that from more of the fact that just kind of the narrowed differential? Or was Sterling I and II, for all intents and purposes, down for the count for second quarter as it was finishing its reconfiguration work?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I'm going to let Sheridan handle that question, but the only comment I will make, my contribution is that our business is a very complicated business in terms of the way we operate it. And when Sheridan gets done talking to you about that, you'll have an even better appreciation of the complexity. Sheridan, take it away, please.
Sheridan C. Swords: Carl, you kind of hit it on the nose. Narrow spread differential is overall, that's what's driving it. As we see spreads or prices are more in favor of the Conway market, we are moving more of the barrels up through our system to Conway, which has taken barrels away from Sterling system, than we had seen in the previous quarter. So that's really overall what's driving our system, driving the flatness in the 2 quarters that paces that -- more is just going north to the higher Conway markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then last question, if I could. And this is really more on the NGL volumes gathered. And Terry, correct me if I'm wrong, I think you indicated that you guys were targeting a fourth quarter run rate in the $575 million range, did I hear that correct?
Terry K. Spencer: That's correct.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And so that number seems to be a little bit lower than what we were looking for initially back last December, and I just wanted to make sure I knew exactly what was driving that Delta. It was primarily just a timing of gas plants coming on? But also, I wanted to ask to the extent that you have any contract renewals at the tailgate of any of these plants, do you see any headwinds of any of those plants going a different direction and or they -- is there basically a volume at risk that we should be aware of?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Carl, I'm going to take the last part of that question. I'll let Sheridan handle the first part. But the last part of the question, no. We don't have concerns, but we do remain very sensitive to the market and extremely aware of our competitions out there. And so we've been very successful competing in our area and really don't see any vulnerabilities. The one contract that you've heard us talk about a number of times in the past calls is -- we had a contract at the beginning of the year that we terminated and that was a below market, very, very low margin contract that have been in place for a number of years. And so we terminated that contract. And that's, of course, has impacted our year-over-year volumes. We haven't forgotten the question already. I think Sheridan will handle the first part of it.
Sheridan C. Swords: Carl, as we look into the fourth quarter of this year and why we've changed our volume, it kind of comes down to a couple of things. And one is we are seeing more ethane rejection across our system and so that's having an impact on us as well. We're also seeing, as plants ramp-up, they're not ramping up quite as fast as we thought they would in certain parts of our system. But also, we are seeing some -- the volume that's not coming on is more weighted towards our lower margin volume and the volume that is coming on is more of a higher margin volume. So that's a little bit unfortunate for us that we're kind of having that mix, that there are higher-margin volumes are doing well, if not exceeding our expectations.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. Just kind of maybe this is somewhat big picture, but just trying to think about fractionation utilization across your system, both in Mont Belvieu and in the MidCon. And you continue to add a lot of processing capacity in and around your system, of course, a lot of it up in the Bakken. Now I'm just wondering, does that -- should we expect that, at some point, you'll need to add another fractionator to handle all that incremental volume coming off of all those plants?
Terry K. Spencer: Okay, Michael, I'm going to give you the short answer and then Sheridan may give you a much longer answer, but the short answer is, yes. Do you have anything to add to that, Sheridan?
Robert F. Martinovich: Michael, you hit it. As we bring more of these plants on, not just from our own plants or from other plants, we are looking forward to having more fractionation capacity coming online, trying to make sure we understand where the right place to put it in our system is to maximize utilization of the capacity that we have now and in the future on both our pipelines and our existing fracs. So yes, you will see if everything continues to progress, you will see more fracs come out.
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, one other tidbit of information, I think may be helpful is that when we look at frac utilization in an ethane rejection environment like we're in right now, you may see the total utilization percentage be well below 100%. And I'm talking about anybody that operates fracs here in the industry. It's a little bit misleading because what's not being utilized in an ethane rejection scenario is the front end of the frac. The back end of the frac may be very full, okay? And so that's one little phenomenon or a characteristic that you need to be aware of that I think will be helpful to you to take you, particularly as we're in this ethane rejection environment.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate it. And then back on the Sterling pipeline. Just sort of -- if you don't mind going over it again, so now that you've got I and II configured and III up and running, I mean, what's the best way for us to think about what's contracted versus what's available for optimization. Is III fully contracted or now you're using I and II for optimization, or just trying to get a feel for how those 3 lines now are going to interact.
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, I think the first thing you got to look at those 3 lines is working as one system. And so you have 3 different capacities that you can put the right mix of product on those lines. And with how we've configured today, we're also going to use one of those lines for raw feeds to move raw feed between the Mid-Continent and Mont Belvieu. So like when we're in certain situations where we have an ethane rejection, we don't have as much FEEP [ph] coming out of the Mid-Continent, we can put that on a smaller line and use one of the other lines for purity products or raw feed if that's what it dictates. So we'll be able to move product in between those lines to maximize capacities that we have going from Conway to Belvieu. So you kind of got to think them -- you got to think of them as a complete system, not as individual pipelines.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. My last question, just any updated thoughts you have on establishing a bigger footprint in the crude markets? Obviously, you've seen one Bakken crude line get that project -- get announced. Just not necessarily asking about that particular project, but just generally your thoughts in terms of getting into the crude side of the business more?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Michael. We still are engaged in that process and still would like to establish a footprint, where it makes good sense and where it makes economic sense. The Bakken continues to be an area that we're continually prospecting for opportunity. The fact of the matter is though as you look at the crude oil landscapes, not many people want to sell or divest their crude oil assets. So those are very valuable -- they're very valuable assets to the most midstream companies. So we continue to look for logistical opportunities, storage, terminalling, pipelines, that type of thing. But of course, we, again, have to continue to weigh those investments against our alternative investments in our core areas like our Bakken gathering and processing, our Mid-Continent gathering and processing, our Mont Belvieu, Gulf Coast NGL position. So we want to be in the crude business. We are very aggressively looking for those opportunities, but certainly, we're not going to do them at the expense of economic discipline. And in particular, at the expense of investments we're making in our core areas.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Edwards with Crdit Suisse.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to make sure I understood. You mentioned about reducing flaring in the Bakken down to, I think you said to 5% or maybe 5% to 10% level by 2020, and I'm just curious, your thoughts on how much capital do you think will be required to accomplish that in -- up in the Williston Basin there?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, certainly, we're going to -- it's going to take a lot of capital, as you can see. We have already announced our Demicks Lake processing plant and now we're telling you that we're going to announce, yet more capacity between now and the end of the year, pending board approval. Every time we announce these plants, they're now much larger plants than we built in the past. They're in that 200 million -- they're 200 million a day capacity range. And now, we've announced 2 of them in the last several months and you got -- from that, you've got a pretty good sense of what the capital is and the frequency associated therewith. We don't know exactly when the capacity is going to stop. That is what's happening that's making this challenging for us is that the increased density, the increased number of wells per spacing unit is increasing dramatically, seemingly quarter-by-quarter. And when you look at current density levels being at about 14, roughly 14 wells per spacing unit, that's compared to maybe 3, 4, 5 or 6 several months ago, that has a tremendous impact on your volume forecast. It makes it difficult to figure out where the top side of this thing can be. We have also heard, increased density to as many as 30-plus wells per spacing unit. Although, we've not assumed that in our economics. And certainly, we have a very large acreage dedication inventory, if you will. That is we got a lot of acres under dedication there. They're continuing to grow. So it makes that really challenging, John, I wish I could tell you an exact figure of what it's going to take to get to that point, because it may take more. If I gave you a number, I might determine 3 months from now, it's going to take a lot more. And certainly, that's a good problem to have for a midstream company.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So it sounds like you're capturing a very large share in this regard. I mean, would it fair -- and you've just announced these recent projects yet, and this is to Carl's question, you've not expanded your backlog under consideration, the $3 billion to $4 billion at all, but it sounds like potentially, there's upward pressure on that. Is that the right way to think about it?
Terry K. Spencer: Absolutely.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. So I guess, would it be safe to say this whole flaring issue you're talking many billions of dollars, and is it fair to say, you expect to get maybe half of that business, or just -- if you can just give us an idea share-wise how you think about it?
Terry K. Spencer: Sure. At least half, okay? When you look at the -- you look at our footprint within our footprint, we've got 5 million to 6 million acres that our asset footprint touches. We've got 3 million acres under dedication. When you look at kind of our share of the field within our reach, 50% is a pretty good number right now. And as we continue to put these larger processing plants in, that percentage will likely grow.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. All right, just -- and then just switching gears. I wanted to make sure I understood your comment about, what the optimization margin expectation is now. I mean, I think back at your Analyst Day, I think you're projecting for '14, I think it was something like $0.07 and...
Terry K. Spencer: That's correct.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And what's the expectation now?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, for the balance of the year, about $0.03 to $0.05 a gallon, on the ethane differential. As we look out further into 2015, 2016 timeframe, we're thinking $0.05 to $0.06, so we're tampering our thoughts on that a bit. So did that help you?
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, that's really helpful. And then just lastly, you're speaking, and again, I think this was Carl's question, but as far as, I guess, kind of the ramp on your volumes offset by margin, how -- in terms of the return on those -- on your projects, given how I think you said you're getting more at the heavy end of the barrel where the margin is higher, so is your overall return relatively unchanged? How should we think about that?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, as I said earlier, in the earlier question, our returns are still within that 5 to 7x. Commodity prices have affected that particularly with these POP contracts to some extent, but they're still within that -- they're still comfortably within that range. What's happening -- what effects returns as well as margin is volume, okay? And the volumes continued to perform. We continue to build incremental gathering facilities in addition to these plants at lower cost. So I think to some extent, we've offset some of that impact from commodity pricing, lower commodity pricing.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, so you're -- just because the volumes are ramping a little slower because of the mix, you're not really seeing significant return erosion? You're still within your...
Terry K. Spencer: We're still within that range. The other thing -- the other comment I'll make, John, is when we look at the returns on these gathering and processing investments in the Bakken, you got to remember too that we're bringing NGLs down, our NGL infrastructure, okay? And what happens is sometimes, we require -- it requires incremental capital to get those NGLs to market. And sometimes, for some periods of time, it won't. So the returns that you earn collectively when you combine the gathering and processing operation with the NGL investments, you get great returns. Do you follow me?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow-up on some of the volumetric questions you made during prepared remarks. Carl asked about the fourth quarter expectation on the frac side. I wanted to touch base really quickly on your hedge percentages for NGLs came down in the last update with no real change to the absolute hedge position, so obviously, it implies some higher numbers in the back half. Just wondering how that sort of dovetails with the full year guidance that you gave for gathering and process volumes. Did you take those, did I miss it or did those figures go up?
Terry K. Spencer: Chris, I'm going to let Rob take that question.
Robert F. Martinovich: Chris, yes, we are expecting, at this point, a stronger second half than we had a couple of months ago. We expect to, from a processing volume standpoint, beat our guidance. At this point in time. And so as a result, you did see the percentage hedge reduce.
Terry K. Spencer: And Chris, of course, obviously that percentage hedged is now in that 57% range on the NGLs, we will look for opportunities to hedge as we move through the back half of the year.
Robert F. Martinovich: Exactly.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Well, that also brings me to the next question, Terry. Which is how do you guys think given the NGL market today across all the products, clearly taking into account what you guys have said about the light end products in the past, but how do you think about sort of the window in the '15 or even beginning to look into '16, on any of that hedging behavior. Is that -- are you finding any opportunities that are attractive at this moment in time? Or is it just going to be sort of a real-time opportunistic behavior?
Terry K. Spencer: Chris, it'll be opportunistic. We don't have anything right now at this 10 seconds, but yes, certainly we're looking at it every day. Hard.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so, historically, Terry, thinking about how much you guys were hedging, is the general goal going forward is still sort of get up to those levels as we enter any given period of time? Or are you comfortable running a little bit less hedged now given your internal view of the market?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, we -- actually this -- as you move into the later part of the year, we get a little more comfortable with our volumes. And then so we -- so as we move into the year, our tendency -- or as we move through the year, our tendency would be to get more hedged, okay? But we're -- the market today has limited opportunities for us. And like I said -- but it can change in a hurry. And we'll continue to use this opportunistic strategy, which gravitates around a 75% hedged across the board strategy, okay? So -- and it's not -- that's not real prescriptive and hard and fast. We have at times gotten above the 75%. Like I said, as we move later into the year and get more confident in our volumes, so I hope that helps.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, it does, it does. I want to switch gears, really quickly, Terry, a lot of questions on infrastructure opportunities. And obviously, we've seen additional build-out in the Bakken. You alluded to some more potentially coming with board approval by the end of the year. And so I'm just curious how we think about NGL take away capacity from the basin? Clearly, you have the NGL line today and you're doing expansion on it, but as we think out beyond that, just remind me, does that system have the capacity be expanded further? Or would we -- would additional takeaway above this expansions entail an entirely new system?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Chris, the short answer is, yes. It is expandable. We've done some expansion and some expansion projects are underway. And if necessary, more to come. I'll let Sheridan talk, give you a little more color on how we would expand those facilities.
Sheridan C. Swords: Basically, the last expansion that we did--let me back up--the first expansion, you saw we put intermediate pump stations in. The next expansion, we started loops on the pipeline, so any further expansions of the pipeline will continue to extend a loop, meaning that we're laying a line right next to the original line and tying it in, that we need more capacity, we'll continue to extend those loops to be able to get the right amount of capacity on the Bakken Pipeline.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. So those adds sharing to be smaller in size, or just more incremental?
Sheridan C. Swords: Yes. The investment will be smaller in size than building a brand-new system. Now eventually, as you extend loops, you'll have a new system when you finish them all, but you do it incrementally, a little bit at a time.
Robert F. Martinovich: Just for -- from a numbers standpoint, were the pumps that Sheridan talked about gives us up to 135,000 barrels a day and that initial looping, up to 160,000.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: All right, okay. And then the final question, Sheridan, you have talked about reconfiguration of the Sterling systems. And I just want to confirm, I think, it was my belief Sterling I was the only one capable of going south to north. Is that accurate?
Sheridan C. Swords: That's correct.
Operator: We next move to Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just looking at your guidance for the year. There seems to be a strong ramp-up in second half '14 EBITDA. And I was wondering, if you could provide just a bit more granularity on what's driving the ramp on an asset basis, if that's possible with which projects? And what's the shape of that ramp could look like between 3Q and 4Q?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Jeremy, I'm just going to just tell you, the short answer, it's all about volume. And Rob will give you a whole lot more color than that, I'm sure.
Robert F. Martinovich: Let's start, I guess with -- from a pipe standpoint and just kind of go segment by segment, I mean, obviously, we had a great first quarter with regards to the maximizing our assets during the severe winter with regards to park-and-loan, as did our equity interest in northern border. And so we've been able to keep that and that segment has continued to perform well as noted in the second quarter, and we expect that to continue going forward the balance of the year. So we certainly expect to keep those gains. While G&P--while the rest of the industry got stung a little bit on the outset side of that severe weather from a volumetric standpoint, again, we're emphasizing on what we said earlier, the second half of the year with those facilities coming on early with the continued strong volumes that we're seeing in the Mid-Continent, that facilities coming on earlier in the Bakken, that's giving us pretty strong indications that overall, volumes for the year are going to be stronger than what we guided to. And as a result, that's where we're going to see the benefits in the second half of the year. And as -- so that's the G&P. So obviously, expecting both those to continue to perform strongly for the year. From an NGL standpoint, while volumes are down where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year, certainly, we don't want anyone lose sight of the great first quarter with regards to, again, maximizing our assets to get propane to the Midwest market and the other opportunities have to continue to come along. Isomerization spreads, certainly were strong this quarter. The guys are doing all the, as Terry alluded, very complicated business, but they're doing a lot of things, maximizing our system, again, to take us the opportunity where spreads are. So while volumes, overall are down, we do have some better margins that are accounted for in that volume being off, as well as some additional volumes are mitigated with take-or-pay or ship-or-pay contracts as well. So net-net, that kind of where we see the 3 segments with GMP and pipes being up and then NGL being slightly down, but overall, that's the reason that Terry commented that we are reaffirming guidance for the year.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. When thinking about future growth, CapEx potential, I was wondering how much of the opportunity set resides, kind of in your existing footprint in particular, the Bakken, the mid Conway, you keep having lots of nice projects materializing. And how much of a focus is there on expanding the platform into new basins or growing a position there such as the Niobrara or entering the Permian, just wondering if you could share your thoughts on that trade-off.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, we -- as we said before, we're continually looking for opportunity to expand our footprint work where it makes sense and where we can utilize, in particular, our existing assets to enhance any competitive advantage getting into those areas. So yes, we continued to look. The Permian, certainly, as I've said many times in the past, is an area of focus for us. Its a target-rich environment in terms of production and it's underserved in some areas. So yes, we're going to continue to expand or at least look to expand outside our footprint. The Niobrara, of course, is one as you've mentioned, one that where things are going very well for us. We continue to contract more and more acreage dedications and enhance our contractual footprint there and the capital spending is coming. So yes, that's kind of the -- that's kind of how we look at it. Yes, we really would like to have another platform, well it be like -- whether it's for crude oil as I've mentioned before or perhaps it's gathering and processing and NGLs and in another region, perhaps the Permian, certainly, that'd be very attractive to us.
Operator: Next we'll take Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: So piggybacking a little on Carl's initial growth CapEx question and a number of the others, despite the $1.1 billion of incremental growth CapEx announced in recent weeks and the implicit increase in unannounced backlog, you're not getting much respect this morning at OKS in the market. Can you give some color around the pace of the timing of this $3 billion to $4 billion of incremental announcements, besides, the Bakken processing that will likely be disclosed by year end?
Terry K. Spencer: Sure. I mean, I think, what we can tell you as far as that capital backlog, we haven't provided specific timing associated with it, but generally speaking, it takes a couple of years to build these -- most of these projects, these plants and these pipelines. So I think if I were trying to make a swag at it, in terms of timing associated with that capital, certainly most of it would be spent over the next couple of years.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. So you think most of that $3 billion to $4 billion would be announced in the next 6 to 9 months?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes. It would actually be announced -- well, yes, if you -- if it's going to spend -- if the spend rate is a couple of years, it takes you a couple of years to spend it, you're probably going to announce most of these projects in the next 12 months or so. But yes, I think that's fair.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. And Terry, expanding on your ethane commentary and John's optimization question, the roughly $0.05 spread in outlook for '15 and '16 seems much more sober than I think what you all were talking about just last quarter. I don't know if Sheridan wants to respond to this more, but while delays in downstream projects like isomer are, obviously, having a near-term impact, what exactly are the catalyst you're seeing out 1 to 2 years that are making it a little more sober?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, certainly, I just at a high-level, what I can tell you is supply. Growth continues to be very strong and it's coming actually from a lot of different areas like the Eagle Ford and the Marcellus. And of course, in our core areas, the supply continues to grow. So I can -- I'll let Sheridan provide you, perhaps a bit more color, at least his thoughts on that.
Sheridan C. Swords: Well, the other thing is, you have as is within '15, '16, you get in the end of '16 '17s, when the new big crackers come online. So you're kind of in this -- we think you're kind of in the situation you are today through those next 2 months -- next 2 years. Obviously, guys have heard some other plants that have been down longer than anticipated for both planned and unplanned outages have built ethane inventories higher than we anticipated at this time, and we think that's going to have a little bit of a drag into the next 2 years.
Terry K. Spencer: I think, its correct too, the other comments that I'll make is, there's been a lot of talk about ethane export facilities. And so, that the timing associated with those is not immediate. So they're still a year plus away. I think the other thing that you have working against you is the view, maybe that natural gas prices are going to stay fairly weak over this time frame, as well. So that will have a -- that will kind of have a drag down effect on your ethane prices.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. That makes some sense. And, Rob, I think you mentioned how the isomerization volumes were pretty good in the quarter, obviously, in the press release, there was some nice uptick in that margin. Do you see this as a seasonal optimization benefit or something that's really kind of a sustainable trend that we can see each year?
Robert F. Martinovich: I mean, historically, it's you would call it seasonal, Craig. I think there is some things as far as where that supply was coming from this year versus in past years, where it's been more focused on a Mid-Continent supply, so that's where we got the benefit from that standpoint.
Terry K. Spencer: Sheridan, you got anything to add?
Sheridan C. Swords: Yes, we're seeing a little bit more demand this year during the, what we call the driving season in the unleaded market. That is continuing over a period of time that we haven't seen in the past. Our customers are demanding more from us out of the Mid-Continent than they have in the past. And that could continue to go forward, but we don't -- it's still a seasonal spread opportunity asset.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Fair enough. And last question, I don't know if this is just beating Bakken growth into the ground, but the implicit guidance on well-connects, I think, is like 710 in the second half versus 590 in the first half and 560 last year for the second half, if I'm doing my math right. Do you see, I mean, when you talk to your producer customers, if you're able to stay ahead of their activity, do you see this growth trend continuing without any interruption? Is there a steady-state at some point in terms of total number per quarter that we should think about?
Robert F. Martinovich: Craig, I guess, certainly, we're into the period now where from a overall construction and specifically well-connects, July and August have historically been our industry's high watermarks. I mean, you're making a lot of hate now from that perspective. So those typically peak. And as you get into the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter, depending on whether, that tends to slow you down. So again, somewhere to the overall volume standpoint with the first quarter, severe weather that puts you a little bit behind where you thought, where you thought you might be. But at the end of the day, our well-connects aren't really ratable over the year because of just the seasons that we have. But overall, from a growth standpoint, again, when you, again, step-back from a growth, to support those volumes, they're going to be continued number of connects. Now obviously, as we go to the multi-well pads, you're laying one well in and as Terry said, as those number of wells per spacing unit continue to increase, you're going to benefit from that. But at the end of the day, the number of wells ultimately, that you're able to handle is going to continue to grow because that's supporting this ultimate volume growth that you're seeing from third parties that's just continuing to ramp up to the right pretty strong.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Helen Ryoo with Barclays.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions. Starting with the new Bakken project. It looks like the cost is like 80% of the plant is 80% higher than the Knox plant, although the related infrastructure cost is pretty much consistent and just wondering the higher construction cost for the plant, does this reflect maybe cost inflation in that area? And then as a follow-up to that is, if it's more expensive to build a G&P system up in Bakken versus other region, are midstream operators in general, able to charge more to compensate for the sort of the high-cost up there?
Terry K. Spencer: Helen, I'm going to let Wesley Christensen answer that question.
Wesley John Christensen: We have seen some upward pressure for cost for building plants and infrastructure in the Bakken area. It's primarily related to labor cost, that's have escalated in the area. As far as it goes with the equipment and supply associated with it, we're not seeing upward pressure as much on that, but we are seeing some scheduled impacts.
Robert F. Martinovich: And then, Helen, from a standpoint of margins, I mean, margins in the Bakken are stronger than the Mid-Continent. I don't want to say that, that's necessarily the reason for the cost that you charge more, but I mean, historically, they have been stronger.
Terry K. Spencer: I guess, one thing I'll add to this, Wes, you could add to it if you don't hear -- if you don't agree with what I'm saying. If you look at a plant, you build a 200 million a day plant in the Bakken versus a 200 million a day plant in Oklahoma, those are not the same plants, okay? The processing plant in the Bakken is designed to operate in extremely hostile conditions. And so, a lot of measures have to be taken in the design of that plant, okay? So I mean, that's a factor in the difference of some of these costs. And, of course, the richness of the gas is hugely significant in the design of these plants. It's basically, the NGL content sets the size of many of these towers that are used in the processing and facilities, so -- and the size of liquid pumps and what have you. Whether it's getting near to that.
Wesley John Christensen: That's true, Terry, that's true. And they're also -- there is additional infrastructure related to stabilizers and handling the inlet condensate because of the richness as well.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, it appears that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference over back to Mr. Eureste, for closing remarks.
T.D. Eureste: Thanks for joining us. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extends until earnings are released after market closes on November 4, followed by a conference call on November 5. We'll provide details in the conference call at a later date. I'll be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us and have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste -  Terry K. Spencer - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Derek S. Reiners - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Robert F. Martinovich - Executive Vice President of Commercial Sheridan C. Swords - Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids of Oneok Partners gp, llc Wesley John Christensen - Senior Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John K. Tysseland - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, and are covered by the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Security Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from the project -- from -- for those projected in these forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Starting our earnings conference call is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry K. Spencer: Thanks, T.D. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on the conference call today is Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review our financial results. Also with me and available to answer your questions are: Rob Martinovich, our Executive Vice President of Commercial; Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids; and Wes Christiansen, our Senior Vice President of Operations. On this morning's call, we will review our first quarter 2014 financial and operating results, we'll discuss the repositioning of ONEOK as a pure-play general partner, we'll discuss our increased project backlog and bring you up-to-date on our completed capital-growth projects, and then we'll review the NGL markets. Let's start with our first quarter performance. ONEOK's income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK was up more than 60%, and reflects higher operating results at ONEOK Partners from higher natural gas volumes gathered, processed and sold, wider natural gas liquids location and product price differentials, primarily related to increased seasonal demand for NGLs, and higher natural gas transportation and storage revenues due to increased park-and-loan services due to strong seasonal demand for natural gas in the Midwest. Today, we are reaffirming our 2014 financial guidance, both at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, but as is our practice, we will continue to review our expected performance as the year progresses and make any adjustments as appropriate. We also expect our natural gas liquids volumes to continue to increase during the year. I'll provide more color on that in a few minutes. This is our first quarter during which ONEOK operated as a pure-play general partner. Our primary purpose now is to provide the management and resources to ONEOK Partners to execute on its growth strategies, so that the Partnership can increase its distributions to unitholders, including ONEOK, enabling ONEOK to maximize its dividend payout to shareholders. In April, the Board approved a 40% increase, clearly demonstrating our commitment to pay out the majority of our cash in the form of dividends. We plan additional dividend increases in 2014, and expect an average dividend increase of 20% to 25% between 2013 and 2016. Derek now will review ONEOK Partners' and -- ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' financial highlights, including the one-time expenses and charges that we mentioned in our news release. And then I'll review our operating performance. Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, Terry, and good morning. First quarter of 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $94 million, or $0.45 per diluted share. Both the former natural gas distribution and energy services segments have been reclassified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK was approximately $92 million, or $0.44 per diluted share, compared with first quarter of 2013 income from continuing operations of approximately $57 million, or $0.27 per diluted share. First quarter 2014 net income was affected by onetime items reflected in continuing operations and discontinued operations, related to the separation of ONE Gas and the wind-down of the energy services segments as follows: Income from continuing operations includes net onetime benefits of $4 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, which includes a net increase in deferred income tax expense of $26 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, associated primarily with a reduction in ONEOK's estimated effective state income tax rate; and an after-tax expense of $22 million, or $0.11 per diluted share, as a result of the early retirement of debt. Income from discontinued operations includes net onetime benefits of $2 million, or $0.01 per diluted share, which includes $48 million of operating income from the former natural gas distribution segment in January; $15 million operating loss from energy services segment; $22 million in costs associated with the ONE Gas separation; and $9 million in other expenses, primarily interest and income taxes. As a reminder, our 2014 guidance assumed a January 1, 2014 effective date for the separation of the natural gas distribution segment into ONE Gas versus the actual January 31 date. We received approximately $61 million of cash flow from that segment in January and funded ONE Gas with $60 million on January 31. So the impact of the later separation date on our guidance for cash flow available for dividends was insignificant. In the first quarter of 2014, ONEOK received $141 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, an 8% increase over the first quarter of 2013. First quarter 2014 cash flow available for dividends was $211 million, providing 1.82x coverage. ONEOK increased its quarterly 2014 dividend, $0.16 per share to $0.56 per share, effective for the first quarter 2014, resulting in an annual -- an annualized cash dividend of $2.24 per share. During the first quarter, we deleveraged our balance sheet and reduced our credit facility to $300 million, supporting our pure-play general partner strategy. We used a one-time cash payment of approximately $1.13 billion received from ONE Gas in January to repay $600 million of commercial paper borrowings and repay early $552 million of senior notes. We do not anticipate any short-term borrowings going forward, and now have $1.1 billion of long-term debt, with the next scheduled maturity in 2022. And a clarification in our news release. A word was inadvertently dropped from the initial release in one paragraph regarding our 2014 dividend guidance. Our dividend declared in April of $0.56 per share represented a 40% increase, rather than a $0.40 increase. Now let's move on to ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners' first quarter net income was approximately $265 million, or $0.81 per unit, compared with $157 million, or $0.42 per unit in the first quarter of 2013. In the first quarter, distributable cash flow was $298 million, a 54% increase compared with the previous period, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.28x for the quarter. We increased our first quarter 2014 distribution to $0.745 per unit, an increase of 4% from our first quarter 2013 distribution of $0.715 per unit. In the news release, we provided some updates on our hedges, as we continue to hedge commodity risk when appropriate. At the end of the first quarter, the Partnership had $115 million in cash and cash equivalents; $125 million of commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings outstanding on our credit facility; a long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio of 55%; and a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.7x. During the quarter, we issued $57 million, or 1.1 million common units, through our at-the-market equity program, compared with 680,000 common units issued all of last year. We expect to continue to utilize this program to manage our equity issuances over time. We have ample liquidity to support the Partnership's ongoing capital growth program, including access to nearly $1.6 billion under our credit facility as of March 31. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek. At ONEOK Partners, the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment's first quarter operating income was up 78% due to higher natural gas volumes gathered, processed and sold, and higher natural gas liquids volumes sold as a result of recently completed capital-growth projects and higher realized natural gas liquids prices. The segment continues to grow natural gas volumes in the Williston and add well connections. Growth volume in the first quarter 2014 compared with the fourth quarter 2013 did increase slightly. However, natural gas volumes were affected by well freeze offs across our system due to severe cold weather. We have already seen a significant ramp-up in natural gas volumes across our system as the weather has improved since February. Our 2014 natural gas gathered and processed volume growth is heavily weighted towards the second half of 2014. As you know, we proactively hedge to mitigate our commodity exposure, created by our percent-of-proceeds contracts. Since we were approximately 70% hedged in the first quarter 2014, prices were less of a factor. The Natural Gas Liquid segment's first quarter results were 65% higher, due to significantly wider natural gas liquids location price differentials, related primarily to weather-related increased seasonal demand for propane. Midwest propane demand increased in the first quarter 2014 due to much colder-than-normal temperatures. And propane demand and prices were higher at the Mid-Continent market center in Conway, Kansas than they were in the Gulf Coast market center in Mont Belvieu, Texas. We were able to benefit from these market conditions because of the operational flexibility of our integrated assets, which enabled us to quickly respond to the needs of our customers. The severe cold weather temporarily affected our natural gas liquids supply deliveries into our systems. Natural gas liquids volumes gathered and fractionated were sequentially down for a second consecutive quarter, as a result of severely cold weather and the termination of a contract. While our natural gas liquids volumes were down sequentially, our fee-based exchange services revenue has increased each year, as our customers secure more capacity under long-term firm contracts. As I mentioned earlier, our natural gas liquids volume guidance is weighted more toward the second half of the year. We expect natural gas liquids volumes to increase during the remainder of the year, as weather-related conditions continue to improve, along with the continued ramp-up of previously connected natural gas processing plants. Also, 5 of the 10 connections to new processing plants we plan for 2014 have been completed through April, with the balance occurring between now and the end of the year. The Natural Gas Pipeline segment's first quarter 2014 results were significantly higher, up 53% due to increased rates and park-and-loan services as a result of strong weather-related seasonal demand. This level of park-and-loan activity was driven by strong Midwest weather-related demand, and clearly demonstrates the value of our market-connected natural gas pipeline assets, particularly during periods of peak demand. These assets primarily serve on-system customers, such as local natural gas distribution companies, electric generation facilities and large industrial customers -- or consumers, that is, that require natural gas to operate their business. In general, ONEOK Partners' natural gas pipeline customers need natural gas supply to run their businesses, regardless of location price differentials. As oil and liquids-rich natural gas development continues within our core areas, the need for midstream infrastructure grows. We are increasing our unannounced capital project backlog estimate to a range of $3 billion to $4 billion, from the previous range of $2 billion to $3 billion. This updated backlog does not include any potential acquisitions or the multibillion dollar crude oil pipeline project that we continue to discuss with producers in the Williston Basin. The backlog represents more of the same type of midstream projects that we continue to successfully develop and execute. This capital backlog reflects our continued commitment to serve our customers' needs in the Mid-Continent, Midwest and Gulf Coast regions and in particular, the Williston and Powder River Basins, where the majority of this incremental capital increase is targeted, and where producers continue to successfully develop acreage positions within our asset footprint. As we said previously, once we receive sufficient contractual commitments, we will announce these projects. Now an update on our announced capital growth program. In March, we completed approximately $1 billion of capital-growth projects on top of the almost $4 billion in previously completed projects and acquisitions since 2010. The recently completed projects include: The 550-mile Sterling III NGL pipeline that has the ability to transport up to 193,000 barrels per day of either unfractionated NGLs or NGL purity products from the Mid-Continent to the Texas Gulf Coast; the Canadian Valley plant, a 200 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing facility in the Cana-Woodford Shale of Oklahoma; and the Mont Belvieu ethane/propane spitter, a 40,000-barrel per day deethanizer. All of these completed projects will contribute to earnings during the remainder of 2014. Now a brief review of our outlook on the NGL markets. We still believe that ethane rejection by natural gas processing plants connected to our natural gas liquids system will continue through at least 2016, after which new worldscale ethylene production capacity is expected to begin coming online. We believe the propane location price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu will continue to widen, as Midwest inventories have been increasing more rapidly than Gulf Coast inventories. Current Midwest inventories are down 9% compared with last year, and 11% lower than the 5-year average, while current Gulf Coast inventories are down 36% compared with last year, and 14% below the 5-year average. The industry has experienced deep ethane rejection since late 2012, and has experienced some market disruption due to the extreme weather conditions. Our integrated assets have performed well in these extreme conditions, further demonstrating their value. In closing, I'd like to thank the employees of the new ONEOK, whose skills, experience, commitment and dedication allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day, and create exceptional value for our investors and customers. Our management team and Board appreciate their hard work and commitment to make our company successful. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ethan Bellamy with Baird.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Do you guys want to be in the ethane export business?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ethan, we do. And for us, it's still a bit early. We obviously have been listening to the enterprise's project updates, with respect to ethane exports. We've always been supportive of it. We've always believed that ethane exports in this industry will happen. The right time for us will be a function of our relationships with customers, developing international markets. But it's still a bit early for us. Certainly, it's something that we're -- that we consider, along with other export opportunities, particularly as it relates to propane and LPGs. But I guess, the short answer is yes.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. With respect -- something a little bit more granular. With respect to potential incremental restrictions on gas flaring in the Bakken, Williston, is that a risk or an opportunity for you guys? And is it changing your strategy at all there? Or are you just pedal to the metal in terms of construction activity?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, the flaring certainly creates a very high sense of urgency from our producers. And that in and of itself creates the opportunity. We are absolutely committed to reducing the flaring, building the infrastructure necessary to allow these producers to not only reduce their impact to the environment, but also enhance their sales revenues. So certainly, as the flaring continues in the Bakken, it is clearly creating opportunity for us. Ethan, let me just make one comment, going back to the ethane question, which, I think was a great question. With respect to ethane exports, our role does not necessarily have to be operating or managing export docks, okay? Our role could be on the upstream side, and most likely will be on the upstream side, providing that infrastructure -- transportation infrastructure, storage and fractionation infrastructure necessary to get that ethane to those facilities. So I just wanted to add that comment.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. From a perspective of OKE tax rate, can you give us any guidance over long-term, what we should expect there, current thinking?
Derek S. Reiners: Sure, Ethan. That -- I think what we have guided there is a 15% to 25% cash tax rate. As we look at 2014, we haven't -- a net operating loss it would be working off. But we expect to pay cash taxes beginning in 2015. Of course, that's all subject to any legislation that may come down, particularly as it relates to bonus depreciation.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you elaborate a little bit on that? I just want to make sure I understand that.
Derek S. Reiners: Sure. If bonus depreciation were enacted for 2014, say, then that would generate additional deductions for the unitholders. ONEOK, of course, being a large unit holder. And so that would provide those additional deductions, would push out further the cash taxes that we'd have to pay.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you quantify that? Is that low end of that range or...
Derek S. Reiners: No, I really can't. We've provided that 15% to 25%. It's a fairly difficult number to get to, as you think about the timing of projects coming on and capital spend and that sort of thing. That -- all those things influence the depreciation deduction at the unitholders. So I think we'll stick with that 15% to 25%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Terry, can we get a little more color, if possible, on the sequential drop in the NGL volumes? And I guess, what I'm trying to get at is, is how much of the impact came from the contract termination versus, perhaps, the well freeze-offs? Was that contract termination something that you had envisioned in the 2014 guidance? And I guess, do you still think the numbers that, perhaps, we discussed in December are still feasible to get to for the year?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, first of all, the impact from weather, as it relates to the Natural Gas, Liquids business, is about 5% to 10%, roughly. The contract that we've referenced, the termination of the contract, we're not going to talk and provide any details. We typically don't, as it relates to our relationships with our -- contractual relationships with the customers. So I can't comment on that. But what I can tell you about that contract is that it was a sizable contract, and that it was one of our very thin margin arrangements. So it was, I would say, out of the market. So that was the reason why that contract was terminated. As far as the last, I think...
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: It's just as far as being able to still make the guidance as far as the NGLs fractionated, gathered, et cetera for the year?
Terry K. Spencer: Absolutely. We have a number of things going on in that segment, supplies from new process and plant connections. We've got the Sterling III Pipeline, and that we're going to have 9 months of that. We got the impact from NGL supplies coming from our own affiliated processing plants. So we got a lot of things -- a lot of things happening, ramping up, back-end loading that financial performance. So that's kind of how we fill that gap.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Understood. And maybe then last question, if I could. Just shifting gears. Certainly, nice to see the growth in the unannounced backlog. I didn't know really, 2 things off of that. One, as you see more products going into the development evaluation, perhaps, even competitive bid phase, do you see any changes in the returns, perhaps, as more competition has come into the Williston Basin, for instance? So that's one question. And the second is, is there any sense of -- notwithstanding whatever shippers will find, but any sense of timing, if we're looking at things that are possible over the next 12, 18 months, or if these are much more back-end, 2-, 3-year type of baking horizons?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, first of all, from an economic performance perspective, these projects, we're still seeing these things come in, and at 5x to 7x. So we really don't -- because of the strength of our footprint, and in particular, in the Bakken, we haven't seen much pressure on the economics. From a timing standpoint, it runs the whole gambit [sic] [gamut]. I mean, we -- certainly, the projects that are more infrastructure-related, it is projects that are gathering upstream of our processing facilities in the Bakken. Those projects are going to happen faster. That is well-connect type projects. But the ones that will be longer lead time will be processing plants, large trunk lines, compression facilities. That type of thing will take more time. Infrastructure projects, like fractionators, will take longer time. Those will -- certainly, the construction period for fractionator's a couple of years. But -- so I hope that maybe that gives you a sense. We've not been real specific on the timing of our growth -- capital growth backlog, but hopefully, that gives you a sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Question on the nat gas pipelines. Given the strength that you guys saw in the segment, and given the low levels of supply out there in storage, did you guys have an opportunity to lengthen out average contract duration on the pipes or on the storage? Did that -- did market conditions tightening up and helping you on that front?
Robert F. Martinovich: Jeremy, hi. This is Rob. With regards to the -- our contract term, it's about -- it's pretty similar to what we talked about the last quarter, in that approximately 7- to 7.5-year timeframe. So, I mean, as renewals -- obviously, as renewals come up, they -- coming up all throughout the year, and so, well you certainly had some come up at, in the first quarter, but I -- it wasn't markedly different because at end of the day, as we stated in the release, and as Terry did, we don't see this as sustainable. And people recognize that.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. Okay. And then, just going back to the unannounced project backlog. I was wondering if you might be able to provide a little bit of color as far as which segments might seeing more of this backlog increase? And also, could this potentially include LPG exports or just any updated thoughts on that?
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure. I guess, Jeremy, with regards to the kind of the incremental, where Terry kind of focused in on was specifically in the Williston Basin and the Powder River Basin. So that would be the gathering, processing plant's infrastructure, and then appropriate connects from a standpoint -- of a liquids standpoint. But certainly, as you broaden out that, and look at the overall, kind of the $3 billion to $4 billion, excluding that incremental increase over the 2 to 3, those are exactly the type of things that we're talking about, that from G&P, but also get into the NGL functions, with regards to fracs, pipelines. And certainly, we're still evaluating export opportunities, both from a supply, as well as facilities themselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to dig in a little bit more on this $73 million pick up in the optimization revenues here. And it looks like -- can you guys talk a bit more about the -- I think it was propane location differentials versus ethane, and then maybe come back to some of your comments around the differences and where the -- we're seeing in storage for Gulf Coast versus Mid-Con, and how that impacts how you're thinking about the optimization opportunity going forward?
Terry K. Spencer: Sheridan?
Sheridan C. Swords: On the -- as we said, the $71 million as it relates a lot to propane, just by using our infrastructure, everything we're have, we were able to capture a portion of that Conway to Belvieu spread on some volume that helped us going forward. On the propane spreads between Conway and Belvieu going forward, we do believe that as export demand continues to be strong, and as we get -- as we're in the fill season in Conway that, that spread will widen out from where it is today. And on the ethane side, it's more crackers, more demand comes on this summer with Geismar and La Porte coming on that, that will also increase the demand in Belvieu for ethane, which will allow ethane spreads to widen as well.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I see. So you're thinking that spread -- because we obviously, had it reversed in the first quarter on propane, where Conway was higher. You're just thinking the Gulf Coast is going be higher-priced for both products? And just sure -- making sure I understand?
John K. Tysseland - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. From here forth, not from an average for the year, but from here forth, that, that will be there and it will widen a little bit from where it is today.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then, I was going to ask just about the -- any shifts that you're seeing and coming back to sort of the question on flaring on the contracts that you're going to sign in the Williston here for potential new processing plants, moving beyond maybe just acreage dedication, given that some minimum volumes, do you want to stick with sort of that POP contracts, would you rather do some more fee-based, given that you're probably going to see high demand, I would imagine, from your producer customers?
Sheridan C. Swords: Ted, we're going to stick with the current structure. I mean, what's that the market -- that's what the market wants. Those POP structures, with the fee-based flavor to them are what's working for us, what has worked for us. And we expect will continue to work for us, as we go on in the future.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a last one for me. Just -- you've increased the backlog, it sounds like, for OKS. And then, presumably that would then push through to higher cash flows and distributions, and then up to OKE. I'm just wondering if we can talk about, as you look out to '15 and '16, and your dividend growth guidance, maybe just focusing on OKE of 10%. Could we see that number notch higher as we bring these projects in?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes. I mean, potentially, you could. Certainly we -- as far as the -- our dividend strategy is certainly to be in line with our peer group.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, sorry, I did have one more, if I could ask. Just on the balance sheet for OKE. Any thoughts -- updated thoughts, now that you've closed the ONE Gas spend, in terms of where you want to target the leveraged metrics? Do you want to be investment grade there?
Derek S. Reiners: Yes, Ted. We'd sure like to be investment grade there. Of course, Moody's does have us there. S&P's got us a notch below. It's not critical to our strategy to be investment grade at OKE. But I think it'd be nice to have a differentiator for us to be there. Our leverage is going to be sub 2x, I think, as you look out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I wanted to circle back on basis. I mean, I probably ask you this every quarter, seemingly. But on the gas side, it did seem like the price realizations, given the level of hedging and the price of the hedging, suffered some basis disconnect again. I know we saw this in the third quarter, and you mentioned some Bakken issues that were resolved. And we saw them resolve in the fourth quarter. But curious with the first quarter, if that was weather-driven, if there was something else going on, if you could sort of help me understand how it might resolve itself as we move through the year?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I would say that certainly on the spot side or cash side of the business, the unhedged side, certainly, there were some realizations due to the weather -- some impacts due to weather, rather. But Rob, did you get -- anything you can add to...
Robert F. Martinovich: I don't think there's any -- any additional color on that, Terry.
Terry K. Spencer: I mean we've -- the prices -- the net realized prices stay pretty close to the same in-line, quarter-over-quarter. It's a function, Chris, of where you set the hedge prices at. And we set them at a price that -- that, I mean, we've got that clearly in our hedge tables. We set it at a low $4 price. That's reflected in this net realized price. It's -- as we -- our hedging policy, we target a 75% hedging level, okay? We don't try to pick prices as we move throughout the year, because we're not very good at picking prices. We try to exercise discipline and systematically hedge ourselves as we move through the year, regardless of where the prices trade. And so, they fall out where they fall out. I hope that helps.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Yes, just, I guess, given the hedge level, the price and then sort of what happened, certainly with gas pricing in the quarter, I would've thought -- we would've maybe seen a better aggregate realization. But I'll just dig in a little bit deeper on that off-line, Terry. I guess, switching real quick to Sterling III. Congrats on having that come in. I did notice in last night's release there were some very minor adjustments to some of these specs listed there, in terms of capacity -- expandable capacity, CapEx link, things like that. I was just wondering, if you could talk a little bit about those amendments, the implementation was a little bit delayed over the winter. Was it tied to that? And did you get any additional commitment to carry for that line? I think we were at about 75% before.
Terry K. Spencer: Rob? Take that one?
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure. With regards to the timing, it was weather. Weather got us at the tail end of the fourth quarter, and then the severe weather that we saw in the first quarter was the reason for the delay. With regards to the cost, we're still feeling good with regards to the -- where we've got that bracketed, where we just have. Obviously, there are some invoices still coming in on that, as we wrap up the payment. But at the end of the day, I don't think we're concerned with regards to where that CapEx is going.
Terry K. Spencer: Wes, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Wesley John Christensen: No, I agree with Rob's comments. I believe we're confident in our range.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess, just -- there was like an extra 10,000 barrels a day of sort of the expandable capacity. So is that just -- I -- and I realized it's very minor, but I was just curious, is that just better understanding of the project itself, or what would sort of change the scope on that upper end?
Terry K. Spencer: Sure. We can -- as we continue to look at that pipeline and where we position boosters and everything else like that, there's a potential that we can move the expandable capacity higher, as we continue to go forward. That's what you're seeing in that number.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. Final question for me, guys. Just realize 1Q was seemingly all about propane and propane spread. But we've seen consistently strong deltas on isobutane. And just wondering, Terry, if you can offer any commentary about the, sort of the ability to capture. I know you have an isom unit in the Mid-Con. And we're still seeing some nice premiums up there.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes. And I can assure you, it's running flat out. Sheridan, you got anything to add?
Sheridan C. Swords: I mean, yes, obviously we capture the spread in the isom unit, but also that demand up in Conway allows us to increase throughput on our door system as we deliver ISO into the refineries in the upper Midwest as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: [indiscernible] talked to today on their earnings release about an upsized frac, on new completion technology in the Cana-Woodford. Do you guys have exposure to them there as they ramp up drilling?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, we have lots of exposure to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: So picking up on Ted's question on spreads and Sheridan's comments about Geismer, and I think, a Lyondell plant expansion coming online in the summer. And Terry, your comments around changes in propane supply and demand creating some permanently expanding basis differentials. Can you put some more color on what exactly you all expect to see in terms of the Conway to Belvieu spreads? Are you still thinking the high single-digits? And how do you see ethane exports impacting this, going out a couple of years?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes. Well, let me -- I'll take this, and then Sheridan can kind of follow up with it. Yes, as we look -- as we move into the balance of the year, we see spreads widening out from where they currently are, particularly for ethane and propane. Both spreads, we expect to be in that $0.08 to $0.10 a gallon range, as we move through the balance of the year, driven by those very things that Sheridan mentioned earlier, stronger petrochemical demand, lower inventories. Inventories for ethane are coming down, and of course, the strong export demand for propane. So Sheridan, you got anything else to add to that?
Sheridan C. Swords: The only thing I'd add is your other question was on exports. That exports, obviously, that -- it's just like bringing on more demand in '16 that we didn't see. And it's not as dependent upon the big buildout of the crackers. So that's -- and in long-term helped ethane prices.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Right. No one has been modeling that up until now in their supply and demand picture. All right, and digging more into the expanded growth CapEx pipeline line of sight, can you elaborate on the capacity to expand into the Niobrara and specifically, to break into oil opportunities?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, we can, Craig. That footprint was a natural extension of our existing footprint. And it's connected by our NGL position. It's a great platform for us to get into a new basin, to participate in gathering and processing, as well as liquids. I think the opportunity for us to invest in the crude oil side of the business up there as well is there. So, yes. I mean, it's a great extension, and it is going to afford us lots of opportunity. I think the drilling results have been very good, and we're continuing to see a lot of development. We're having success at signing up new acreage packages to our facilities, and our expectation is for this asset footprint to be a big part of our business.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Sounds good. And last question I've got, on the credit side. The credit agencies kind of take a jaundiced view of assets that -- as cash flows trickle down, or in this case, trickle up to support debt, that's not at the entity that actually directly owns the asset. If it's just too tough to run up and down the escalator here, and you're just not going to get an S&P investment-grade credit, at a certain point, do you say to yourselves, "Well, given that we have such a strong balance sheet, should we think about this as dry powder?" And instead of worrying about keeping the, or achieving investment-grade, should we just think about maybe levering up, up to a comfortable point, to support a very economic ongoing expansion, be it acquisition or organic growth at OKS, or even temporarily at OKE?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Craig, certainty, that's something you could consider. But certainly not high on our list. Our strategy is very clear, to operate ONEOK as the, a pure-play holding company. We really don't have any plans on the horizon to make investments or to lever up OKE. The strategy of maximizing the cash dividend to our shareholders is top priority. And we won't operate with blinders on. We'll always be aware of opportunities that are out there. We'll have -- we'll be flexible. But as we sit today, this is our priority.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just one more follow-up on the increase in the backlog. What kind of changes to the mix of those projects are you seeing?
Terry K. Spencer: Rob?
Robert F. Martinovich: Hey John. Well, with regard to that incremental, it's going to be more weighted towards GNP, as Terry mentioned, from a processing opportunity, in both the Bakken and the Powder River basins.
John D. Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's something incremental. And are you seeing any changes to that underlying?
Robert F. Martinovich: The underlying? No. I mean, there's little things that float around, but pretty much that's staying within what we've previously thought the backlog would turn out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helen Ryoo with Barclays.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The -- on the optimization margin, the -- was there a change in the capacity you've allocated to the optimization business this quarter versus a year ago?
Terry K. Spencer: Sheridan, let me take this first part, and you can follow up with it. But we've -- Helen, we don't, and have not historically talked about our optimization capacity and optimization throughputs. So we won't change that now. Sheridan, have you got anything you want to say?
Sheridan C. Swords: The only thing I can say is that actually, we continue to try to turn that into fee-based. Return our optimization capacity into fee-based revenue.
Terry K. Spencer: And you certainly see that in the exchange revenue portion of our business as it continues to grow. So Helen, for competitive reasons, that's why.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, I understand. I -- Just directionally, I was wondering, I know you don't give out the actual capacity number, but just directionally, this quarter versus a year ago, whether there has been a significant change in how much optimization volume you were running or not. But I understand. And then just, I guess, related to this and maybe you won't be able to answer this, but I'll just throw it out. You just talked about how you expect the ethane and propane spread to widen going forward. And I guess, Sheridan kind of answered just now that despite sort of your outlook, you expect to have sort of more capacity allocated to the third-party business, rather than trying to keep a bit more optimization capacity than before. Am I understanding you correctly?
Terry K. Spencer: Absolutely. I mean, that's a well-defined strategy that we've employed for those -- for several years, and we'll continue to do so. We'll have some level of optimization capacity, I'm confident. But it will be greatly diminished from where it has been in the past.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just last one. Your Canadian Valley plant just came online in March. What do you see in terms of your volume ramp-up expectation there?
Terry K. Spencer: Rob?
Robert F. Martinovich: Hey Helen, this is Rob. It's doing very well. We're pushing capacity as we speak. We had a large tranche of gas that we had -- that we're offloading to several other facilities that we're bringing back on to our system, as well as we balanced our overall system. So we've got that benefit, plus just the continued strong growth that we've seen from our producers over the last couple of months. So it's doing very well, a very quick ramp-up.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In terms of when you see that plant filling up, is there sort of a rule of thumb we should think about?
Robert F. Martinovich: It's going to vary by area. I mean, this one ramped up -- we thought it would ramp up within 45 days, or be full effectively within 45 days. And we're there. Plants that we have in the Bakken, Garden Creek II that comes on in the third quarter, we expect also a very quick ramp-up on that because it's going to be waiting for processing capacity. When you get to Garden Creek III in the first quarter of next year, that's going to be a little bit slower ramp-up, just because of the short interval between those 2 plants coming online. So it really depends on the area and the volume.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Did you say full in 45 days after coming into service? I mean, the plants that fill up quickly, would fill up that quickly?
Robert F. Martinovich: If the gas is there, and we can bring it on, it definitely can. And that means both infrastructure-wise, as well as the gas available. And like I said, for Canadian Valley, we knew that was -- we had the opportunity to ramp it up very quickly because of the amount of gas that we were offloading to third-party processing facilities, as well as the pent up demand that we had on our system itself.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Just a quick follow-up. I noticed in the first quarter, on the G&P side, the equity NGL volumes at 18,000 a day seemed a little bit stronger than we were expecting, I guess, in part because of, some of the well freeze-offs. And I'm not sure if I'm looking at apples and oranges, but when we look, for instance, on a go-forward basis and the hedging profile and how much is sort of expected to be hedged, if you will, it kind of backs into sort of a go-forward number, close to the 13,000 to 15,000 barrels. I just didn't know if anything was going on in the first quarter that we should be aware of.
Robert F. Martinovich: No, there's really not, Carl. I mean, that just, I think is showing the growth that we've seen with regards to the Bakken plants coming online, Stateline II coming online last April, the 30% of Maysville that we now have, as well as just your continued ramp-up of volumes in each of our existing facilities, both in the Bakken and the Mid-Continent.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Rob, perhaps maybe a better way I should asked that question is, is as we look forward, is there any reason why those equity NGL volumes would be going back down?
Robert F. Martinovich: As we go forward, did they go back down? I guess, as you -- as Canadian Valley comes on, and you're rejecting more ethane, then that would tend to drive those volumes down.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speaker, T.D. Eureste, for any additional or closing remarks.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you for joining us. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on August 5, followed by a conference call on August 6. We'll provide details in the conference call at a later date. I'll be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you, and -- for joining us today, and have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: T.D. Eureste Terry K. Spencer - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derek S. Reiners - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Wesley John Christensen - Senior Vice President of Operations Sheridan C. Swords - Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids of Oneok Partners gp, llc
Analysts: Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to T.D. Eureste. Please go ahead.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Starting our earnings conference call is Terry Spencer, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Terry?
Terry K. Spencer: Thanks, T.D. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on the conference call today is Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review our financial results. Also with me, and available to answer your questions, are: Rob Martinovich, our Executive Vice President of Commercial; Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids and Wes Christensen, our Senior Vice President of Operations. On this morning's call, we will review our fourth quarter and year-end 2013 financial and operating results, bring you up-to-date on our current capital growth projects and review the NGL markets. We'll discuss my areas of focus as CEO and what's important to me, and we'll answer your questions. Let's start with our fourth quarter performance. ONEOK's fourth quarter performance was driven by continued volume growth in ONEOK Partners, with increases in natural gas gathered and processed and natural gas liquids gathered as a result of the capital growth projects we completed, offset by higher operating costs and one-time costs associated with the separation of our natural gas distribution business into ONE Gas. ONEOK Partners fourth quarter 2013 results were up as a result of the volume growth I just mentioned. Derek will now review ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners' financial highlights and then I'll review our operating performance. Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, Terry. ONEOK's fourth quarter net income was approximately $91 million or $0.43 per diluted share, including $22 million or $0.11 per diluted share of noncash charges related to the wind-down of the energy services segment and costs related to the separation of ONEOK's natural gas distribution business into ONE Gas. In the fourth quarter of 2013, energy services recorded a $5 million after-tax net noncash charge as we continued to release capacity contracts to wind down the business, and paid approximately $12 million related to previously released transportation and storage obligations. Also in the quarter, ONEOK incurred a noncash after-tax charge of approximately $10 million or $0.05 per diluted share and expenses of approximately $7 million after-tax or $0.03 per diluted share, both onetime items related to the separation. Excluding these onetime costs, ONEOK's fourth quarter 2013 net income would have been approximately $113 million or $0.54 per diluted share. ONEOK's 2013 net income was approximately $267 million or $1.27 per diluted share. These results include noncash after-tax charges of $87 million or $0.42 per diluted share associated with the energy services segment wind-down and the previously mentioned noncash after-tax charge of approximately $10 million or $0.05 per diluted share in after-tax expenses of approximately $9 million or $0.04 per diluted share, both related to the ONE Gas separation. The energy services charges for the year were $139 million on a pretax basis, and its cash payments related to the release contracts were approximately $18 million. We expect future cash payments associated with the released transportation and storage capacity from the wind-down to be approximately $80 million on an after-tax basis through 2023. 2014 cash payments are expected to be approximately $33 million on an after-tax basis, which is included in our 2014 financial guidance. In 2013, ONEOK received $536 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 23% increase over 2012. In connection with the ONE Gas separation, ONEOK received approximately $1.13 billion from ONE Gas in January of 2014, and used the proceeds to repay approximately $600 million of commercial paper borrowings, $150 million of senior notes through an early tender offer and exercised a make-whole call on $400 million of senior notes that we expect to repay in March 2014. Additionally, we reduced ONEOK's credit facility to $300 million from $1.2 billion, and terminated its commercial paper program. The future cash distributions received from ONEOK Partners are expected to be the principal source of cash for ONEOK to fund quarterly cash dividends. We are affirming ONEOK's 2014 guidance and expect cash flow available for dividends to be in the range of $560 million to $640 million, reflecting growth in cash distributions received from our general partner and limited partner interest in ONEOK Partners. Please refer to our earnings release and Investor Day materials for more information on our 2014 guidance. Now let's move on to ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners' fourth quarter net income was $228 million or $0.67 per unit and full-year 2013 net income was $804 million or $2.35 per unit. In the fourth quarter, distributable cash flow was $245 million, resulting in coverage ratio of 1.02x for the quarter and nearly $950 million for the year, resulting in a 1.03x coverage ratio. We increased the distribution by $0.005 per unit to $0.73 for the fourth quarter of 2013, an increase of 3% from the fourth quarter of 2012. In the earnings news release, we provided some updates on our hedges as we continue to hedge commodity risk when appropriate. At the end of the fourth quarter, the partnership had $135 million in cash and cash equivalents, no commercial paper or borrowings on our credit facility outstanding, long-term debt to capitalization ratio of 55%, and a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.0x. As a result of the debt and equity financings we completed in the second half of 2013, we began 2014 with $135 million of cash, full access to our credit facility that has been increased to $1.7 billion and our aftermarket equity program available to fund our ongoing capital program. With the ample liquidity, we are able to be opportunistic in the timing of putting in place permanent financing. We are affirming the partnership's 2014 financial guidance and expect the partnership's distributable cash flow to range from $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion. Please refer to the earnings release and our Investor Day material for a complete ONEOK Partners guidance, as mentioned earlier. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Let's start with our former natural gas distribution segment, whose fourth quarter 2013 earnings benefited from new rates, which were more than offset by higher operating costs and onetime charges related to the separation into ONE Gas. The energy services segment's fourth quarter 2013 operating loss was higher than the same quarter in 2012, and reflects the noncash charges related to the wind-down of the segment, which is expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter 2014. At ONEOK Partners, the natural gas gathering and processing segment's fourth quarter operating income was slightly lower. It benefited from higher natural gas volumes gathered and processed, offset by lower realized NGL product prices and higher operating costs and depreciation expense due to completed capital growth projects. Natural gas volumes gathered and processed continue to grow, driven by increased well connections in the Williston Basin as a result of more efficient drilling programs. While the absolute number of Williston Basin rigs has decreased, multi-well pad drilling has increased significantly. In addition, the quality of the producing acreage yields some of the highest returns in our producer's portfolios. Also, the transition to a manufacturing mode from exploration continues to accelerate. We expect to see continued drilling in the Williston Basin as more than 90% of the economics come from crude oil production. We connected 210 wells in the fourth quarter and 1,160 wells in 2013 compared with 940 wells in 2012. And we expect to connect approximately 1,300 wells to our Williston Basin and Mid-Continent gathering systems in 2014. We experienced extreme weather conditions in the Williston Basin and Mid-Continent in December that marginally affected our processed volumes, which increased by almost 25% in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared with the same period last year. We plan accordingly for these conditions and the loss of productivity during the winter months. ONEOK Partners natural gas liquids segment's fourth quarter results were higher due to increased NGL volumes gathered and more favorable NGL product price differentials. NGL exchange services margins and NGL volume gathered continue to grow, and we saw an increase in marketing margins compared with the same period in 2012. Our integrated NGL system enabled us to capture higher margins from more favorable NGL product price differentials. The NGL exchange services business will continue to see volume growth in the Williston Basin and Niobrara, not only from our natural gas processing plants but also from third-party plants connected to our system. This volume growth also is occurring in the Mid-Continent region through connections to our plants and other's. We expect 10-plus new natural gas processing plants to connect to our system in 2014. The partnership's natural gas pipeline segment's fourth quarter 2013 results were slightly higher compared with the same period in 2012. Equity earnings from Northern Border Pipeline were lower in the fourth quarter of 2013 due to reduced transportation rates that became effective January 1, 2013. Northern Border's long-haul transportation capacity continues to be the most cost advantaged provider from Western Canada and the Williston Basin. Substantially all of Northern Border's long-haul transportation capacity has been contracted through June 2015. Now an update on our capital growth projects. The MB-2 NGL fractionator at Mont Belvieu was placed in service in December 2013. The Sterling III Pipeline is expected to be completed in March 2014, with the flexibility to transport either unfractionated NGLs or NGL purity products from the Mid-Continent region to the Texas Gulf Coast. The Canadian Valley plant, a 200 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing facility in the Cana-Woodford Shale of Oklahoma is also expected to be completed in March 2014. And the Mont Belvieu ethane/propane splitter, a 40,000-barrel per day deethanizer, also is expected to be completed in March 2014. Now a brief review of our outlook on the NGL markets. We still believe that ethane rejection by natural gas processing plants connected to our NGL system will continue through much of 2016. After which, new worldscale ethylene production capacity is expected to begin coming online. The industry experienced a volatile propane market in January and February as a result of higher seasonal demand from late crop drying in the upper Midwest, followed by extensive and prolonged cold weather covering much of the U.S. and the decision by many NGL producers to access the traditionally higher-valued Mont Belvieu NGL markets, which had been bolstered by strong propane demand. These events led to a significant decline in Mid-Continent propane inventories in periods when the propane price at Conway was higher than at Mont Belvieu. This propane price volatility highlights the fact that much of the NGL industry's infrastructure is primarily designed to move products from the producing basins to the Gulf Coast markets. Our fully integrated NGL system, with its connectivity to major supply basins and market hubs has, on a limited basis, the flexibility to deliver certain NGL products between Conway and Mont Belvieu. While we don't comment on the specific operational actions we've taken, we did utilize the flexibility of our assets to help meet the Midwest propane demand. In closing, I'd like to make a few comments about my new role and areas of focus. ONEOK is a different company today than it was a month ago, following the separation of our natural gas distribution business into ONE Gas, but the talented, experienced and dedicated team of employees executing our growth plans remain the same. However, our vision for the future is different. As a pure-play general partner, we will provide the management and resources for ONEOK Partners to continue to grow so that ONEOK can continue to increase its dividend. We will maintain prudent financial strength and flexibility, while focusing on attracting, selecting and retaining a diverse group of employees to execute our growth strategy, which will not change. It goes without saying that I will focus on successfully executing our 2014 to 2016 strategic and financial plan that we shared with you all in December. We will continue to foster a culture that enables us to be successful as a company and as employees, with special emphasis on being more entrepreneurial, which means understanding how our customers view us and making sure it is how we want to be viewed. We need to be creative, fast-moving, responsive, committed to continuing to solve customers' problems and reducing the time it takes to get things done and satisfy our customers. We will maintain and continue to strengthen our strong commercial and operating capabilities and focus on developing new supplies and markets, either organically or through acquisitions, in our natural gas and natural gas liquids businesses, as well as develop a new growth platform in the energy value chain. We will continue to provide reliable energy and energy-related services in a safe and environmentally responsible manner to our stakeholders. We will continue to seek opportunities to acquire assets at ONEOK Partners that fit with the partnership's vision, while maintaining financial discipline to ensure they create exceptional value for our investors, as our internal growth projects do. And finally, we will continue executing our long-term growth objectives at ONEOK Partners to continue increasing distributions to the partnership's unitholders and giving ONEOK the flexibility or the ability, rather, to continue to increase dividends to its shareholders. As I have assumed the CEO role, I'd like to thank the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners boards for their support of, and confidence in, me. And in particular John Gibson, for his willingness to help prepare me for this new role through mentoring, guidance and encouragement, as well as the many other people who have helped me during my 30-plus year career in the energy industry. John has been an exceptional leader, trusted advisor and coach but more importantly, a good friend. He will continue to play an important role in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners through his new role as non-executive chairman. His accomplishments as our CEO are many but most easily summarized in his genuine desire to help people in a balanced and tireless approach to creating value for all of our stakeholders, employees, customers, communities and our investors. As employees, I think we'll all agree that ONEOK is a wonderful place to work due to John's many contributions over the years. And for all of our stakeholders, I look forward to continuing to build on the accomplishments of John and the leaders before him. I am honored and appreciative of the opportunity to lead this growing and dynamic company and its hard-working and dedicated employees. And I look forward to 2014 and the opportunities ahead. I'd also like to congratulate Pierce Norton and the 3,000 employees who now work for ONE Gas on the successful completion of the transaction, and thank the 2,000 employees of the new ONEOK, whose commitment, dedication, skills and experience allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day and create exceptional value for our investors and customers. Our entire management team appreciates their commitment and hard work to make our company successful. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I've got a micro question maybe on hedging and then, maybe more of a macro question. And just happened to notice that the NGL price realizations in the fourth quarter, for instance, were a little sequentially down from third quarter with the market, I think, sort of more advancing. I didn't know if that was basically just due to entering fourth quarter with, essentially, just a full-hedged profile. I just wanted to confirm that it was that versus say, for instance, perhaps wider structural basis being experienced?
Terry K. Spencer: Carl, you're correct, that's exactly right. We came into the quarter fully hedged, basically, and so the prices that were carried into the quarter, obviously, were slightly lower than where the actual market turned out for the quarter.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: No, understood. Appreciate that. And so as we look at say, for instance, fourth quarter and you all obviously ratcheted up prudently the hedging profile for 2014. Is that something that we should take as roughly equal through the year or is it something where again, maybe -- because there has been so much price volatility in the first quarter, should we be thinking that the first quarter is already fully hedged out at that same level? I just didn't know if there was maybe any additional color you could provide there.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Carl, I think that would be a true statement. We've been fairly levelly hedged throughout the year, so I think that's right.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then lastly, and I understand this may be more challenging to answer, given the volatility that we have seen in the first quarter. I didn't know if there was any additional color you could provide on optimization opportunities in the first quarter. I think there may be desire to look back on some prior years given how well the optimization had done in periods of volatility, by the same token, with the exchange services ramping, there would seem to be not quite the same exposure. And then with Sterling III kind of now coming in, in March, maybe there wasn't the same opportunity to, perhaps, capture those spreads. So I didn't know if there was any color you could provide as far as what the market should be expecting or not expecting given the volatility.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Carl, we can't give you -- we can't talk about first quarter financial performance, obviously, but what we can do is talk about what happened in the first quarter. What were the market responses, if you will. And really, what we saw in the first quarter was just unprecedented demand driven by going into the winter, obviously, with low inventories and an unusually cold winter. We've seen producers have an increased desire to move their production to Mont Belvieu, that -- I mean, obviously to take advantage of more attractive prices at Belvieu. So that all equated to what we saw, a shortage of propane. January, February, heavy demand. Coal has subsided, though, as we look at the market currently. Prices are now -- we got trading today back down below $1.20 a gallon and clearly, the market has demonstrated that it's getting the volume that it needs and at least as far as how it relates to ONEOK, certainly, we were able to utilize the flexibility of our assets to make sure the propane got to where it needed to go. And as far as we're aware, there are absolutely no customers that did without propane during this season. So that's really about all I can say. I think the propane demand will continue to be somewhat robust, as we move into the year, certainly, as we go into the fill season. We won't see prices back at these levels during the year. We will see prices certainly moderate. So I think 1 of the key things, too, that I'll say is that we'll see more propane supply come online during the year to satisfy the market -- market needs. So we feel pretty good about where we are with respect to the propane markets. Does that help you?
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: No -- it does, and I understand you can't talk about the first quarter at this point but I do appreciate all the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ted Durbin, Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I want to talk a little bit about, you've cited this favorable NGL product price differentials as being helpful to you. I'm just wondering if you can give us a little more commentary around that, is that just sort of a normal butane to isobutane spread, or where are you benefiting from the price differentials.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, I think, well -- as far as the location differentials, for the Conway to Belvieu, I think we've guided you to about $0.07 to $0.08 a gallon and so that's what we expect for the balance of the year. I think in the iso to normal spread, we're in that $0.10 to $0.15 a gallon range for the balance of the year. So I mean, compared to last year, we see significant improvement in that iso to normal spread, I think we averaged less than $0.05 last year. So this year, we are looking for some improvement.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, so it's really on the prices itself of iso to normal, it's fine. And then next question for me was just in the Bakken itself, the outlook here for -- the need for additional processing plants up there, how you're thinking about the contract structure if you were to go forward with that, maybe just talk about your plans in the Bakken.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Ted. Well, as far as the contract structures, we don't anticipate any changes at all. We continue to enter into acreage dedications with percent-of-proceeds contracts with a fee-based component. In certain areas where there might be heated competition, we may have to flex that percentage upward a bit but, for the most part, we've been able to stay pretty much in line with the historical percentages that have supported these -- the past capital investments for the future.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then how are the conversations going around the need for additional processing? Obviously, a lot of flaring going on up there.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, I mean, we continue to have a lot of flaring going on. We're doing a pretty good job up there keeping the flares in line. We're actually -- we're at about 30% flaring within our footprint. Even in the midst of just tremendous growth that we've experienced, producers have a very high sense of urgency to get these flares put out and to reduce the flaring levels. We've got a targeted expectation of around 10% to 15%, going from 30% to 10% to 15% over the next couple of years. So yes, a high sense of urgency and as a result, it's certainly increasing the need for more processing capacity and gathering systems.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then if I could just ask 1 more. The operating cost here, particularly in the gathering and processing segment, looks like they've continued to tick up pretty quickly. I'm just wondering if we should think of this as continuing to go up here as you add the new processing plant capacity, are there some maybe operational synergies that we should see as you bring on additional plants and you're able to do some shared services or whatnot, let's say, in the Bakken?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ted, yes. Some of our operating costs, and I'm going to let some of these other guys talk about this, but some of our operating costs are kind of more fixed. And so you're feeling that right now. Now as we load these plants up and fill that capacity, there will be less and less incremental operating cost to go against that revenue. So yes, I mean, we don't -- nothing here surprises us from an operating cost standpoint and so what I'm saying is, is on a per unit basis, we'll see those operating cost continue to drop as we fill these plants.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet, JPMorgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was just wondering, after the OGS spin, if you could provide any updated thoughts on -- does this change ONEOK's appetite for strategic or transformational acquisitions? Just any thoughts you have on M&A would be great.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, I'd be glad to. Certainly, as I said in my remarks, ONEOK is a different company today. And our strategy certainly, in terms of maximizing the dividend, is to do of course, in fact, that and to operate this company as more of a holding company. And our strategy is for our M&A opportunities to be done at ONEOK Partners. And so I don't see ONEOK considering M&A opportunities that we can't keep blinders on. We can't ignore the fact that we've got a great currency at ONEOK, but as we sit today, our strategy is pretty straightforward. And at this point in time, I don't have any intentions of pursuing M&A opportunities at the OKE level.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And I was just wondering if you might be able to provide a little bit of color as far as CapEx timing throughout the year. It seems like there's a lot of projects that could be coming out early in the year. Is that CapEx more weighted towards the front end?
Terry K. Spencer: Actually, for 2014, our CapEx spend is going to be weighted more toward the back end. Those projects that are coming online early in 2014, their capital spend is winding down of course, but then we've got other projects that are coming online during the year and that will heavily weigh the capital towards the back end.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ethan Bellamy, Baird.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: How is the Sage acquisition tracking versus to your expectations at the time of purchase?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, the acquisition actually is going very well. We're having considerable success at signing up new acreage dedications from producers. We've generated a lot of interest. Certainly, as you'll recall, as we've said many times before, this is a significantly underserved basin which fits well for us, having the ability to not just gather and process gas but, as importantly, transport natural gas liquids out of this basin. So because of that flexibility, we're able to generate a lot of interest in and have a lot of success at signing up customers. So it's going very well.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's good to hear. With respect to your 2014 guidance, can you give us the delta that you would expect from -- if you did not reject ethane this year?
Terry K. Spencer: We actually have not provided that level of detail. So I can't really comment on that. So that's about all I got to say about that. It's only I can't say anything.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: All right. What impact, if any, has there been, positive or negative, on the timing or the amount of maintenance capital spending due to weather?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, good question. There really has not been that much impact from weather as it relates to the maintenance capital spending. The weather's occurred over such a very short period of time, so it really hasn't impacted us. I think we've probably been more impacted by our decisions as it relates to discretional capital spending. So there is a tranche within all of our maintenance capital budgets of discretional spending that we may choose from time to time during the year to do or not do. And we had some of that this year, and that's one of the reasons why our maintenance capital is lower.
Ethan H. Bellamy - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Last question. Should we be worried about any issues with natural gas pipeline volumes and just maybe Northern Border or anything long-term? Obviously, that's been a big question for the industry.
Terry K. Spencer: Really, as it relates to our assets, all of our assets, including Northern Border, are market connected, direct-market connected. And they don't really -- they aren't really exposed to the classic basis spreads that you might see from other pipelines that are kind of more hub-connected. So the end-user customers have to have the gas. They've got to have the gas and, in many cases, they don't have economic alternatives. So in that scenario, they need the service. So from a re-contracting standpoint, we really don't anticipate any problems. In particular, in the case of Border, it's a very low-cost provider, so it's extremely competitive in the marketplace, as are the rest of our assets. So they're very well-connected, they meet specific customer needs. So when we get to the point in time where we renew contracts, we generally don't have any problem renewing them, certainly, as long as the rates and the fees we charge for the services are fair. From a macro perspective, our typical contract life is about 7 years across all our inter-states and intra-states. So we're really in pretty good shape.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies and Co.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I was just hoping to hit real quickly on a couple of points. Carl had asked about the NGL price realizations, I was curious if you could add some color to what happened on the condensate front. Seemed like a very similar sort of step-down. We obviously saw natural gas do sort of a similar head fake last quarter and you explained it was related to some acute issues in the Bakken. I was just curious if you could comment on the condensate front.
Terry K. Spencer: I think some of it's the same as what you -- what I indicated to Carl, but I think, in particular, why you see a lower condensate price is in that realized price, we have transportation cost that are netted out. Okay? And so in the case of condensate, we'll see anywhere from a $10 to $15 a barrel transportation charge applied to that net realized price. So that's why you can't get that price to really correlate to the WTI posting. Does that help you?
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it. Yes, it does. That's very helpful. And then I guess, 1 comment obviously, a lot of commentary about what NGL pricing supply and demand trends have meant for the ONEOK assets and sort of responded to the market. I was wondering, within that, given the strong propane price particularly in Conway in 4Q and thus far in 1Q, what have you seen ethane rejection wide across the system? Does that sort of create a corresponding desire to recover more in order to boost up the propane yield? Can you comment about that?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Chris, that's a great question. We really have actually not seen that. We've actually seen a slight, ever so slight, increase in the amount that we're rejecting, actually. Part of it is from new supplies that we're connecting that are not recovering ethane. So our impact from ethane rejection, actually, is slightly higher. Do you understand what I'm saying? We haven't seen ethane come off but what we've seen is, from the new supplies that we've connected, they're not coming out of the box recovering ethane.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Understood. So on a total basis, the implied rejection number then ticks up.
Terry K. Spencer: Correct. That's correct.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then I guess, a final question for me. Can you give a little bit of color around the delay for Sterling III, sort of, I know you still had, at least in the last press release, some capital to deploy on that, you were saying March in-service. Just an update on that and update real quickly on the outage you had at the Belvieu frac and -- I think that was a planned outage in January, just if everything went sort of to plan on that. And then a reminder on Sterling I, just the size of that pipe.
Terry K. Spencer: Chris, we'd be glad to do that. I'm going to let Wes Christensen take that Sterling III and Mont Belvieu frac question.
Wesley John Christensen: Sure. The Sterling III pipeline construction was primarily delayed due to the weather conditions we had, from both rain and snow hindered the construction during the primary [indiscernible]. In the Mont Belvieu area, we took a -- we started in the east to up. It gave us capacity, it allowed us to take a scheduled outage for maybe 1 complete planned maintenance.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A little difficult to hear but I'll look for the transcript for full details.
Operator: Our next question will come from Helen Ryoo, Barclays Capital.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Terry, I appreciate your color on the NGL market and I realized that it's difficult for you to comment on Q1, but just so that I understand in general how your optimization business works. Are you limited by your physical capacity to move products from 1 hub to the other or does some part of your optimization business entail barrel exchanges and, therefore, you're not limited by actual -- the amount of barrels you have to move around?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, it's a combination of all those things, Helen. We are, in fact, affected by and limited, not just by the capacity of the pipelines themselves, as we have multiple diameter pipes between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast. The other thing that affects us to capacity is the type of product, what products you're actually moving and to where. So that can affect you as well. The heavier the barrel, the more difficult it is to pump those barrels, it requires more horsepower per mile. So that will affect you as well. And we had extreme demand and certainly, when you have periods of extreme demand, you may or may not be able to meet, on an hourly basis, the delivery rates that are required. So we did have some of that.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And does it matter, in general, which hub has a higher price, let's say, like in this quarter, Conway propane's so much higher than Belvieu but in the past, it was always the other way around. Does it matter which hub has a higher price? Or as long as there is a decent spread, I mean, is it the absolute level of spread that matters more?
Terry K. Spencer: Helen, I'm going to let our resident expert, Sheridan Swords, answer that question.
Sheridan C. Swords: Helen, I think the answer is, is that our systems are designed to move barrels from Conway to Belvieu because as you've said, historically, that's been a higher price. So it's actually more advantageous for us most of the time if Belvieu was higher than Conway.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But I guess, given that you have these projects coming online, I mean, with Sterling I and II having bi-directional capability, does that change the ability or not really?
Sheridan C. Swords: Actually, only Sterling I has bi-directional capabilities. So you are limited, even if that was the choice to do that, you would be limited by that capacity.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Got it, got it. That's helpful. And then just switching on to your comment on these 10 more -- 10-plus processing plants that are being connected to your system during 2014, are these plants like solely connected to your system. Are you guys the sole sort of NGL take-away solutions for these new plants or are they connected to, I guess, other third-party lines?
Sheridan C. Swords: These plants will be solely connected to our system.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just lastly, what's the size of the ATM program you have in place?
Derek S. Reiners: It's a $300 million program.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Have you used any of that?
Derek S. Reiners: We have. We've used a little bit during 2013, we just kicked that off during 2013. I think I said in the last quarter of March that we expect to use that a bit more heavily in 2014.
Operator: Our next question will come from Becca Followill, U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about your expectations, whether or not there's any changes in your expected volume growth in the NGL segment for gathered volumes to be up 13% and frac volumes to be up 8%, given that volumes were down sequentially and that 2013 came in a little bit below guidance?
Sheridan C. Swords: I think the answer to your question is that, that fractionated volumes are down because we frac some barrels that we don't gather, especially coming off of OPPL. So we saw a bigger decrease in volume coming off of OPPL. We continue to think that we will meet our guidance for 2014 with the new plants that are coming on, which most of them we will be gathering as well.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: And then can you discuss on those 10 plants that are coming online, what's the capacity of the those plants?
Sheridan C. Swords: They range from 50 million to over 200 million.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: But in total, do you have that capacity?
Sheridan C. Swords: Becca, I don't have them off the top of my head right now, what they all total up to be.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: And then last question is, you guys have a meaningful storage position in the Mid-Continent area to store LPGs. Can you talk a little bit about how this winter's shortfall or extreme conditions have impacted producers' decisions to maybe contract down the road? Is that storage normally full? What happens to rates as a result of this?
Sheridan C. Swords: The storage season -- Becca, the storage season that we're coming into usually starts about March when we start re-contracting, and that goes through April. It's kind of the season for the next year of re-contracting. So we will see as we get into that time period if this winter has changed the appetite of the end users on the propane side for more or less storage.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: So it's just too early to tell at this point?
Sheridan C. Swords: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Shere, Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: So kind of a follow-up question here. Given your existing contracts structure and the capacity of existing Sterling pipelines, I and II, does the capacity to take advantage of the bi-directional nature of Sterling I, in other words, reverse-flow north, increase when Sterling III comes online?
Terry K. Spencer: Sheridan?
Sheridan C. Swords: No, it does not.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And can you provide some color around trends in bundled NGL services from the Bakken down to Belvieu, maybe something directional, though not absolute in nature as a response, like the proportion of -- that such business represents at contracted capacity that's on the Bakken NGL line now or, say, on the Sterling lines now down to Belvieu.
Terry K. Spencer: Craig, I'm going to take this question at a high-level, then Sheridan can kind of clean it up but the barrels that we move out of the Bakken, you understand, originate from our own processing plants. Our third-party volumes will grow. So we've contracted those volumes at competitive rates. That business, because it is some of the longest haul business that we've got, that is, those barrels are the farthest away, we move those barrels through multiple pipes and fractionation facilities. Those will be some of the highest per-unit margin barrels that we move. So from a revenue standpoint, much like the margin we generate in the Bakken, these will be some of the highest-margin barrels and most valuable barrels yet the volumes are going to be, relatively speaking, small. So to get to your question, they're not going to take up a whole lot of capacity in the downstream infrastructure relative to movement, say, out of the Mid-Continent or other parts of our system. Sheridan, anything?
Sheridan C. Swords: I don't have anything to add to that.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: So just as a follow-up. I think historically, 1 of the concerns the market has had is that on the optimization revenue, it was always a little unclear, for commercial proprietary reasons, what was available and obviously no one knew the future and so there wasn't much of a multiple put on those types of revenues and of course, you didn't distribute them when you got windfalls. But to the degree you're able, over time, to make this a little more of a bundled, less volatile, more bundled fee-based type business as far as these spreads between basins or hubs then, obviously, you should get more of a multiple on that. Are you saying that, though the Bakken margins are very high, that it's never going to substantially de-risk some of these basis points?
Terry K. Spencer: Okay, Craig, let me try and address your question this way. We have had, for some time, and we've been very open about this, a strategy to reduce our exposure to that Conway to Belvieu spread, i.e., our optimization business. We've been very successful in doing that, in contracting that capacity under fee-based contracts. And I guess, included in some of that is that the Bakken barrels move through some of that capacity. What's happened during 2013 is the ethane rejection created some available capacity that we wouldn't otherwise have. So as a result, we took advantage of that available capacity and captured whatever spread was there, okay? So generally speaking, I mean, we are making very good headway with taking that volatility out and our associated dependence on that spread.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And there's still a market for long-term contracting regardless of the level you have currently in the very high-single digits, maybe upwards of $0.10, in Belvieu and Conway?
Terry K. Spencer: Sheridan's looking at me, I'll let him handle that question.
Sheridan C. Swords: I think the answer to your question is, as we look at our bundled service, if we have a customer that wants to go down the Mont Belvieu, it all comes down to where they're located out on our system to determine what the rate's going to be and what the competitive position they're in at that time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, there appears to be no further questions in queue.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you for joining us. Our quiet period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extends until earnings are released after market closes on May 6, followed by a conference call on May 7. We'll provide details of the conference call at a later date. I'll be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, that will conclude our call for today. Thank you, all, for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Ziola - Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications John W. Gibson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Derek S. Reiners - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Terry K. Spencer - President and Director Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President of Commercial
Analysts: Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew J. Ziola: Thank you very much, and welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Before we begin, a brief announcement. The ONEOK, ONEOK Partners and ONE Gas Investor Day is scheduled for Tuesday, December 3, in New York. A Save the Date notice was sent last week, and we'll be following up with webcast information in a couple of weeks. With that, our first speaker is John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John W. Gibson: Thanks, Andrew. Thank you. Good morning. And many thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on the call today are Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer; and Terry Spencer, our President. Also on the call and available to answer your questions are Pierce Norton, our Executive Vice President of Commercial; and Rob Martinovich, our Executive Vice President of Operations. On this morning's call, we will review our third quarter 2013 financial results, review our updated 2013 guidance ranges, discuss the acquisition of the Sage Creek assets, and discuss the current status and key milestones of the ONE Gas separation. So let's get started with our third quarter performance. ONEOK's third quarter performance was driven by continued volume growth in ONEOK Partners with volume increases in natural gas gathered and processed and natural gas liquids gathered as a result of the growth projects that we've completed. At ONEOK Partners, our NGL exchange-services margins increased compared with the same period in 2012 as we continued to execute our strategy to convert capacity held for optimization activities to fee-based contracts. As a result and as expected, our optimization margins declined as a result of this reduced capacity and the expected tighter NGL price differentials experienced between Mont Belvieu and Conway. Also, as anticipated, ethane rejection had some impact on our third quarter results. However it was less than $11 million and does not include the positive impact of minimum volume obligation. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment performed well during the quarter benefiting from new rates in all 3 of the states it serves. Energy Services' results were a bit higher than expected due to release and/or the assignment of certain transportation and storage contracts at higher rates than we initially assumed. As we typically do this time of the year, we have updated our net income guidance range for ONEOK and net income and distributable cash flow range for ONEOK Partners. As Andrew mentioned, at our Investor Day in New York on December 3, we intend to provide 2014 guidance and updated 3-year financial forecasts for ONEOK, ONEOK Partners and ONE Gas. At this time, Derek will now review ONEOK's financial highlights, followed by Terry, who will review ONEOK's operating performance. Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John, and good morning. ONEOK's third quarter net income was approximately $62 million or $0.30 per diluted share, including a noncash charge, as expected, from the release of transportation capacity related to the accelerated wind-down of the Energy Services segment. ONEOK's net income in the third quarter 2013 would have been approximately $73 million or $0.35 per diluted share excluding the impact of the noncash charge compared with $65 million or $0.31 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2012. In the third quarter of 2013, Energy Services recorded a $16 million pretax noncash charge, which, for the 9-month 2013 period, totaled $130 million related to the capacity releases executed in 2013 for certain transportation and storage contracts. These charges were lower than we initially estimated as we received higher rates on some contracts compared with our original estimates. During the third quarter 2013, the segment paid approximately $6 million in cash related to these obligations. We expect future cash payments associated with the released transportation and storage capacity from the wind-down to total approximately $89 million on an after-tax basis with approximately $8 million to be paid in the fourth quarter of 2013, $33 million in 2014, $24 million in 2015 and $24 million over the period 2016 through 2023. In the first 9 months of 2013, ONEOK received approximately $397 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 27% increase from the same period last year. ONEOK's year-to-date 2013 standalone cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded standalone capital expenditures and dividend payments by $117 million. In October, we declared a dividend of $0.38 per share, unchanged from the previous quarter. As John mentioned, we did update ONEOK's 2013 net income guidance range, now expected to be in the range of $245 million to $275 million compared with $235 million to $285 million. The midpoint remains the same, reflecting the lower than anticipated noncash charges in the Energy Services business, offset by lower than anticipated earnings in the partnership's Natural Gas Liquids segment. ONEOK's balance sheet and liquidity position remains solid. At the end of the third quarter on a standalone basis, we had $515 million of commercial paper outstanding, $57 million of cash and cash equivalents, and $683 million available under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. Our standalone long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio was 44%. At ONEOK's Investor Day, we will provide new dividend growth rate expectations at ONEOK. And as previously discussed, we expect the growth in ONEOK's dividend to be competitive with its pure-play general partner peers. The new dividend, which is subject to Board approval, is expected to be declared in the quarter after the ONE Gas transaction is completed. So if the separation occurs in the fourth -- in the first quarter of 2014, as we anticipate, we would expect to declare the new dividend in April. Additionally ONE Gas will provide its expected initial dividend growth rate expectations and payout ratio range. We also expect to share our thoughts on how to think about the dividend and liquidity needs at ONEOK post-separation. Now Terry will update you on ONEOK's operating performance.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with our Natural Gas Distribution segment. Third quarter 2013 earnings were higher, primarily reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas. Operating costs were slightly higher compared with the third quarter 2012 primarily because of higher pension expenses, which were partially offset by lower share-based compensation expenses. As Derek discussed, the Energy Services segment incurred a lower-than-expected noncash charge related to the released capacity in the third quarter. Excluding that charge, net margin increased by approximately $11 million in the segment compared with the same period last year primarily due to lower demand charge costs in the third quarter of 2013 resulting from reduced contracted transportation and storage capacity. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review ONEOK Partners' financial performance, then Terry will come back and review the partnership's operating performance, growth projects and discuss the Sage Creek acquisition.
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John. In the third quarter, ONEOK Partners' net income was approximately $216 million or $0.64 per unit compared with $232 million or $0.78 per unit in the third quarter of 2012. Distributable cash flow was $259 million in the quarter compared with $261 million in the third quarter of 2012, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.14x for the third quarter of 2013. Distributable cash flow was $704 million for the first 9 months of 2013, providing a 1.04x coverage compared with $781 million for the same period last year. Our long-term annual coverage ratio target remains at 1.05x to 1.15x. However as discussed in previous conference calls, we expect our full year 2013 to be slightly above 1x coverage. In August, we completed a public offering of 11.5 million common units, which generated proceeds of $553 million. In September, we completed a $1.25 billion public offering of senior notes, generating net proceeds of approximately $1.24 billion. Proceeds from these 2 offerings provide significant capacity for our capital expenditures program. We now expect ONEOK Partners' 2013 net income to be in the range of $790 million to $830 million compared with the previous range of $790 million to $870 million. The new range reflects lower anticipated earnings in our NGL segment due to narrower NGL location price differentials. The partnership's DCF is now expected in the range of $930 million to $980 million compared with its previous range of $910 million to $1 billion. The midpoint remains at $955 million. An update on our 2013 growth capital forecast to $2 billion from approximately $2.2 billion and reduced our maintenance capital to $100 million from $120 million for 2013 primarily due to timing. This does not impact our $5.3 billion to $5.6 billion growth program. We increased the distribution declared by $0.005 per unit to $0.725 in the third quarter of 2013, an increase of 6% from the third quarter of 2012. In the earnings release, you'll note some updates on our hedging information as we continue to hedge commodity risk when appropriate. At the end of the third quarter, the partnership had $723 million of cash and cash equivalents, $47 million in commercial paper and approximately $1.2 billion of credit available to us on our revolving credit facility. Our long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio was 55%, and our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.2x. We have ample liquidity to support the partnership's ongoing capital program. In regards to our at-the-market equity program, we took a conservative approach by not selling units while ONEOK was evaluating the ONE Gas separation, and we were blacked out for most of the third quarter due to our August equity issuance. We do expect to utilize this program in the future when conditions warrant as a way to manage our equity issuances over time. Now Terry will update you on the partnership's operating performance.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek. Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment's third quarter operating income was higher due primarily to higher natural gas volumes gathered and processed, offset partially by lower realized NGL prices and higher operating costs and depreciation expense due to the growth projects we've placed in service over the last year. Natural gas volumes gathered and processed continue to grow, driven by increased well connections in the Williston Basin and Western Oklahoma. For the third quarter, natural gas volumes gathered increased 21%, natural gas volumes processed increased 25% and NGLs sold increased 34% compared with the same period last year, driven by the Williston Basin's new Garden Creek and Stateline I and II natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure projects completed in 2012 and in 2013. We connected 340 wells in the third quarter, our highest ever, and 950 September year-to-date compared with 710 wells last year through September. We now expect to connect approximately 1,200 wells to our Williston Basin and the Mid-Continent gathering systems in 2013. Accordingly we remain confident on our volume expectations we provided on our last earnings call. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment's third quarter results were lower due to significantly narrower Conway-to-Mont Belvieu NGL price differentials and the impact of ethane rejection. As expected, NGL exchange service's margins and NGLs gathered continued to grow, while NGL optimization margins decreased compared with the same period last year as a result of ONEOK Partner's strategy to convert NGL optimization capacity to fee-based exchange services capacity that partially offset the impact of narrower Conway-to-Mont Belvieu differentials. Our integrated NGL system also enabled us to capture higher margins from wider NGL product price differentials. From a volume perspective, NGLs transported on gathering lines were 574,000 barrels per day in the third quarter of 2013, up 8% compared with the same period last year and up 4% compared with the second quarter 2013. As in the G&P segment, we remain confident in the NGL segment's volume expectations we provided on our last earnings call. Ethane rejection did result in NGL pipeline capacity typically utilized for exchange services business becoming available for optimization activity, allowing us to benefit somewhat from NGL price differentials that are still relatively narrow compared to the 5-year average between the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast NGL market centers. The Natural Gas Pipeline segment's third quarter financial results were slightly higher compared with the same period in 2012. Equity earnings from Northern Border Pipeline were lower in the third quarter of 2013 due to reduced transportation rates on Northern Border Pipeline. Substantially all of Northern Border Pipeline's long-haul transportation capacity has now been contracted through March 2015. Now an update on our projects. We have several projects expected to be completed in the coming months. The MB-2 NGL fractionator at Mont Belvieu is expected to be in service this month, and the Sterling III Pipeline is expected to be completed by the end of this year with the flexibility to transport either unfractionated NGLs or NGL purity products from the Mid-Continent region to the Texas Gulf Coast. By the end of this year, we will have spent approximately $130 million for the Divide County natural gas gathering system project in North Dakota. The remaining $20 million of additional expansion for this project will be spent throughout 2014 to complete the remaining infrastructure. Last month, we completed the acquisition of the Sage Creek assets, which include a 50 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing plant and NGL pipeline systems in the NGL-rich area of the Powder River Basin. We also plan to invest additional capital to upgrade and construct natural gas gathering and processing-related infrastructure and well connections and NGL gathering pipelines, which will connect to Sage Creek and third-party processing plants, including a lateral to our NGL pipeline in -- the Bakken NGL pipeline. This acquisition provides significant long-term growth potential in the basin and the opportunity to provide area producers and processors with a full menu of midstream natural gas and NGL-related services. Now a brief look at the NGL markets. We have not changed our outlook for ethane rejection for 2014 and 2015. We still believe that ethane rejection by natural gas processing plants connected to our NGL system will continue at current levels of approximately 90,000 barrels per day throughout much of 2014 and through 2015 but primarily in the Rockies. Gulf Coast and Conway NGL inventory levels, especially for ethane and propane, are decreasing as ethane rejection continues and due to strong export demand for propane. From a demand perspective, with major plant outages behind them, the petchems are consuming the excess ethane inventory, and we expect a significant drawdown throughout the remainder of this year and into 2014. The petchems are operating at high utilization rates with ethane as their primary feedstock, and we see no signs of that slowing down. Additionally some petchems who have been using propane as a feedstock have, over the past few months, switched back to ethane, which we estimate to be 50,000 to 75,000 barrels per day. From a pricing perspective, this should lead to some upside momentum to ethane prices. But we expect it will be slow and moderated by the ability of processors to recover ethane fairly quickly and rebalance the market. Propane inventories are decreasing in both Conway and Mont Belvieu from extensive seasonal demand from crop drying in the Upper Midwest and from strong export demand. In recent weeks, we have seen Conway-to-Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials range from $0.03 to $0.06 per gallon, and we expect this range to continue for the rest of this year. While we recognize the continued near-term challenges regarding excess ethane supply, the partnership remains well positioned through its integrated network of assets and NGL-rich basins to provide essential services to its customers for the long term. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now let me provide you with an update on the status and the timeline of the ONE Gas separation. All of those involved have made remarkable progress to complete the necessary filings required for the separation, which include, of course, the Form 10, the New York stock exchange listing materials, the IRS and the FERC filings, and completing and updating the filings with the Kansas Corporation Commission and related parties. Our discussions with the KCC have been very productive and collaborative. Last week, the KCC released a procedural schedule for the order-setting process. There are 2 possible tracks for approval. The first proposes a settlement agreement with all parties designed to be sent to the KCC for approval by the end of 2013. And the second, if the parties are unable to reach a settlement, would result in KCC approval in late February. We are confident that our discussions with the KCC and other parties will continue to be productive, and we still expect to complete the separation in the first quarter of 2014. Upon the KCC approval, we estimate the transaction will close within 4 to 5 weeks thereafter. In closing, I'd like to again thank our 5,000 employees whose commitment, dedication, skills and experience allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day and to create exceptional value for our investors and our customers. Our entire management team appreciates all of our employees' efforts to make our company successful. So at this time, we are now ready to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to check on the Sage Creek acquisition. Maybe I missed this, but what's the run rate EBITDA on the existing assets? And then what are the volume assumptions that you're making to get to the, I think it's $40 million to $60 million of incremental EBITDA?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ted, we actually don't provide that specificity publicly, okay, as far as what our volume forecasts are. But what I can tell you is that the EBITDA estimate that we've provided when we announced the project is really just the -- a kind of a Phase I, if you will, okay, but there's going to be additional projects, which we kind of refer to as the Phase II. So we'll see some significant increase in EBITDA there. Much of that is driven not only by increased gathering and processing revenues but, in particular, NGL-related revenues associated with the natural gas liquids that will connect into the Bakken Pipeline.
John W. Gibson: So Ted, I think it's safe to say that the opportunity in buying those assets was for future development. We didn't look at that as an opportunity to buy earnings as much as it was to buy future earnings.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, that's great. The only thing I would add to that is that 1 of the key components in the acquisition were the substantial acreage dedications that went with it.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then if we can talk about the Bakken maybe again, how you're seeing that shape up with where production seems like it's kind of reaccelerated, the need for additional processing plants, gathering infrastructure, kind of where your acreage dedications are, if you see the need for that. And then if you could talk about your contracting strategy up there. I think you're -- you've mostly gone POP, but would you maybe try to go fee-based on anything, any future development?
Terry K. Spencer: Ted, development continues to be very strong, particularly with the multi-pad drilling that's going on, so the producers are really able to complete a lot of wells quickly. So the production, as you've probably seen publicly, the public -- people who follow the Bakken, production's going off the charts. So we expect to continue to make investments as it relates to gathering and processing infrastructure. Now I forgotten the last part of your question.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just the contracting strategy. Would you book more -- just stay more POP? I think your acreage dedication will lead you there, but would you try to make that more fee based? Or how are you thinking about that?
Terry K. Spencer: We already have fee-based components in our contract. They're a mix of POP and fee based. Don't anticipate changing it because that strategy has worked real well for us.
John W. Gibson: I might add one of the reasons that strategy has worked so well is that's what the producer wants. So that's kind of a natural.
Terry K. Spencer: And that mutual alignment up here has worked extremely well when both parties make more money. When prices are up, both parties make more money at the same time. But really, don't anticipate changing the contracting strategy, Ted.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then last 1one for me just on the maintenance CapEx. I did see it came down for this year. How should we think about sort of more of a run rate for maintenance CapEx as we're thinking about end of 2014 and 2015?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Ted, we've been in that $100 million to -- over our history last couple of years been in that $100 million to $120 million run rate range. Going forward, it will increase somewhat slightly, certainly, as we increase the assets that we have on our books. I think the same, we -- you've got to think about, as it relates to this maintenance capital because there's -- about 20% to 25% of that maintenance capital are discretionary type of items. So we can -- they're noncritical types of maintenance capital like clearing rights-of-way, painting parking lots, things like that. So they're noncritical items, and so we have the ability to defer those depending upon what our work priorities are. So you can see that number fluctuate from year-to-year. And most of the time, it is attributable to these discretionary items I just mentioned. Does that help you?
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. That's very helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on price realizations in the G&P segment. It seems like there's been some weakness this year relative to NYMEX realizations and also the hedge prices. So I'm just curious, what's going on there, Terry, in the Mid-Con and specifically with your G&P operations? What's driving that, and if those conditions are likely to change in coming periods?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, it's a great question, Chris. We had -- in the third quarter, we had a bit of an anomaly where the prices we realized with unhedged volumes were very low due to basis disconnect in the Bakken that AECO prices had really gotten beaten pretty hard, and the trickle back affects the Bakken. We saw some dollar discounts between the Bakken and the market area. So that affected us and affected that pricing in the third quarter, and that's the primary reason for that spread, that disconnect, if you will.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And how do you see that sort of progressing as we move forward in time, Terry? Obviously ted was asking about growth from that basin, but -- from the gas side, then how do you think about pricing disconnects on a go-forward?
Terry K. Spencer: I think it's resolving. That issue is resolving itself. It's not really a problem today, but it's there. As Canadian volumes continue to grow, as Marcellus gas backs up into the Midwest, that's going to impact us somewhat. So you're going to still see some pricing disconnects.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. I think switching gears a little bit, I appreciate your NGL market color, update on your views. I'm just curious, what you anticipating for your Pads 2 and 3 processing, your frac assets, given the pending in-service of Apex? And then I guess related to that, Terry, we have a couple of light-grade lines proposed down to the Gulf Coast region, one of which seems to require some downstream fractionation. We've seen some of the other Belvieu peers announce plans to pursue permits on some incremental fractionation capacity there. Just interested to know, post MB-2, what else sort of remains in the backlog that you might be working on to accommodate that pipe, should it come?
Terry K. Spencer: Well certainly, with the pipelines that are being built into the region, some of them are not being built with companion fractionation capacity. So the opportunity exists for us to potentially provide more fractionation services, to provide storage services and infrastructure services for those parties that do construct or build those pipelines or ship through those pipelines. So I think there's going to be opportunity for us without necessarily having to own and operate a pipeline all the way back to the -- to these basins. As far as the impact from those projects you talked about, one in particular, Texas Express coming out of the Panhandle area down to the Gulf Coast, we've -- that pipeline has started up, and we've already seen some impact from that in the Conway prices, okay. As they started that pipeline up and accumulated line fill, we did see some pressure. So those pipelines are going to impact the market somewhat.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Got it. I think final question for me, Terry. Given Ted's question about growth from the Bakken, obviously you've got a lot of shadow growth projects still out there, and you've had an appetite in the past to pursue some crude oil infrastructure projects. I'm just wondering what sort of the conversation has been like recently with potential counterparties on some of that shadow inventory given where pricing spreads have gone. Has there been a change in that dynamic and in those conversations?
Terry K. Spencer: Well certainly, they don't disregard the market. They look and see what's going on. The bottom line is, they still -- many of our customers want to get to Belvieu. It's where the most liquid market is. And they understand there's a cost. Regardless of the basis spread between Conway and Belvieu, there is a cost associated with getting -- us building and operating this infrastructure. So they're willing to pay the freight and are stepping up and paying the freight. And so we're continuing to execute on and develop opportunity for new supplies and, in particular, crude oil, as it relates to crude oil. We're -- we've seen that basis spread, that East Coast basis spread compress. Now it's widened back out, okay? So it's very volatile. And we've seen producers want to continue to discuss the possibility of a pipeline asset, in particular out of the Bakken all the way down to Cushing. But, as you might not be surprised, those producers still remain hesitant to make the types of commitments that's necessary at least for our capital to make a project like that work.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Edwards with Crdit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just could you -- I don't know if I saw it, but the in-service date for the expansion that you're doing around your Sage Creek acquisition.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, 2015 was the timeframe. Just the -- you're talking about the lateral that we...
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, the $135 million one you just -- you announced with this release.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, exactly. That consists of 2 things, or actually 3 things, primarily: The $50 million expansion of processing facility, or it's a modification of the processing facility to allow us to handle extremely rich gas that's being produced out of this play. The rest is a pipeline to interconnect these assets to the Bakken, plus another pipeline lateral to connect it to third-party processing plants, okay?
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's -- you're looking first half or second half of '15?
Terry K. Spencer: Actually, you're look -- right around the end of 2014, perhaps early 2015.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got you. All right. And then I just want to make sure I heard you right. Your expectations on the Conway-Belvieu spread in NGLs, you're looking at $0.03 to $0.06 a gallon. Is that the thought process?
Terry K. Spencer: That's the range that we expect.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of going further out, are you still looking for that range, say, for '14 and '15?
Terry K. Spencer: We're looking at probably something a little higher, maybe $0.06 to $0.07 going forward for EP. We think that the ethane inventory overhang is one of those key things that has affected this spread. And certainly, we've seen it affect it here in the fourth quarter. But as we move through this fourth quarter and into the second quarter, we and many of the experts expect this ethane inventory overhang to be substantially resolved.
Operator: And we'll go next to Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know the answer for this maybe that it's contract specific, but at a high level, can you give us some color around the older plans that may not be that efficient in extracting out ethane? Does the customer have a daily, weekly or monthly option to reject ethane?
Terry K. Spencer: No, they do not. They don't -- they really cannot drive our operations.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Meaning, you guys pick?
Terry K. Spencer: That's correct.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. Okay. And then have you contracted capacity on the Bakken NGL line or any of your other NGL distribution or gathering lines on a ship-or-pay basis for your equity barrels? Or is it more based on actual volume shipped? How do we think about that?
Terry K. Spencer: Well most of the capacity on these new projects, and the Bakken Pipeline included, most of these are on a ship-or-pay basis, okay?
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well even for your equity barrels?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then when you contracted it, I mean, it was over a year ago, did you only take enough capacity for propane plus volumes? Or did you include ethane in it, too?
Terry K. Spencer: Well some ethane's been included in that.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then in the NGL segment, you mentioned operational measurment gains. can you remind us what that exactly is? And then also, when you say higher revenues from customers with minimum volume obligation, does this mean they have to pay some penalties for not meeting minimum volume?
Terry K. Spencer: Okay, let's take this -- that's a bunch of questions, so -- and I guarantee you I won't remember them all. But let me take the first one, telling you what operational measurement gains are. It relates to measurements. Inherent in NGL or natural gas measurement, you have some inaccuracy, okay, plus or minus, less than 1% in most cases. That's what that is. And from time to time, we'll have periods where we have gains in the system or losses, okay? So that's what that's referring to, okay? And your next question was?
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You guys point out that you had higher revenues from customers with minimum volume obligations. I was just curious if that meant that they have to pay some penalty for not meeting minimum volumes.
Terry K. Spencer: That's right. In the MVA contracts that we have, there is a penalty payment that they have to make if they're deficient. Or it's -- sometimes, we call it deficiency payments that they have to make.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then at distribution, are you guys tracking better than expected? Or is there something -- some timing-related differences in 4Q that would cause full year operating income numbers to come in around the $227 million number that you previously guided towards?
Pierce H. Norton: Christine, this is Pierce. We're tracking on plan. If you'll notice, kind of the year-over-year is more some pension-related costs, but we're tracking where we expect to be.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back to our speakers for any further remarks.
Andrew J. Ziola: Well thank you for joining us, everybody. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on February 24 followed by our conference call on February 25. We will provide details on the conference call at a later date. T.D. Eureste and I will be available throughout the day to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Ziola - Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications John W. Gibson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Derek S. Reiners - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Terry K. Spencer - President and Director
Analysts: Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John K. Tysseland - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Matt Niblack Christopher Sighinolfi John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the second quarter 2013 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn things over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew J. Ziola: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on the conference call today are Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer; and Terry Spencer, our President. Also on the call and available to answer questions are Pierce Norton, our Executive Vice President of Commercial; and Rob Martinovich, our Executive Vice President of Operations. On this morning's call, we will review our second quarter 2013 financial results, update our point of view on the magnitude and duration of ethane rejection, and explain why it should have no impact on our 2013 or our 3-year earnings expectations, review our progress on our growth projects, and to avoid any further confusion, we will reiterate the ONEOK dividend growth we expect once the -- once we separate our natural gas distribution business. Let's start with our second quarter performance. ONEOK's second quarter performance was solid after adjusting for the noncash charge related to the wind down of our energy services segment. We had a robust volume growth in ONEOK Partners with volume increases in natural gas gathered and processed, and natural gas liquids gathered, all as a result of the growth projects we completed. In ONEOK Partners, our NGL exchange services margins continue to increase, compared with the same period in 2012, as we execute on our strategy to convert capacity held for optimization activities to fee-based contracts. As a result, and as expected, our optimization margins declined as a result of this reduced capacity. And the expected tighter NGL price differentials were experienced between Mont Belvieu and Conway. As anticipated, ethane rejection had some impact on our second quarter results. However, it was less than $15 million. Our natural gas distribution segment performed exceptionally well during the quarter, benefiting from new rates in all 3 of the states it serves and from higher sales and transportation volumes related to the colder-than-normal weather. As Terry will discuss in a moment, we are revising our outlook for ethane rejection during 2014 and 2015, based on recent developments in the NGL market. We expect that current levels of ethane rejection, which are less than we originally forecasted in February, will continue into 2014 and into 2015, but at lower levels. We remain confident that we will meet our 2013 guidance expectations and our 3-year earnings growth expectations, averaging an annual 15% to 20% EBITDA increase during that period, even with ethane rejection continuing through 2014 and 2015, due primarily to additional volumes now expected that were not originally included in our 3-year plan. Derek will now review ONEOK's financial highlights, followed by Terry, who will review ONEOK's operating performance.
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John, and good morning. ONEOK's second quarter earnings were approximately $1 million or $0.00 per diluted share, including the noncash after-tax charge related to the accelerated wind down of the energy services segment. ONEOK's net income in the second quarter would have been approximately $72 million or $0.34 per diluted share, excluding the noncash charge, compared with $61 million or $0.29 per diluted share for the same period last year. Improved second quarter results reflect volume growth as a result of completed growth projects at ONEOK Partners in the ONEOK Partners' segment. The natural gas distribution segment posted higher results due to increased rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas, and colder weather in the service area compared with the same period last year. As we announced in June, ONEOK will discontinue the energy services segment through an accelerated wind down process. Energy services released a significant portion of its nonaffiliated third party natural gas transportation and storage contracts to third parties in June, effective July 1, 2013, and recorded $114 million pretax noncash charge. We also expect about $40 million of additional charges later this year or in the first quarter of 2014, related to the remaining capacity that we intend to release. We expect future cash expenditures associated with the released transportation and storage capacity from the wind down to total approximately $100 million on an after-tax basis, with approximately $15 million paid in 2013, $35 million in 2014, $25 million in 2015, and $25 million over the period of 2016 through 2023. As John mentioned, ONEOK also affirmed its 2013 net income guidance range of $235 million to $285 million, updated for the energy services current and expected future after-tax charges related to the wind down provided in June. ONEOK also affirmed its 3-year expectations of net income increasing by an average of 15% to 20% annually, comparing 2012 results with 2015, and excluding the impact of ONEOK's recently announced plans to separate its natural gas distribution business into a new standalone publicly traded company to be called ONE Gas. In July, we declared a dividend of $0.38 per share, an increase of 6% from the previous quarter. As a reminder, ONEOK's 2013 guidance includes a projected $0.005 per unit per quarter increase in unitholder distributions declared from ONEOK Partners, subject to ONEOK Partners' board approval. ONEOK Partners has estimated an average annual distribution increase of 8% to 12% between 2012 and 2015, subject to ONEOK Partners' board approval. For the 6 months ended -- for the 6 months of 2013, ONEOK received approximately $263 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 32% increase from the same period last year. ONEOK's year-to-date 2013 standalone cash flow, before changes in working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $129 million. Additionally, the midpoint of ONEOK's 2013 guidance for cash flow before changes in working capital has been updated to $787 million to reflect the wind down, compared with its previous guidance of $835 million. Cash flow before changes in working capital is expected to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $145 million to $185 million, compared with its previous guidance range of $195 million to $235 million provided in February 2013. ONEOK's liquidity position remains strong. At the end of the second quarter, on a standalone basis, we had $405 million of commercial paper outstanding, $27 million of cash and cash equivalents, and $793 million available under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. Our standalone long-term debt-to-capital ratio was 45%. Now Terry will update you on ONEOK's operating performance.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek, and good morning. Let's start with our natural gas distribution segment. As you read in the news release, second quarter 2013 earnings were higher, primarily reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas, and colder-than-normal weather in the second quarter 2013, compared with warmer-than-normal weather during the same period last year. Operating costs were slightly higher compared with the second quarter 2012, primarily because of higher pension expenses and property taxes, which were mostly offset by lower share-based compensation expenses. The midpoint for the natural gas distribution segment's operating income guidance for 2013 remains at $227 million. As Derek discussed, the energy services segment incurred a noncash charge related to the released capacity in the second quarter. Excluding that charge, net margin decreased by approximately $14 million in the energy services segment compared with the same period last year, primarily due to lower realized seasonal storage differentials and marketing margins, net of hedging activities. 2013 guidance for the energy services segment is a loss of $210 million, that reflects the noncash charges related to the accelerated wind down, unchanged from what we said in June. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review ONEOK Partners' financial performance, and then Terry will come back and review the partnership's operating performance, growth projects and discuss in a little more detail the reasoning behind our revised ethane rejection outlook.
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John. In the second quarter, ONEOK Partners' net income was $202 million or $0.62 per unit compared with $207 million or $0.69 per unit in the second quarter of 2012. Distributable cash flow was $252 million in the quarter compared with $240 million in the second quarter of 2012, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.17x for the second quarter 2013. By comparison, our coverage ratio was 1.29x in the second quarter of 2012. Distributable cash flow was $445 million for the first 6 months of 2013, providing a 0.99x coverage compared with $519 million for the same period last year, providing coverage of 1.50x. Our long-term annual coverage ratio target still remains at 1.05x to 1.15x. However, as we've discussed in previous conference calls, we expect our full year 2013 to be slightly above 1x coverage. ONEOK Partners affirmed its 2013 net income guidance range of $790 million to $870 million announced in February of 2013. The partnership's DCF is expected to remain in the range of $910 million to $1 billion. Operating income in the natural gas liquids segment is expected to increase, while operating income in the natural gas gathering and processing segment is expected to decrease from previous earnings guidance. Terry will give the specifics in a moment. We affirmed EBITDA to increase by an average of 15% to 20% annually over a 3-year period comparing 2012 results with 2015. ONEOK Partners also affirmed that it still estimates an average annual distribution increase of 8% to 12% between 2012 and 2015, subject to ONEOK Partners' Board approval. Capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to be approximately $2.36 billion, comprised of $2.24 billion in growth capital and $120 million in maintenance capital. This update reflects the timing of capital dollars and the movement of some capital expenditures to 2014 from 2013. However, our growth projects continue to be on time and on budget. We still expect a $4.7 billion to $5.2 billion capital spend through 2015, in addition to having a $2 billion to $3 billion backlog of unannounced growth projects. We increased the distribution declared by $0.005 per unit for the second quarter of 2013, an increase of 9% from the second quarter of 2012. Subject to board approval, we expect to increase our distributions by a $0.005 per unit per quarter for the remainder of 2013. In the earnings release, you will note some updates in our hedging information as we continue to hedge commodity risk where appropriate. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $6 million in cash and cash equivalents, $429 million of commercial paper and $771 million available under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. Our long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio was 52%, and our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.6x. From a financing perspective, we continue to have multiple sources of liquidity available to us, and we remain confident in our ability to raise the necessary capital to fund the growth at ONEOK Partners, which include access to our $1.2 billion credit facility, with the option to increase -- to request an increase to $1.7 billion, and access to our $300 million at-the-market program that allows the partnership to offer common units for the sale in -- for sale in the market. These items enable us to be opportunistic from a timing perspective as we look to access public equity and debt markets. And finally, I'd like to comment briefly on Standard & Poor's recent decision to affirm ONEOK Partners' credit rating but revise its outlook to negative due to its expectation that weak commodity prices, particularly natural gas liquid prices, could weigh on the partners -- on ONEOK Partners' credit profile in 2014. We remain committed to our investment-grade credit rating and we'll continue to take the necessary steps to remain investment-grade. Now Terry will update you on the partnership's operating performance.
Terry K. Spencer: Thanks, Derek. The natural gas gathering and processing segment's second quarter operating income was almost 20% higher, due primarily to higher natural gas volumes gathered and processed, offset partially by lower realized NGL prices and higher compression and operating costs due to the growth projects we've placed in service over the last year. Natural gas volumes gathered and processed continue to grow, driven by increased well connections in the Williston Basin and Western Oklahoma. For the second quarter, natural gas volumes gathered increased 23%, and natural gas volumes processed increased 28%, compared with the same period last year, driven by the new Garden Creek and Stateline I and II natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure projects completed in 2012 and in 2013. The second quarter throughput was lower than expected due to wet weather conditions that temporarily delayed gathering system construction and producers' well completion efforts. Despite those challenges, we still connected 350 wells in the quarter and 600 year-to-date compared with 450 wells last year through June. While we expect to connect more than 1,000 wells to our Williston Basin and the Mid-Continent gathering systems in 2013, we reduced this segment's 2013 operating income guidance to $209 million, reflecting lower natural gas volumes gathered and processed experienced in the second quarter 2013 compared with previous estimates. Specific volume expectations and updated 2013 price assumptions are provided in our earnings release. The natural gas pipeline segment's second quarter financial results were slightly lower compared with the same period in 2012. Equity earnings from Northern Border Pipeline were lower in the second quarter due to reduced transportation rates on Northern Border Pipeline due to a rate settlement with its shippers that took effect in January, offset partially by higher transportation volumes. Substantially all of Northern Border Pipeline's long-haul transportation capacity has now been contracted through March 2015. 2013 operating income guidance for the natural gas pipeline segment has been updated to $149 million, compared with the previous midpoint of $153 million, reflecting weaker-than-expected electric power demand due to milder weather in 2013 compared with 2012. Offsetting this decrease are higher expected equity earnings. Our natural gas liquids segment's second quarter results were only 4% lower despite significantly narrower Conway-to-Mont Belvieu NGL price differentials, and the impact of ethane rejection. As expected, NGL exchange services margins continue to grow, while NGL optimization margins decreased compared with the same period last year, as a result of ONEOK Partners' strategy to convert NGL optimization capacity to fee-based exchange services capacity. To put this narrow NGL location price differential impact in perspective, the second quarter 2013 Conway-to-Mont Belvieu ethane price differential was $0.06 per gallon, down 74%, compared with $0.23 per gallon in the second quarter 2012, and $0.01 per gallon in the first quarter 2013. From a volume perspective, NGLs transported on gathering lines were 554,000 barrels per day in the second quarter 2013, up 6% compared with the same period last year, and up 11% compared with the first quarter 2013. These volume increases were due primarily to the completed Bakken NGL pipeline, volume ramp ups from third-party plant connections or expansions, and capacity increases made available through the partnerships Cana-Woodford Shale and Granite Wash system expansions that were placed in service in April 2012. Partially offsetting these volume increases was the impact of ethane rejection. We increased our 2013 operating income guidance for the NGL segment to $575 million, compared with the previous guidance of $545 million. This updated 2013 guidance reflects additional capacity available for optimization activities as a result of ethane rejection, more favorable NGL location and product differentials, higher expected isomerization margins, and new revenue growth from commercial activities. Ethane rejection did result in NGL pipeline capacity typically utilized for exchange services business becoming available for optimization activities, allowing us the ability to benefit from the NGL price differentials between the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast market centers. Offsetting this increase are lower expected earnings from Overland Pass Pipeline, due mainly to ethane rejection. In our 2013 financial guidance, we have assumed the ethane and e/p differential between Conway and Mont Belvieu will average $0.06 per gallon for the second half of 2013. Specific NGL gathering and fractionation volume expectations are provided in our earnings release. The lower NGL volume forecast for 2013 are primarily the result of lower-than-expected volume increases from third-party natural gas processors during the first half of 2013, and projected ethane rejection at many natural gas processing plants connected to the partnership's NGL system for the remainder of 2013. The financial impact of these volumes decreases is mitigated by minimum volume obligations and the ability to utilize the available transportation capacity for optimization activities. Now an update on our projects. We have a couple of significant projects expected to be completed this year. The MB-2 NGL fractionator at Mont Belvieu is progressing very well and is expected to be completed in the third quarter. And the Sterling III Pipeline is expected to be completed by the end of 2013, with the flexibility to transport either unfractionated NGLs or NGL purity products from the Mid-Continent region to the Texas Gulf Coast. Now to commodity prices. We have decreased our second half 2013 equity NGL composite price assumption for the natural gas gathering and processing segment to $0.62 per gallon. Our 2013 equity NGL composite price is weighted more to Conway due to contractual commitments. To be clear, this price is at the market hubs before transportation and fractionation fee deduction. The $0.62 per gallon is calculated on a full ethane recovery basis. By comparison, with reduced ethane recovery in 2013, our realized NGL composite prices are expected to be $0.84 per gallon. Our 3-year commodity price outlook has been revised downward to reflect the latest point of view of the commodity market. I'm going to provide these price assumptions to you by commodity, by year, for the full year 2013, 2014 and 2015. Okay. Here we go. Mont Belvieu ethane prices are assumed to be an average of $0.25 per gallon for 2013, $0.33 per gallon for 2014, and $0.40 per gallon for 2015. Mont Belvieu propane is assumed to average $0.91 for 2013, $1.05 for 2014, and $1.18 per gallon for 2015. NYMEX natural gas prices are assumed at $3.60 for 2013, $4.25 for 2014, and $4.60 per MMBtu for 2015. NYMEX crude oil prices are assumed at $98 for 2013, $94 for 2014, and $96 per barrel for 2015. The composite equity NGL prices assuming ethane rejection are $0.84 for full year 2013, $1.04 for 2014, and $1.14 per gallon for 2015. The 2014 and 2015 NGL composite prices are primarily on a Mont Belvieu basis. The assumed ethane and e/p price differential between Conway and Mont Belvieu is approximately $0.10 per gallon for 2014 and 2015. This updated pricing will also be available on a future investor presentation. The change to Mont Belvieu pricing in 2014 and 2015 reflects the expected completion of our Sterling III Pipeline in late 2013, providing our customers with more access to the Mont Belvieu market. Now let's discuss the impact of ethane rejection on 2013, 2014 and 2015 earnings expectations. We are revising our outlook for ethane rejection during 2014 and 2015, based on some recent developments in the NGL markets that I'll discuss in a moment. We believe that ethane rejection by natural gas processing plants connected to our NGL system will continue at current levels throughout much of 2014 and through 2015, but primarily in the Rockies. However, in spite of the continued ethane rejection affecting the partnership, we remain confident that we can still increase EBITDA by an average of 15% to 20% annually over a 3-year period. New commercial opportunities, new supply projects and increased optimization capacity made available due to ethane rejection, all made possible because of our integrated NGL system, are expected to offset the impact of ethane rejection in 2014 and 2015. Here's the current situation: Natural gas processing plants, our own and third parties, that supply our natural gas liquids assets, excluding the Williston Basin, are currently rejecting between 55,000 and 65,000 barrels per day of ethane. As we communicated in previous conference calls, we currently are rejecting ethane in the Williston Basin, which is consistent with our expectations. These current levels of ethane rejection are significantly lower than the 90,000 barrels per day, excluding the Williston, we experienced earlier this year and previously expected for all of 2013. This reduced ethane rejection has occurred because natural gas processors in the Mid-Continent and Rockies, excluding the Williston Basin, that were previously rejecting ethane, began to experience less propane recovery, which caused them to begin recovering ethane, so they could increase their recovery of propane. Here's what we expect in 2014 and 2015. In 2014, we expect that ethane rejection levels from existing Mid-Continent and Rockies plants outside the Williston Basin will continue in the range of 55,000 to 60,000 barrels per day. We do not expect to recover ethane from our Williston Basin plants in 2014 and 2015, as originally planned, which will reduce our planned throughput on the Bakken NGL pipeline by approximately 30,000 barrels per day in 2014, and by approximately 40,000 barrels per day in 2015. We expect Rockies plants outside the Williston Basin supplying our systems to reject 10,000 to 15,000 barrels per day of ethane in 2015. As a result, we expect to reject about 90,000 barrels per day of ethane in total during 2014, and about 50,000 to 55,000 barrels per day of ethane in total during 2015. We estimate the financial impact of this level of ethane rejection in 2014 to be approximately $83 million in operating income after deducting ship-or-pay offsets. The recent developments in the marketplace resulting in our revision of our 2014 and 2015 ethane rejection outlook include: higher inventories will persist for a longer period of time; recent industry forecasts indicate that historically high ethane inventories will likely persist for a much longer period than originally expected due to the extended petrochemical turnaround season and several major unplanned outages, including the unfortunate incident at Williams' Geismar, Louisiana petrochemical facility, which not only curtailed the consumption of ethane for an indefinite period of time, but also postponed a planned capacity expansion that was scheduled to come online later this year. Purchases of ethane are down. For the first time this year, a number of our petrochemical customers reduced their purchases of ethane on the spot market in favor of drawing down inventories from their proprietary ethane storage. Proprietary ethane storage figures are typically not reported to the EIA. Non-ethane feed stocks are improving coproduct yield. Petrochemical customers are consuming more normal butane as a feedstock instead of switching from propane feed to ethane feed due to the better coproduct yield. And Mont Belvieu pricing has weakened. Mont Belvieu ethane and propane prices have not maintained the strong pricing trajectory experienced mid-spring of this year, as inventory overhangs and propane exports have not yet been sufficient to cause a substantial switching by the pet chems to ethane feed from propane feed. However, as I stated earlier, new commercial opportunities, new supply projects and increased optimization capacity made available due to ethane rejections are expected to offset the expected impact of ethane rejection during 2014 and 2015. While we recognize the continued near-term challenges facing ethane producers, the partnership remains well-positioned through its integrated network of assets in NGL rich basins to provide essential services to its customers for the long-term. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. I appreciate that, that was very good, I appreciate that. Before we take your questions about the quarter, I'd like to take this time to reiterate our expectations regarding the dividend growth ONEOK anticipates, following the completion of its plan to separate the natural gas distribution business. What we stated in last week's news release on Page 3 and in the slides on Page 9 provided in advance of the conference call is correct. In all the to-ing and fro-ing during the Q&A portion of the conference call, there appears to have been some confusion about what our intent is. So let me reiterate our post-separation dividend growth expectations so that there is no additional misunderstanding. When the separation is complete, post spend, ONEOK intends to increase its dividend to a level competitive with its pure play GP peers. That means the dividend growth rate is expected to be greater than the current pre-spend 3-year dividend growth rate ONEOK estimates, which is 55% to 65% during the 2012 to 2015 period. This post spend ONEOK dividend growth expectation excludes the dividend that ONE Gas would pay its shareholders, which we expect would also be competitive with its natural gas utility peers. Said another way, ONEOK dividend growth post spin is exclusive of the ONE Gas dividend. The ONEOK dividend growth expectation post spin comes entirely from ONEOK. As usual, in closing, I'd like to again thank our 5,000 employees whose commitment, dedication, skills and experience allow us to operate our assets safely reliably and environmentally responsibly every day, and to create exceptional value for our investors and our customers. With our announcement last week, all of our employees are facing change. But the approximately 600 employees in our shared service organizations are facing more change and uncertainty because they do not know if they will remain with ONEOK or move to ONE Gas. Removing that uncertainty is a high priority for my leadership team during the next 60 to 90 days. Our entire management team appreciates all of our employees' efforts to make our company successful. Operator, we're now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Christine Cho of Barclays.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If I do some quick back-of-the-envelope math, it seems that your optimization margin was much higher than what some of us were probably expecting and better than what we've seen in the past 2 quarters. Would it be fair to say that year-to-date, you guys are tracking higher than what you would have expected? And how much of your increase in guidance for the NGL segment reflects what you've already generated in the past 2 quarters versus what you hope to see in the next 2 quarters?
John W. Gibson: Terry?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, actually, the impact from ethane from optimization, the revenue impact for 2013 is approximately -- let me see, hang on just a second. Let me make sure I get your question right. Christine, could you say the first part of your question again?
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It seems that your optimization margin for this quarter was much higher than what some of us were probably expecting and better than what we've seen in past 2 quarters. So would it be fair to say that year-to-date, you guys are tracking higher than what you would have expected 6 months ago? And how much of your increase in guidance for the NGL segment reflects what you, call it, already have in the bag versus what you hope to generate in the next 2 quarters?
Terry K. Spencer: The answer to that is yes. Yes, it is tracking higher.
John W. Gibson: The thing I'd add though, Christine, you can see that we averaged $0.01 on the spread in the first quarter and $0.06 in the second quarter, averaging $0.04 for the first half. We do expect that to be higher in the second half, as well as the optimization volumes to be higher as well. So it is a little more back-end weighted.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. Okay. That answers it. And then, when ethane spreads were very wide last year and the year before, most of your optimization capacity was used for ethane. For talking purposes, let's say it was 100,000 barrels per day for all ethane, if we were to instead use all propane or all butane, am I correct in thinking that this number moves lower because the other liquids are heavier and they take longer to move?
John W. Gibson: No, I don't think so.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, just my last question, it sounds like with the export projects and propane inventories being relatively low, we might see some strength in propane prices, especially if we get a normal winter. I'm assuming this dynamic is what's driving your lower expectation for ethane rejection if the older plants are losing their propane recoveries with the ethane rejection?
John W. Gibson: Yes, I think that's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst of BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Maybe just queuing off of Christine's question, and perhaps asked another way on the NGL guidance. If you think about it for a full year, the segment guidance is going up $30 million. Is it possible to segregate, since we have this situation where the fractionation, the transport volumes are being reduced, lower but have some protection by some ship or pay, is it possible to segregate what the negative impact of the reduced volumes, what that impact is versus the uplift from the optimization that gives this net $30 million uplift?
John W. Gibson: Carl, there is actually kind of more to it than that. You're hitting on the optimization piece. You hit on the minimum volume requirement piece. There's 3 other factors here that really play into this that aren't volume related. The first one is we have more isom volumes available to us to process through our isomerization unit. We have higher spreads on that volume as well. The next piece is we're experiencing more commercial marketing opportunities because of assets that have been freed up by putting the Bakken line into service. For instance, we got more truck and rail activity that used to be dedicated to the Bakken barrels. Now we're getting third-party business through that. And then, we also have the propane export opportunities. And the final thing is there are incremental volumes that are actually coming on, but they're not enough to offset the reduction in some of the gathered volumes. So all that combination of things with the optimization volumes, the minimum volume requirements, is actually making up that $30 million.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. I appreciate the extra color. And then, just a second question on the gathering and processing, and it looks like with the guidance reduction that's going on there for that particular segment, we may have, on the gathered, processed perhaps, volumes being down 2% to 4% relative to prior guidance, maybe a little bit more so on the implied equity production. But I guess my question is, it sounds like that's all timing-related with respect to well connects in the second quarter. Is that something where you feel like, by the end of the year, you will have caught up to your prior expectations? Meaning, even though we haven't seen granular guidance for 2014, and sort of what you guys are looking at, you're not really expecting much of a change from the volume or does this push out the entire curve where we might expect lower volumes, both in 2014 and 2015, because we've been backed up by a quarter? If that makes sense?
John W. Gibson: It makes good sense. It just backs the curve out.
Derek S. Reiners: It slides the curve.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take a question from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, my first question here is on the exchange service activities, and I'm assuming there's sort of a layer of contracts you've signed here on the minimum volume. So I'm wondering what the vintages of those is and how we should think about the change in the contract pricing you signed up for the shippers on there? I'm assuming, as the spreads here between say Conway and Belvieu have come in, you priced on those contracts up at higher rates that maybe [indiscernible] maybe I'm thinking about that wrong?
Derek S. Reiners: Well, you're thinking about it right. We're just not going to be willing to tell you the specifics, I mean, for competitive reasons, right? That's exactly right.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. No, that's fair. And then, second one for me was just kind of where you are on hedging for NGLs. It looks like you're still leaving 2014 fairly open. Is that just because you don't like the price -- I mean, you kind of walked through your ethane price and propane price forecasts, is that kind of a big driver there, where the hedges are?
Terry K. Spencer: I think, that's right, Ted. When you look at ethane and you look in the out months from a hedging standpoint, you have take a pretty significant haircut in pricing. And what we've tended to do over time, particularly as it related to ethane prices, generally move back towards us. So we're just going to continue to look and look for the opportunities to hedge more ethane as we go in the future.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's great. And then, last one for me. Just on the balance sheet at OKS. I think, I heard you say, it was a -- you're 3.6x on debt to EBITDA, I just want to make sure, is that on a trailing 12 months? I'm coming to a higher number, I'm just kind of thinking about where you are in your credit metrics? And then how you're thinking about financing the CapEx for those sort of kind of where you are?
John W. Gibson: Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Ted, that's correct. Although the 3.6 is adjusted for some EBITDA on our capital projects that we get credit for in our covenants.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So you're giving some forward EBITDA, I guess, credit for things that are coming on?
Derek S. Reiners: That's correct.
John W. Gibson: We are allowed to do that by our agreement.
Theodore Durbin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. And then, how are you thinking about sort of financing the CapEx for the next 6 to 12 months, let's say?
John W. Gibson: Well, I think, as we said before, we do have equity and debt needs, and the timing of that, we'll just have to determine based on the market conditions.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from John Tysseland of Citi.
John K. Tysseland - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you just describe the mechanics and maybe provide an example of your exchange services operations? And then, kind of what the difference is of that versus maybe optimization? And then also, where geographically you see the most opportunities in today's kind of market, is that -- in that business, is it Bakken or Mid-Con?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, first off, when we look at -- we discussed exchange services, that's all fee-based, that's all fee-based business, okay. Transportation, frac services for the gathering fractionation. If we look at optimization, of course, that's spread. It's the Conway to Belvieu pricing differentials for ethane is what we talk about. The other part of your question is, where do we the opportunities? We continue to see a lot of opportunities in the NGL rich plays within our footprint, the Bakken, of course, continues to yield a lot of opportunity. The Niobrara down in the Powder River Basin is yielding some opportunity for us. The Mississippian Lime down in Oklahoma and the Cana-Woodford play are all plays that are still very active and new processing plants are being developed.
John K. Tysseland - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. Can you just describe the mechanics of how that contract with customers actually works from -- in the exchange services business? I mean, what is the producer -- what is the contract with the producer or the downstream customer really have with ONEOK?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, basically, how the exchange services contract works, as I said before, it's a fee-based contract. We take the barrels and exchange raw feed for purity products at the market hub. And we do that for a fee. Okay. So that's, in a nutshell, how it works. The transportation or gathering and fractionation fees are typically bundled, okay. So you get all of that for a flat fee. So that's basically how it works.
Derek S. Reiners: So, to put numbers to it, just using 1 commodity, we take the y grade -- we take the raw, right, we take title to it, say, in the Bakken. And then, we provide a price, and then we charge the producer based on the finished product at the market hub, like Terry said, less a fee. So in other words, we do the gathering, we do all the transportation, we do the fractionation, we distribute the products to the market hubs, we -- and then give them, in essence, market price, less a fee, for doing all that, all those fees, we don't -- we've got 1 fee. So that's why we call it a fee-based business.
John K. Tysseland - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That makes a lot of sense. I appreciate the clarification. And then, final follow-up on that same kind of line of questioning. When the Bakken pipeline actually came online, is it fair to say that your exchange services business and opportunities there expanded pretty greatly during the quarter?
Derek S. Reiners: That would be right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere of Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Look forward to seeing you guys next week. Just a couple of follow-up questions on the optimization. Seems like the ability to have some optimization fill in for lost capacity utilization amidst ethane rejection is suggesting that there's a lot more opportunity other than the historical Conway to Belvieu ethane spreads. And I think, on Christine's questioning, the answer was that this year's optimization, even though there were some pretty healthy results this quarter, were more back-end loaded towards the second half. Could you comment about the various opportunities for optimization and the sustainability of that into 2014 and beyond, as ethane rejection continues, albeit at a lower rate?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Craig, we don't provide the specifics as far as volume for our optimization activities. But the opportunities for optimization span across a number of products, not just ethane, propane, normal butane, et cetera. So we optimize more than just ethane. We're going to continue to see a need for products in Mont Belvieu, we're going to continue to see growth in supply in the Mid-Continent, based upon what we're seeing in terms of development in NGL rich plays. So I think the opportunities for optimization as a viable portion of our business are going to continue, although they're going to be a much smaller percentage of our margin versus what we had seen over the last couple years.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: [indiscernible] You were knocking the lights out a year ago, but I think what we're seeing now is definitely better than the market was expecting, at least the financial markets.
John W. Gibson: Right.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: If I could jump over to...
Derek S. Reiners: One of the things I would add to that, knocking it out of the ballpark is remember that the -- it's the optionality to the asset that allows us to capture the optimization margin, regardless of what the margin is. We don't create the margin. It's the ability to capture it, whether it's $0.01 or whether it's $0.40. It's the optionality embedded in those assets and our ability to bundle all those services together, relative to our competitors, that gives us an advantage to participate in optimization. That's an important piece.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Understood. And then, that's a nice segue for my follow-up. Obviously, over time, the desire is to convert more and more towards fee-based exchange service activities, and I think you all had alluded in prior commentary to expectations that you could contract out multi-year agreements on Conway to Belvieu spreads capacity at close to $0.10. In light of some of your more recent commentary around the ethane markets, could you give any colors, do [ph] the market's appetite for multi-year agreements fee-based that you would be comfortable with or is that not available in the short run?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, our strategy has been to long-term contract that optimization capacity under fee-based exchange services. As we look at the marketplace -- and our customers, they want that long-term capacity. And the fact that optimization spreads or the Conway to Belvieu spreads have been very volatile and basically nonexistent in the first quarter, has not fazed our customers one bit, they still want that capacity, they want to contract for it long-term, and they're willing to pay an attractive rate or a fair rate to do that.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Well, I guess, let me rephrase, instead of specific pricing like $0.10. We saw a nice uptick, even towards $0.07 plus until that unfortunate olefins plant accident. And then we gave back $0.01 or $0.02. Do you see your customers looking past the near-term issues towards multi-year -- the desire, as you to say, to lock in multi-year spreads at sustainable levels comfortably above what we're seeing now, which is more like $0.05?
Terry K. Spencer: I don't -- and here's just my opinion. These customers are not focused on the spread. What they're focused on is getting their barrels to where they think the best markets are. So they haven't really been fixated on the spreads and they don't come back to us and say, well, we think the spreads going to be x, so as a result, we think your rate should be y. They recognize the cost it takes to build infrastructure down to the Gulf Coast, they want to be in that liquid market, because they believe that's the place to be. So that's where we're taking them. So we don't really get into that issue with the producers arguing over what the view of the spread is.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Is a part of it that you simply don't get in this argument because you provide so much bundled services that it's simply one part of the total?
Terry K. Spencer: I think that's definitely key, that we're able to provide that full menu of services relative to others in the industry. I think that's very important.
Derek S. Reiners: I think it probably is the key, that's what differentiates us from others.
Operator: Up next, we have Jason Agnu [ph] of Robert W. Baird.
Unknown Analyst: With plenty available revolver capacity and potential to increase that base, are you guys solely focused on directing that capital towards your backlog of organic projects or any M&A opportunities, I guess, outside of your current fairway that you're evaluating?
John W. Gibson: Terry, do you want to take that?
Derek S. Reiners: Well, I'll take it. The answer is yes, we will continue to look at M&A activities and then we'll look for an opportunity to finance those M&A activities. As I've said many times before, we have and will continue to look at opportunities to grow through acquisition. But as I've also said many times before, it's a lot more economical use of our capital to build, at this point in time, than to buy, when we measure these opportunities against our next alternative.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then more of a housekeeping item, but maintenance CapEx seems to be weighted a little more towards the back half of the year. Is that something we should expect kind of going forward into 2014 and 2015?
Derek S. Reiners: Yes. This is -- as you would imagine, with more assets coming on stream, you're going to have smaller incremental amounts of maintenance capital.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Matt Niblack with HITE.
Matt Niblack: Not to add confusion to the distribution growth question, but I just wanted to clarify, when you talk about that growth rate being higher than it was before exclusively for the remaining ONEOK, is that based on a baseline of the current combined distribution, or is that based on a new baseline of the distribution as it will be after the separation?
John W. Gibson: Okay. Let me come back and repeat what I talked about earlier. When we talk about -- when the separation is complete, after the spin of the gas utility, ONEOK intends to increase its dividend to a level competitive with its pure play GP peers. If you look at the pure play GP peers and measure that against where ONEOK is today, the pure play GPs are -- show a greater increase, okay? Because that's what we're saying. Did that help you?
Matt Niblack: Right. A greater growth rate, right?
John W. Gibson: Yes.
Matt Niblack: Okay. So when we think of that greater growth rate...
John W. Gibson: Whoa, I'm sorry to interrupt you. But also, what I said was ONEOK intends to increase its dividend to a level competitive with its pure play GP peers. Now that's what I said, and those words, to me, mean that ONEOK intends to increase its dividend.
Matt Niblack: Right. The remaining ONEOK will increase its dividend versus current levels in absolute terms?
John W. Gibson: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Sighinolfi of Jefferies.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Terry, I just have 1 question remaining, and that's pertaining to the NGL sales for the quarter. Obviously, they jumped quite significantly, you mentioned that in your prepared commentary. I just wanted to better understand the drivers behind that, obviously, you had the ethane header at Belvieu and some other things. But I'm just, I guess, curious, was inventory sales a contributor to that jump at all? And if so, roughly how much?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, it definitely related to inventory. The reason why that sales number has increased is we're loading our storage down there at Belvieu with raw feed to get positioned and ready to start up the MB-2 fractionator. So in all of the accounting associated with that, in protecting the price risk associated with that storage, it inflates our sales number. So that's what you're seeing. It's not related to any sort of contractual change or anything like that.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. So with that facility slated to come on here in 3Q, can you quantify at all, like how much that impact might have been in the quarter, in 2Q?
Terry K. Spencer: Related to that -- the inventory?
Christopher Sighinolfi: Yes.
Terry K. Spencer: Probably, that delta, the delta Q-over-Q is probably all attributable to that raw feed build.
Operator: We'll take our final question from John Edwards of Crdit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just if we could come back to the ethane rejection versus optimization and the exchange services issues. Just first on exchange services, kind of a follow-up to John's question. So the margin, does that vary with respect to market prices and volumes involved in the exchange? And if so, can you give us any kind of idea how that would work?
John W. Gibson: Think of it this way: Optimization is going to be the relative value between 2 market points, Conway and Belvieu. Less whatever cost might be incurred, you move the product between the 2 points. Now to avoid the cost, you could buy a product at 1 point and sell it at another, et cetera. But optimization is all about just taking advantage of whatever, if you will, spread, is I think the word Terry uses, that exists between a relative A component of the NGL barrel between 2 locations at a particular point in time. And that is just -- and so what -- and you compare that to an exchange service fee, and as Terry mentioned earlier, when we work with our producers, the optimization piece is not part of the puzzle. The fee represents a fair exchange of cost, or revenue in our case, cost in the case of a producer, for us to gather the NGL barrel, bring it to our fractionation facility, fractionate it, distribute the finished products to a market center, and then monetize that product for the producer in the form of a price, less a fee. And so there's no spread component in the exchange services agreement.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Just -- and then adding to that, is that fee fixed that you're talking about to provide all those services, or does that fee itself also vary depending upon the volume that you're doing it for and the market price or how does that vary?
John W. Gibson: It varies by the quantity, the relative terms that the producer wants. Obviously, a producer that has more barrels is probably in a better position of negotiating with us than one that has fewer. But that's an example. But each of those contracts, although there's a fee, also has, sometimes, the ability for that fee to change based on increased quantities or actually reductions in quantity. And then, it also will include things like consumer price index, power price indexes, things of that nature, that the 2 parties agree to, to adjust the fees, so that neither party suffers relative to increased or decreased cost. And all of those things are negotiated in these exchange service agreements. And that's how we're able to get the term, is by reducing the amount of exposure to both parties, finding that good middle ground.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And that fee, is it basically on a -- I mean, I realize there's a lot of services here, is it the form, is it on a per barrel basis?
John W. Gibson: I think it's on per gallon but...
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Per gallon.
Terry K. Spencer: It can be on a per barrel or gallon basis, whatever you choose to do.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, just to help us for modeling purposes. Is there kind of a range that we should be thinking about? Or is that something you can't talk about?
Terry K. Spencer: We really can't talk about that.
John W. Gibson: I would say this though. We can't -- the piece in the marketplace that's transparent is the optimization spread. That's out there every day. The exchange with the producer is providing all those services and getting them, in essence, finished barrel, finished product pricing less the fee agreed to, to make all that happen for them. So if you pick Belvieu as the point in which the pricing under the contract is agreed to, it's going to be Belvieu pricing less the fee on the exchange service agreement, for simplicity's sake. And that is the producer's net back will be reduced by the fee that they pay ONEOK. And that fee can be adjusted, and we talked about some of those adjustments. Now what's happened is, as ethane has come off the system because of ethane rejection, it has created additional space in all of those pieces of pipe, whether it's gathering, whether it's fractionation, whether it's distributed pipelines, right? What ONEOK has been able to do for its own account is to either buy barrels at -- or sell barrel at Conway or buy barrels at Belvieu or sell barrels at Belvieu, buy barrels or move them back and forth, paying -- covering those costs and making money with that space that's been created by the fact that ethane is no longer being produced by that gas processor. So the ethane play on spread play is for our book. I mean, for the most part, that's the way to think about it. And then the other part is just an exchange of service for the -- with the producer for the services that we provide them and it removes, to a very large degree, removes any price risk.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's really helpful. And that actually is a good segue then to the question. I was trying to understand a little better that interaction between the ethane rejection and uplift from optimization. I mean, in the guidance that you gave, you went from $5.45 to $5.75 for the NGL segment. You were citing the optimization versus ethane rejection. Is there any way to sort of break that out? How much was the downshift from ethane rejection? How much was the uplift from optimization?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, what I...
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The net $30 million, how much was uplift from optimization, how much was lower from ethane rejection, I guess?
Terry K. Spencer: Let me try this. Without -- we don't -- as I've indicated to you before, we don't provide optimization volumes. But if you look at our guidance for 2013, and we're -- we've got ethane rejection in that guidance, okay? We're offsetting a considerable portion of that ethane rejection with the optimization activity. But if you look at optimization activity, to provide some relativity for you, if you look at the optimization margin that we expect to generate in our 2013 guidance, it's going to be in the range of what we have indicated we're going to be running, 15% to 20% of our margin, okay, will be from rejection. The rest of these things, minimum volume obligations, additional Bakken volume, significantly higher isom margins, various term transactions and commercial transactions in our marketing, those are all things that are going to contribute to that guidance. And optimization is that -- is in that -- is not an unusually large percentage.
John W. Gibson: So when confronted with the fact that ethane comes off the pipe, if you will, or comes out of the fractionator, so you've got this empty space, what are you going to do with it? Well, as I alluded to earlier, the optionality that the assets give you is to go out, because you have all these interconnected assets, the gathering, the fractionation, the distribution, the storage, you go out and you make the most out of all those assets and take place of what the -- take advantage or capture what the market gives you, and that's the optimization. The alternative is to let all these other things happen that Terry's talking about, the isomerization activities, the increased volumes that we've gotten from the new supply connections, et cetera, new pipeline out of the Bakken, you take all those things and those are all great things and they all added to and have added to and will add to our bottom line. But in addition to that, instead of just letting the space go empty, we've taken advantage of the optionality that the assets provide and capture some value for that. And as Terry's alluding to, it's not -- I mean -- we throw these millions of dollars around like they're nothing, but it's a decent amount of money, but it didn't turn the whole tide. It's not what puts us where we are today, the other stuff. Did that help you?
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. Maybe I'll follow-up a little bit further off-line.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Andrew J. Ziola: Well, thank you for joining us, everybody. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October, and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on November 5, followed by our conference call at 11 a.m. Eastern time, 10 a.m. Central on November 6. We'll provide details on the conference call at a later date. T.D. Eureste and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you all for joining.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Ziola - Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications John W. Gibson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of ONEOK PARTNERS and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK PARTNERS Derek S. Reiners - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Terry K. Spencer - President, Director and President of Oneok Inc Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President of Commercial and Executive Vice President of Commercial - Oneok Partners
Analysts: John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ketul Sakhpara - TPH Asset Management, LLC Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew J. Ziola: Thank you. And welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and many thanks to all of you for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and in ONEOK Partners. Joining me today are Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer; and Terry Spencer, our President. Also on the call and available to answer your questions are Pierce Norton, Executive Vice President of Commercial; and Rob Martinovich, Executive Vice President of Operations. Today we will review the first quarter 2013 financial results; review our progress on our growth projects, including projects completed and about to complete; and finish with some comments about our backlog and future growth projects. So let me start with our first quarter performance. Both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners' first quarter results were lower on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The partnership's earnings were lower primarily because of reduced NGL optimization margins, lower NGL volumes due to ethane rejection and lower realized commodity prices. And I'll provide a bit more color on that in a moment. On a positive note, the partnership continues to see the volume growth we expected in both the natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing businesses as a result of our completed capital projects. And that volume growth will continue as volumes from the new Stateline II natural gas processing plant and, of course, the Bakken NGL pipeline ramp-up. ONEOK's natural gas distribution segment turned in slightly higher results for the first quarter, reflecting higher rates, offset partially by higher share-based expenses. And our energy services segment reported a loss, although lower than the first quarter last year. This segment continues to face headwinds due to both low natural gas prices and volatility. As Terry will explain to you in more detail in his remarks, the partnership's NGL segment had a $90 million reduction in NGL optimization margins compared with the first quarter last year. Specifically in the first quarter of this year, the NGL price differential between Conway and Mont Belvieu was $0.01 per gallon for ethane while a year ago it was $0.24 per gallon. The other contributing factor to the reduction is that our NGL optimization volumes were lower than the a year-ago levels. And as you may recall, these lower NGL optimization volumes are intentional on our part as a result of our long-term strategy to convert more of the NGL transportation capacity previously used for optimization activities to fee-based revenues. The intent of this strategy is to reduce the earnings volatility attributable to price spreads. These 2 factors, the tighter NGL price differentials between Conway and Belvieu and less NGL optimization capacity, are the primary reasons of the quarter-over-quarter earnings decrease at the partnership. We also affirmed our 2013 earnings guidance ranges for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners based on the expectation that recently completed and soon-to-be completed projects will contribute earnings throughout the rest of the year. And Terry will provide you with more information on these projects in his remarks. Derek will now review ONEOK's financial highlights, followed by Terry, who will review ONEOK's operating performance. Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John, and good morning. ONEOK's first quarter net income was $113 million or $0.54 per diluted share compared with $123 million or $0.58 per diluted share for the same period last year. As a reminder, first quarter 2012 net income included $14 million or $0.07 per share from ONEOK's retail marketing business that was sold in February 2012. ONEOK Partners' results were lower in the first quarter compared with the same period last year due primarily to narrower NGL location differentials and lower realized NGL prices, offset somewhat by higher volumes mainly in the Williston Basin. The natural gas distribution segment posted higher results due to increased rates, offset partially by higher operating expenses. The energy services segment continues to face a challenging market. However, its results improved compared with last year's first quarter. ONEOK reaffirmed 2013 guidance with net income expected to be in the range of $350 million to $400 million and we have not made any adjustments to our 3-year guidance provided in February. In April, we declared a dividend of $0.36 per share, unchanged from the previous quarter. Subject to Board approval we expect to increase the dividend $0.02 per share in July and, as mentioned in our year-end conference call, we will reevaluate our dividend if market conditions improve. In the first quarter, ONEOK received $131 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 43% increase from the same period last year. ONEOK's first quarter 2013 standalone cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $125 million. We currently are and have been benefiting from bonus depreciation that was extended in January but we do not expect this benefit to continue after 2013. The resulting effect is that our cash payments for taxes are expected to rise in future years, thus reducing our free cash flow. Our slightly lower 3-year dividend growth rate announced in February reflects both the revised cash distributions anticipated from ONEOK Partners and our expectations about higher future cash taxes. We still expect to generate significant free cash flows in the future, which will be available to consider increasing the dividend, acquiring additional units of ONEOK Partners and/or repurchasing ONEOK shares. As we have said many times, we will consider each of these alternatives at the time but they are not mutually exclusive. ONEOK's liquidity position remains strong. At the end of the first quarter on a standalone basis, we had $551 million of commercial paper outstanding, $75 million of cash and cash equivalents, $647 million available under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, which we amended in March, extending the maturity to 2018. Our standalone debt to capitalization ratio was 45%. Now Terry will update you on ONEOK's operating performance.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek, and good morning. Let's start with our natural gas distribution segment. As you saw in the news release, first quarter 2013 earnings were higher compared with the same period last year, reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas. Operating costs were higher compared with the first quarter 2012 primarily because of share-based compensation expenses due to the appreciation of ONEOK's share price along with increasing pension expenses and property taxes. While energy services' earnings are up compared with the same period last year, it continues to experience challenging market conditions. In the first quarter, this segment realized an operating loss of $4.4 million compared with a loss of $30.7 million first quarter of 2012. We did see a reduction in storage and transportation costs of $7 million due to the reduction in our leased storage capacity. We have 53 Bcf of natural gas storage capacity under lease at the end of this quarter compared with nearly 76 Bcf at March 31, 2012. John, that concludes my remarks about ONEOK.
John W. Gibson: Okay. Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review with you the ONEOK Partners' financial performance and then we'll go back to Terry. He'll take a look at the partnership's operating performance, the growth projects and then give you a brief update on our view of the current and longer-term NGL market.
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John. In the first quarter, ONEOK Partners' net income was $157 million or $0.42 per unit compared with $239 million or $0.91 per unit in the first quarter of 2012. Distributable cash flow was $193 million in the quarter compared with $279 million in the first quarter of 2012, resulting in a coverage ratio of 0.81x for the first quarter, 2013. By comparison, our coverage ratio is 1.74x in the first quarter of 2012, when we realized higher NGL optimization margins benefiting from a $0.24 per gallon Conway-to-Mont Belvieu ethane differential, compared with a $0.01 per gallon differential in the first quarter of 2013. As we said then, we did not believe the wide NGL location price differential was sustainable and, as a result, did not raise our distribution to unitholders, which is why the coverage ratio was so high. Our long-term annual coverage ratio target remains at 1.05 to 1.15x. However, as we discussed in our year-end earnings conference call, we expect our full year 2013 coverage ratio to be less than our target but still greater than 1x. We reaffirmed 2013 net income guidance range of $790 million to $870 million and distributable cash flow range of $910 million to $1.0 billion and we did not make any changes to our 3-year growth forecast that we provided on February. We increased the distribution declared by $0.005 per unit for the first quarter of 2013, an increase of 13% from the first quarter of 2012. Subject to Board approval, we expect to increase our distributions by $0.005 per quarter for the remainder of 2013. In the earnings release, you will note some updates in our hedging information. NGL hedges increased to 64% of our expected equity volumes for 2013. Condensate hedges remained at 83%. And 78% of our natural gas is now hedged for 2013, thus reducing a significant amount of the commodity risk in the natural gas gathering and processing segment for the remainder of 2013. We also added new natural gas hedges for 2014 and 2015, which is also included in the earnings release. We also revised our tables on commodity sales volumes in our gathering and processing segment by combining our percentage of proceeds and keep-whole quantities and deducting fuel, which has become a more significant component as compression is added to accommodate our volume growth. We manage our equity, natural gas and NGL positions in total as opposed to the form of contract by which we receive those volumes. So this presentation is consistent with how we manage our risk. Furthermore, keep-whole contracts now represent less than 2% of our volumes. And we expect this percentage to continue to decrease as our new natural gas processing plants are completed. In addition most of our keep-whole contracts have conditioning language that prevent them from generating a negative margin. During the first quarter, the partnership sold $16 million in common units through our at-the-market equity program. At the end of the first quarter, the partnership had $69 million in cash and cash equivalents, no commercial paper or borrowings on our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility outstanding, our long-term debt to capitalization ratio was 52% and our debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.3x. And finally, from a financing perspective, we continue to have multiple sources of liquidity available to us and we remain confident in our ability to raise the necessary capital to fund the growth at ONEOK Partners, which include cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet, access to our $1.2 billion credit facility with the option to request an increase to $1.7 billion and access to our $300 million at-the-market program that allows the partnership to offer common units for sale in the market. These items enable us to be opportunistic from a timing perspective as we look to access public equity and debt markets. Now Terry will update you on the partnership's operating performance.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek. As John noted, the biggest contributor to ONEOK Partners' quarter-over-quarter earnings decline was significantly narrower NGL location price differentials between the Conway, Kansas, and Mont Belvieu, Texas, market hubs, driven largely by our industry's current high ethane inventory position. I'll provide more color on these market dynamics in just a few minutes during my review of segment performance. The natural gas gathering and processing segment's first quarter financial results were lower due primarily to lower realized NGL prices and higher compression and operating costs due to the projects we placed in service over the last year, partially offset by higher natural gas volumes gathered and processed. Natural gas volumes gathered and processed continue to grow, driven by increased well connections in the Williston Basin and Western Oklahoma. For the first quarter, natural gas volumes gathered increased 16% and natural gas volumes processed increased almost 30%, driven by the new Garden Creek and Stateline I natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure projects completed in 2012. Both the Garden Creek and Stateline I natural gas processing plants are operating near their 100 million cubic feet per day capacity. Stateline II, which was recently completed, is expected to reach capacity later this year. We expect to connect more than 1,000 wells to our gathering systems in 2013 in both the Williston Basin and the Mid-Continent. That will enable us to achieve our volume expectations this year. The first quarter was a bit challenging on the well connection front due to inclement winter weather conditions. Despite those challenges, we still connected 270 wells in the quarter compared with 200 wells in the first quarter last year. The flaring of natural gas in the Williston Basin continues but, in the areas we operate, flaring is decreasing, so our new infrastructure is making a positive impact. Our realized composite NGL price was $0.85 per gallon for the first quarter of 2013 compared with $1.09 in the first quarter 2012 and $1.05 in the fourth quarter of 2012. NGL prices in the first quarter were 22% lower, a $13 million impact in the segment compared with the first quarter last year and 19% lower than in the fourth quarter 2012. The natural gas pipeline segment's first quarter financial results were higher due primarily to higher rates on Guardian Pipeline, increased capacity contracted on our interstate pipelines and higher natural gas storage margins. Equity earnings from Northern Border Pipeline were lower in the first quarter of 2013 due to reduced transportation rates on Northern Border Pipeline due to a rate settlement with its shippers that took effect in January. Our natural gas liquids segment's first quarter results were lower due primarily to significantly narrower Conway-to-Mont Belvieu NGL price differentials, which negatively impacted our optimization activities by $90 million compared with the first quarter of last year. This decrease was offset partially by higher NGL volumes gathered in the Williston Basin, increased fee-based NGL exchange services activities and higher revenues from customers with minimum volume obligations. To put this narrow NGL location price differential impact in perspective, the first quarter 2013 Conway-to-Mont Belvieu ethane price differential was $0.01 per gallon compared with $0.24 per gallon in the first quarter 2012. While the NGL segment's optimization activities were impacted significantly by these lower differentials, as we've said many times before, we continue to execute on our strategy to recontract our optimization capacity under long-term, fee-based contracts that will substantially reduce our exposure to NGL location price differentials. In our 2013 financial guidance, we have assumed the ethane differential between Conway and Mont Belvieu will average $0.05 per gallon during the year. In April, the ethane differential reached $0.09, up considerably from the $0.01 per gallon we averaged in the first quarter. Accordingly, we expect substantial improvement in our optimization margins in the coming months. Given the excess ethane inventories on the Gulf Coast, we expect our throughput in the natural gas liquids business to continue to be affected by ethane rejection throughout much of this year with a return to a normal days of ethane supply inventory level later in 2013 and consistent ethane recovery in 2014 and 2015 with only intermittent periods of ethane rejection. Our NGL team remains focused on making sure that our unique and well-positioned NGL network continues to provide value to our customers and shareholders regardless of market conditions. Now an update on our projects. The Stateline II natural gas processing plant and the Bakken NGL pipeline are in service with increasing volumes. Congratulations to all of the ONEOK employees, contractors, landowners, federal, state and local officials, who worked with us to bring these projects online safely on time and on budget. We continue to develop our backlog of unannounced growth projects that is between $2 billion and $3 billion and includes natural gas, NGL and crude oil-related infrastructure. These potential growth projects are within our current footprint and include natural gas processing plants and pipelines, NGL fractionation and storage facilities and some crude oil-related projects. Potential crude oil-related projects include rail loading facilities, storage and pipelines. As is our practice, we will announce these projects when we have secured sufficient commitments from customers. Now a brief update on the NGL markets. First, inventories and ethane rejection. Ethane and propane inventories are decreasing, primarily as a result of ethane rejection and the startup of a new propane export facility on the Gulf Coast. With continued high petchem utilization rates expected throughout 2013, we expect inventories to continue their decline. We believe the industry's current ethane rejection level exceeds 200,000 barrels per day based on what we've seen from Mid-Continent and Rockies plants connected to our NGL systems. We currently are experiencing more than 90,000 barrels per day of ethane rejection across our NGL systems and expect it to remain at those levels for much of this year. Now to prices. You'll recall that, in February, we updated our 2013 equity NGL composite price assumption for the natural gas gathering and processing segment to $0.66 per gallon. Our 2013 equity NGL composite price is weighted more to Conway due to contractual commitments. To be clear, this price is at-the-market hubs before transportation and fractionation fee deduction. The $0.66 per gallon is calculated on a full ethane recovery basis. By comparison, with reduced ethane recovery in 2013, our realized NGL composite prices are expected to be closer to $0.85 per gallon. Our 2014 and 2015 NGL price assumptions have not changed since our last conference call and are available online in our most recent investor presentation. Our composite NGL price assumptions for 2014 and 2015 will be primarily on a Mont Belvieu basis. The change to Mont Belvieu pricing in 2014 and 2015 reflects the expected completion of our Sterling III Pipeline in late 2013, providing our customers with more access to the Mont Belvieu market. And finally, as NGL supply growth continues at a rapid pace, we expect the ethane markets to be [indiscernible] through much of '13 [indiscernible] ethane rejection. We expect natural gas market will [indiscernible] in 2014 and 2015 with impairment periods of ethane rejection. We anticipate an undersupplied position as we move through 2016 into 2017, when we expect ethane demand to increase when petchem expansions and new, world-class facilities are completed. While growing NGL production has outpaced end-use demand in the near term, we believe demand will grow over the longer term, putting us in a position to serve that growth because of our well-positioned and integrated midstream assets. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, I'd like to just spend a few moments to provide you with some additional comments on our future growth projects. For the last year or so, we've communicated a $2 billion plus backlog of unannounced projects and, during that same timeframe, we've announced $1.5 billion of new projects but the backlog remained unchanged. As Terry discussed early, the partnership's current project backlog is now $2 billion to $3 billion and I'm confident that, over time, we will add to that backlog just as we have in the past. We have always chosen to not discuss publicly the specifics of the projects in our backlog, primarily for competitive reasons. Even though we won't provide insight into the type of projects we're working on and their specifics, I can tell you that we are not interested in acquiring assets or developing projects that involve exploration and production, refineries, petchem or petrochemical crackers, electric power generation, retail marketing of CNG or heavy truck transportation. Every one of our projects starts by understanding the supply and demand of hydrocarbons and where we have a sustainable competitive advantage to provide the assets or services necessary to connect supply with demand. As Terry mentioned, we will continue to grow in our current businesses and our projects are always focused on applying our core capabilities to create value for our customers and our company. In closing, I'd like to again, thank you -- thank our more than 4,800 employees, whose dedication and commitment allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly everyday and create exceptional value for our investors and our customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company as successful as it is today. Operator, we're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from John Edwards of Credit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up with a question kind of on the NGL market outlook. I guess I'm trying to figure out -- I mean, we kind of share your view, I guess, if you look at the petchem market being relatively robust in the 2016-and-beyond timeframe but we figure the market probably to be more balanced. I think you said you thought it would be ethane undersupplied at that time but we figure the steam crackers wouldn't get built if it were undersupplied. So I'm just wondering -- I'm just trying to figure out how to reconcile the comment, where you were thinking it would be undersupplied in the future as opposed to, say, more balanced?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, that's a great question, John. I think that when you look at this over the long term and when we sit down and talk to these petrochemical companies, they recognize as you look at what's being developed today and you look at the potential demand for another 700,000 barrels a day for ethane as you reach this 2017 timeframe, they recognize that there's a potential for an undersupplied situation. However, they recognize, too, that there's a lot of potential in these shale plays and that there is a lot of capacity being developed upstream and that the midstream companies are going to do what they need to do to make that supply materialize. So the projects, at least as they're indicating to us, are going to happen and the fact that we're painting this picture of an ethane undersupply doesn't seem to affect them one bit in terms of their psychology.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So the belief -- I guess, to clarify, the thought process is that the -- with the demand being significant that really, as prices improve, the supplies -- it may not be on an announced project base at this time but it's likely to come? I mean, it seems to us every time there's any kind of price recovery, more ethane comes to market, which is why it looks to us we're in a sort of prolonged oversupply situation until these petchem projects come online. Is that kind of the thought process?
Terry K. Spencer: I mean, certainly in the near term, we feel that way. In this 2014 to 2015 timeframe, there's going to be continued demand creep and we've seen it as recently as this first quarter. We've seen 50,000 barrels a day of incremental ethane demand come from some expansions that have started up. So the experts continue to see this happen. The other thing that's going to happen, particularly with propane prices running up with the export demand, you're going to see this switchover from propane to ethane occur. And that happened significantly in the first quarter. So as you move into this 2014 timeframe, we think the markets are going to be more balance. And it's not really going to be until you get into that 2016 and 2017 timeframe, where we're going to be kind of behind the 8 ball. The thing you've got to remember, too, with these petrochemical companies is the demand pull they're seeing on their side for ethylene in the world market is huge. The spreads that they're realizing are off the charts. And so it is going to take something extremely major to get them to change their minds in terms of building and continuing to build out these world-class crackers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions for me. One, it seemed like your operating expenses just kind of across-the-board, particularly the NGL and G&P segments, was up quite a bit. Was there anything just kind of unusual going on there? Or should I be viewing that as kind of new normalized levels, given the amount of investment you've made?
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, at a high level, I mean, certainly we're bringing on these new processing plants and so we're going to incur increased operating expenses. So our per unit operating expenses are going to be higher. But until we get the volumes behind these plants -- I mean, when you operate a processing plant, it costs you about the same amount of money to operate a processing plant that's at 25% load as it does to operate one that's at 100% load. So you're going to -- as you ramp up, you're going to go through this period of higher per unit operating cost on the front end because you're bearing the full load. Then on top of that, you're bearing depreciation and then interest expenses and the whole nine yards, okay? So until we get these plants full, which we expect to do later on this year, you're going to see these higher per unit costs. And as we fill that volume up, the per unit operating cost will go down.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Did you see any weather disruptions in the first quarter that had a material impact on results?
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, we always see winter in the Bakken. So we had some pretty significant inclement weather that affected us really more from a well connect standpoint. Not much of an impact, though, from an expected revenue standpoint. We had severe weather, I think, the quarter a year ago. So I mean, it's to be expected. So I'm not going to bellyache about 24 inches of snowfall.
Michael J. Blum - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And my last question on energy services. Given the increase in natural gas prices and we've seen, at least in some areas, a widening of basis differentials, is it fair to conclude that, that'll result in some uplift in that business? I mean, are you able to capture some of that change in the market?
Pierce H. Norton: Michael, this is Pierce. Actually, the biggest impact that we're going to see in energy services is due to expiring contracts on the transport and storage side. We're going to be reducing about $29 million year-over-year. That's going to have a bigger impact. We're still seeing pressure on the winter-summer spreads, as well as the location spreads.
Operator: Your next question comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: On the NGL segment, can you talk a little bit about where you see volumes going across the year relative to ethane rejection? I think you said you were seeing roughly 90,000 barrels a day of ethane rejection yet the NGLs distributed fell by about 140,000 barrels a day. Can you kind of reconcile that difference there and then where you see volumes ramping up across the year, if any? And also on the fractionation side, talk a little bit about the reduction relative to the fourth quarter and how you see that ramping up across the year.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I'll take the first part of your question, Becca. The 90,000 barrels a day is what we're expecting for pretty much most of this year. We don't really see that changing. We've seen ethane prices and natural gas prices move around a lot in this first quarter. But the volume of rejection has really stayed fairly steady. So we really don't expect a change. From a residue standpoint at these processing plants, the pipelines seemed to be just fine taking the natural gas, so there's not any significant quality issues that we've seen. So we expect that level to stay around the 90,000 barrels per day. And then to your other question, Pierce, do you want to grab...
Pierce H. Norton: I mean, the only thing that I would add to that, Becca, is that we will see significant volume growth in the Williston Basin. We're averaging about 261,000 a day currently and we have capacity up there to process 400,000 a day. So as Terry indicated, we expect to get those plants filled up more towards the end of the year, so you're going to see significant growth in the Williston. We also will see growth from third-party plants that affect our NGL business down in the Mid-Continent as they come on. Fractionation right now is running slightly higher than what it averaged in the first quarter, so we expect that to be there. And then like Terry said, we do expect the ethane rejection to continue through the end of the year.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: But can you reconcile the 90,000 barrels a day of ethane rejection versus the roughly 140,000 barrel a day reduction in NGLs distributed from the fourth quarter to the first quarter?
Terry K. Spencer: Becca, I think that maybe this might help. One of the other things that we expect to happen is, in the third quarter of 2013, we're going to be starting up that MB-2 fractionator. So we'll see a significant ramp-up in NGL volume when we start that facility up. So that might get you part of the way there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: A couple of quick questions. I know you don't historically talk about the size of the Conway-to-Belvieu optimization capacity you have open. But as you work to bring this down, focusing more on fee-based earnings, can you quantify the ramp-down over time maybe in percentage ranges?
Unknown Executive: Craig, we really haven't given any kind of forward looks on what that ramp-down is. But I mean, you can look at our margins and see that there was a significant change in the exchange in storage and transportation quarter-over-quarter. So we still continue to think that's going to happen. One of the big movers is going to be when Sterling III comes online because we do not have that risk there that, that is contracted by volumes. So when that comes on, that can make a significant difference in the shift over the optimization volumes currently seen.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And have you altered your long-term view of what is the sustainable Conway-to-Belvieu spreads?
Terry K. Spencer: No, we haven't. We still -- as we've indicated for this year, $0.05 a gallon for ethane and looking in the $0.10 a gallon range as we move out to 2014 and 2015. We still feel strongly, as we've said many, many times before, we expect these spreads to narrow and they have narrowed. And they're going to move back into that cost-of-build range. And so certainly, our view over this next 2 to 3 years has remained at that level.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And last question. We're kind of getting into an unusual situation here with gas up another $0.09 today, where ethane rejection, which in recent periods had been driven more by low NGL prices, could be driven a little more in future periods by high gas prices. So can you speak to the relative impact of that? Since your low [indiscernible] on gas, it's obviously not quite the same impact as just having low ethane prices.
Terry K. Spencer: Right. I mean, when we look at natural gas as far as it affects our business, our gathering and processing business, we're well hedged at pretty attractive prices. When you look at our customers on the NGL front, certainly those spreads, the ethane spread in particular that you're referring to, affects their throughput. Certainly, if natural gas prices go higher, it could affect their economics. But we saw very low prices in the first quarter for ethane and our view is that if those prices -- as weak as those spreads were, that 90,000 barrels a day seemed to act like a floor.
John W. Gibson: The other thing to consider is most of those customers, NGL customers, have also hedged much like we have. So their economic decisions, for most case, have been made. I don't think we expect to see significant difference in the amount of ethane rejected due to the rising natural gas price for that reason.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: But there's certainly the possibility of a prolonging of the trend. Isn't that correct?
Terry K. Spencer: Certainly, that's a possibility. I think that one of the things, too, that you have to keep in mind, too, is last year when you're talking specifically about natural gas, we saw significant coal displacement in the power generation sector. Just based upon what the experts are saying this year, probably not going to see that.
John W. Gibson: So to think about this, 2 different fronts. One is gathering and processing, rising gas prices help us. So we're good with that. The second thing is, theoretically, you're correct. Rising gas prices relative to NGL prices puts more pressure on the ethane rejection volumes. But as we look at the NGL customers that are on our system, most of them are fairly effectively hedged as it relates to 2013 and, really, into 2014. So we don't anticipate to the NGL segment a significant increase in the amount of ethane rejected than from our current levels.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: And last take on this. Is a lot of the 2013 impact simply because of the Conway pricing and really not as much an issue when you start thinking about relative pricing on a Mont Belvieu basis between ethane and gas?
John W. Gibson: I believe that to be true. The first point is the one that we're trying to get across in our comments. And if you look back a year ago, our comments were along the line with this high coverage ratio and high ethane spread between Belvieu and Conway that we didn't think they were sustainable, so we didn't increase our distribution. We foretold that industry infrastructure would have the impact of narrowing that spread over time. And that has come to fruition. And during that time period and even before, I think you'll note that we've been looking to reduce the amount of volume we have that we utilize for optimization and that's the reason why. So I think on both points I'd agree with you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital.
Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Thanks for all the information, your thoughts on ethane markets near-term and longer-term. Can you maybe touch on your view as NGL production increases? How you see the heavier end of the barrel, supply-demand dynamics shaping up there?
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Elvira. We do see supply growing on the heavier end of the barrel. In particular, you've heard a lot of discussion about normal butane being an issue. But one of the things that has been emerging, much like for propane, the export markets have been increasing, not just for propane but for LPGs as a whole. So the heavier end of the barrel, in particular normal butanes, are finding its way into the export pool as well. So as those volumes continue to grow, they will continue to drive attractive price levels in the international markets and find their way into the export pool. At least that's what experts are telling us.
Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then in terms of kind of expanding into crude oil, would you consider doing an acquisition to actually gain a foothold in that market?
John W. Gibson: Yes, we would.
Operator: And our next question comes from Helen Ryoo with Barclays.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Question on your fractionation volume, I guess. It came down quite a bit versus Q4. I'm just wondering, is that mostly Mid-Continent fractionators that took the hit there?
Terry K. Spencer: Helen, it's a combination of Mid-Continent and Rockies. And it's mostly ethane rejection.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So your Mont Belvieu fractionators really did not suffer volume decline?
Terry K. Spencer: We had some impact at Mont Belvieu, as well. Across our fractionators, we had impact.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But vast majority, you would say, is in Mid-Continent and Rockies?
Terry K. Spencer: Mid-Continent and Rockies. That's correct.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And I know a lot of your new projects come with 100% volume commitment and your new projects are mostly in the Mont Belvieu area. So as you think about having these new MB-2, MB-3 coming, should those fractionators be subject to volume risk? Or are they pretty much well protected because of the contracts?
Terry K. Spencer: Helen, they're pretty much protected from a volume standpoint because the vast majority of these contracts are, as you say, they're firm-based, frac-or-pay or ship-or-pay type contracts. So they're going to be pretty well insulated from volume risks. However, they won't start up chock-a-block full when we begin. But the revenue streams will be there.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So there's going to be some ramp-up period. But once you fill it up -- once you've reached a certain level, you should not worry about volume fluctuating?
Terry K. Spencer: That's correct. I think one other comment that I'll make as it relates to these firm contracts, and I've made this comment before, is not every one of these contracts is 100% firm. So when we negotiate these contract rates, there will be a very high percentage, 90% or so -- and I'm not going to give you details for competitive reasons. But there will be some high percentage of that contract that will be structured firm.
Heejung Ryoo - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then just another quick clarification. Did you say that because -- are you changing your NGL price assumption for the year? I know it started at $0.66. But what was your comment that now -- that you've realized $0.85 that, that's sort of the level that you're looking at for the remainder of the year?
Terry K. Spencer: Helen, the reason it came up to $0.85 is because the $0.66 was based on a full ethane recovery, and so when you -- in actuality, we're not at full ethane recovery because we're not recovering ethane in the Rockies or the Bakken. So when you calculate the weighted average composite price, assuming no ethane recovery in the Bakken, you'd come up with this $0.85.
Operator: And our final question comes from Ketul Sakhpara with TPH Asset Management.
Ketul Sakhpara - TPH Asset Management, LLC: A couple of quick questions. The new fracs that are coming up in Mont Belvieu, does this level of ethane rejection change the ramp-up schedule or the ramp-up schedule still remains relatively the same?
Terry K. Spencer: I didn't understand -- could you repeat that question? I didn't hear it all.
Ketul Sakhpara - TPH Asset Management, LLC: Okay. So does the ramp-up schedule get affected because of the ethane rejection, the ramp-up schedule for your new Mont Belvieu fractionators that are coming up online?
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, it will affect it. It will be affected by ethane rejection to the extent it extends -- ethane rejection extends into that -- during that period. But remember, as I've mentioned just on the previous question, much of that capacity is subscribed under firm, frac-or-pay contracts.
Ketul Sakhpara - TPH Asset Management, LLC: Okay. Do you think that ramp-up schedule is 12 to 18 months, above 18 months to get to 60%, 70% of the capacity? Have you given any color on that?
Terry K. Spencer: I think our expectation is to be full during the 2014 timeframe.
Ketul Sakhpara - TPH Asset Management, LLC: Okay. The shift from -- now moving to your optimization volumes. The shift from optimization volumes to fee-based volumes, should we see that in the NGL transported distribution lines volumes? Or where should we see those volumes show up?
Terry K. Spencer: Where you'll see it actually, and you've seen it actually in the financials that we produced for this quarter. Where you'll see it is in exchange services, okay? So like if you look at the quarter, we said $40 million improvement in exchange services quarter-over-quarter. Most of that is this recontracting that we're talking about. That's where you'll see it. But it'll be -- from a physical volume standpoint, you'll see it in your gathered volume and you will see it in some of your transportation volume, as well.
Ketul Sakhpara - TPH Asset Management, LLC: Okay. All right. And as more and more ethane is being rejected, the Btu content of gas keeps going up. Have you seen any issues with that content affecting the pipeline gas that is being shipped in terms of are they exceeding the maximum Btu content allowed on natural gas transportation pipelines on any of your systems anywhere or that's not an issue so far?
Terry K. Spencer: It's really not been an issue so far. I've not heard anything really significant in the way of downstream end users having to adjust their -- significantly adjust their operations to accommodate the ethane left in the gas train.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You talk about growing all of these businesses at OKS and just mentioned that you would consider acquiring crude assets to enter that market. It would seem to me that growing the utility business is very low on this list, given the growth for everything else is just better. How important is it to keep these assets maybe with respect to investment-grade rating? It seems like you would be able to pay the dividend no problem without these assets. So just kind of trying to get your thoughts on possibly divesting these assets, whether through sale or tax-free spin, to become a more pure-play EGP [ph]?
John W. Gibson: Well, as I've indicated before, that we at the Board level continue to discuss our structure and try to determine that ultimate and/or most efficient structure. Clearly, as you point out, most of our growth has occurred inside the partnership. We've not been successful in paying the values requested in the marketplace for distribution assets. We have said that we believe that the distribution assets at the OKE level do have a positive impact on our credit rating. So the answer to your question is we continue to look at that, from a Board's perspective, at what is the right structure. And we continue to come back to where we are today. But we can't emphasize enough how much we spend time looking at that and talking about it.
Christine Cho - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I guess, would you be able to keep your investment-grade rating without those assets? I mean, how hard would that be?
John W. Gibson: Well, first of all, we don't make that decision. I don't mean to be sharp about that. But that isn't our call. So what we think -- well, we can just speculate but I don't want to speculate on this call.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Ziola, I'll go ahead and turn the call over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Andrew J. Ziola: Yes. Thank you for joining us, everyone, this morning. Before you hang up, a quick note on our Annual Investor Day, which is normally held in early fall. This year, it will be held on December 3 in New York. A save the date notice will be sent out in the coming weeks. Our quiet period for the first quarter -- for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on July 30, followed by our conference call at 11:00 a.m. Eastern, 10:00 a.m. Central, on July 31. We'll provide details on the conference call at a later date. T.D. Eureste and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Andrew Ziola  Manager-Investor Relations John W. Gibson  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Derek S. Reiners  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Terry K. Spencer  President 
Analysts:  Christopher P. Sighinolfi  UBS Securities LLC Stephen J. Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co. Timm Schneider  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc. John D. Edwards  Credit Suisse Securities LLC Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Michael J. Blum  Wells Fargo Securities LLC  
Operator:  Good day and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners 2012 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id turn the conference call over to your host, Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you, Karen, and welcome to ONEOK and ONEOK Partners fourth quarter and year-end 2012 earnings conference call. Id remind you that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker will be John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Mr. John?
John W. Gibson: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and many thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest in investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me today are Derek Reiners, our newly named Chief Financial Officer who will review our quarterly results and revised 2013 and three-year earnings guidance; Terry Spencer, our President who will review our operating performance, update you on the partnerships growth projects, which are on time and on budget, and also discuss current market conditions including NGL supply and demand and the implications of lower NGL prices; also on the call and available to answer questions are Pierce Norton, Executive Vice President of Commercial and Rob Martinovich, Executive Vice President of Operations. Id like at this time to thank Rob and Pierce for their contributions in their previous roles, and congratulate them and others on their new assignments that we announced in December. On this mornings call we will review our fourth quarter and 2012 financial results discussed our revised 2013 earnings guidance and our revised three year financial forecast that have been updated to reflect lower expected results in the partnership primarily in our NGL segment due to the impact of anticipated prolonged ethane rejection. We will review our progress on our growth projects including our projects we are about to complete, and close with some comments about our future growth prospects. Let start with our fourth quarter and year-end performance, ONEOK Partners turned in a solid performance for the year reflecting continued volume growth in both the Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing businesses primarily as a result of our past capital investments. However our 2012 fourth quarter results were lower compared with the same period in 2011, when we experienced historically wide NGL location price differentials. Our natural gas distribution segment turned in higher results for both the fourth quarter and the year reflecting primarily higher rates and lower share based compensation and other employee related cost, and our energy services segment reported a loss due to the continued challenges it faces in a low natural gas price and over supplied environment. Terry will provide you more detail on each segments operating performance in just a few minutes. We have revised our 2013 earnings guidance and our three year financial forecast, which include a reduction in our ONEOK dividend and ONEOK Partners distribution growth forecast for 2013, and for the three-year period through 2015, half of the reduction in our revised 2013 operating income is in our NGL segment, and as a result of lower expected NGL volumes due to anticipated widespread and prolonged ethane rejection, and to a lesser extent, tighter NGL location price differentials, and lower commodity prices. Of course, as industry conditions improve, we will reevaluate our 2013 guidance including our current dividend and distribution projections. These reductions in our distribution and dividend growth forecast are based our commitment to not sacrifice our investment grade credit ratings at ONEOK or at ONEOK Partners or our distribution coverage ratio at the partnership for the sake of three-year dividend and distribution growth rates. Our projected 2013 distribution increase allows us to maintain a coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.05 times at ONEOK Partners. Although lower our projected distribution and dividend growth rates still rank high among our peers and we remain confident in our ability to grow both ONEOKs dividends and ONEOK Partners distributions over the next several years, delivering both value and wealth to our shareholders and unitholders even in a challenging industry environment. At this time, Derek will now review ONEOKs financial highlights followed by Terry who will review ONEOKs operating performance. Derek?
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John, and good morning. ONEOKs fourth quarter net income was $112 million or $0.53 per diluted share, compared with $115 million or $0.55 per diluted share for the same period last year. Results in the partnership were lower in the fourth quarter compared with the same period in 2011 due to narrower NGL price differentials compared with historically wide differentials in 2011. Natural gas and NGL volume growth at the partnership was solid, as a result of several growth projects completed in 2012. Results from the natural gas distribution segment were higher due to increased rates in all three states and lower operating expenses. Challenges in the Energy Services segment continue with lower storage and marketing margins, and lower premium services margins. ONEOKs full year net income was approximately $361 million unchanged from 2011 and its 2012 standalone cash flow before changes in working capital of $709 million exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $141 million. In 2012, ONEOK received $437 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 31% increase over 2011. As John mentioned, our 2013 net income guidance is now expected to be in the range of $350 million to $400 million due to lower anticipated earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment. Terry will discuss the specific segment guidance revisions in a moment. As stated in our news release, ONEOK now expects its net income to increase by an average of 15% to 20% annually over the three-year period ending in 2015. In January, we increased our dividend $0.03 to $0.36 per share, an 18% increase since January 2012, the expected dividend increase in July 2013 has been revised to $0.02 per share subject to Board approval. This increase will result in a total dividend increase of 17% for 2013 compared with 2012, and as John indicated if market conditions improve we will reevaluate our dividends. We also revised ONEOK expectations to increase dividends by approximately 55% to 65% between 2012, and 2015 subject to Board approval, and we have affirmed ONEOKs long-term dividend target payoff of 60% to 70% of recurring earnings, but expect to exceed that target in the near term. We increased our 2013 guidance for standalone cash flow after dividends in capital expenditures to a range of $195 million to $235 million. This increase is primarily driven by lower anticipated current taxes from the impact of bonus depreciation legislation extended by Congress in January. ONEOKs liquidity position remains strong and we continue to take the necessary steps to maintain our investment grade credit rating as John mentioned a moment ago. At the end of the fourth quarter on a standalone basis we had $817 million of commercial paper outstanding, $47 million of cash and cash equivalents, and $282 million in natural gas in storage, with $381 million available under our $1.2 billion credit facility, and our standalone long-term debt to capitalization ratio was at 45%. ONEOKs cash flow and liquidity position continue to give us financial flexibility to further increase our dividend purchase additional units of ONEOK Partners, and/or repurchase ONEOK stock under our approved share repurchase program. We have used all three of these options and do not view them as mutually exclusive. Now Terry will update you on ONEOKS operating performance
Terry K. Spencer: Thanks Derek and good morning. Let me begin my comments with our natural gas distribution segment. Fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings were higher compared with the same period last year. Reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Texas, and lower share based compensation cost as result of fewer shares of the Companys common stock being awarded to employees in 2012 as part of our stock award program. The natural gas distribution segments operating income guidance for 2013 remains at $227 million. On the regulatory front, the Kansas Corporation Commission in December 2012 approved an increase in Kansas Gas Services annual rates by a net amount of $10 million, which became effective in January. Energy Services continues to experience a very challenging market, and for 2012 the segment realized an operating loss of $78 million due to low natural gas prices, and low natural gas price volatility, and narrower location and seasonal natural gas price differentials. Energy Services segment 2013 guidance remains at an operating loss of $20 million as it continues to face tough market conditions, but we are making progress and our efforts to realign our leased storage and our transport capacity with the needs of our premium service with customers. John that concludes my remarks to ONEOK.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review ONEOK Partners financial performance, and then Terry will come back and review the Partnerships operating performance, its growth projects, and give you an update on our view of the current long-term NGL market dynamics.
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John. ONEOK Partners full year 2012 net income was $888 million, a 7% increase compared with 2011s record performance. ONEOK Partners fourth quarter net income was $210 million, compared with $299 million for the same period last year. The fourth quarter results reflect natural gas and NGL volume growth as a result of several growth projects completed in 2012, but results were offset by narrower NGL location price differentials. For 2012, distributable cash flow increased 7% compared with 2011 resulting in an annual coverage ratio of 1.34 times. Quarterly distributable cash flow decreased compared with the fourth quarter of 2011, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.04 times. Our long-term annual coverage ratio target remains at 1.05 to 1.15 times, however in 2013 given ethane rejection and projected low commodity prices, our coverage ratio could be slightly below that, but we still expect to maintain a greater than 1.0 times coverage for 2013. Again, we will not sacrifice our credit metrics on investment grade credit ratings for the sake of holding to specific distribution growth rates. Weve reduced the partnerships 2013 net income guidance range to $790 million to $870 million and distributable cash flow is now expected to be in the range of $910 million to $1.0 billion, both are slightly lower than 2012 actual results. As mentioned in the news release, ONEOK Partners now expects EBITDA to increase by an average of 15% to 20% annually over a three-year period. We increase the distribution $0.025 per unit in the fourth quarter of 2012, an increase of 16% over the fourth quarter of 2011 distribution. Our 2013 revised guidance now includes a projected $0.05 per unit per quarter increase in unitholder distribution subject to Board approval, which would result in a total distribution increase of 7% for 2013 compared with 2012. The partnership now estimates an average annual distribution growth rate of 8% to 12% for the period between 2012 and 2015 subject to Board approval. The revisions to the three-year forecast are driven by expected 2013 results and also lower expected NGL exchange margins in the Rockies and lower expected commodity prices in 2014 and 2015. In our updated hedging tables, weve increased our NGL hedges to 45%, while 79% of our natural gas is hedged for 2013, complete hedging information for 2013 and 2014 is included in the news release. We updated our 2013 capital expenditure guidance to $2.6 billion to reflect our latest forecast that incorporates the cancelation of the Bakken Crude Express project, the additional growth projects we announced last month and some plan 2012 capital spending that carried into 2013. One item that quickly point out in 2013 earnings guidance is a below the line reduction of approximately $20 million, and the allowance for equity funds used during construction or AFUDC. As a result of the cancelation of the Bakken Crude Express project and the 2012 capital spending carryover I just mentioned. At the end of the fourth quarter, the partnership had $537 million in cash and cash equivalents, no commercial outstanding or borrowings on our $1.2 billion credit facility. The long-term debt to capitalization ratio of 52% and a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.0 times. And finally, from a financing perspective, we have multiple sources of liquidity available to us, and we are confident in our ability to raise the necessary capital to fund the growth at ONEOK Partners. A few key items to point out, we currently have cash on the balance sheet, we have full access to our $1.2 billion credit facility, and the option to request an increase to $1.7 billion if necessary and we now have in place and at the market, our ATM program that allows the partnership to offer common units up to $300 million. These items enable us to be opportunistic from a timing perspective as we look to access the public equity and debt markets. This concludes my remarks. And now Terry will update you on the partnerships operating performance.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek. As John said, the partnership performed well in 2012. the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segments fourth quarter financial results were higher due primarily to volume growth, driven by increased well connections within our Williston Basin footprint. This volume growth was offset partially by higher compression costs and lower margins realized from new contracts as we compete for new and existing volumes in the Williston and lower realized natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. For 2012, natural gas volumes gathered increased to more than 8% and natural gas volumes processed increased more than 20%, driven by the new processing plants and related infrastructure projects completed last year. The Garden Creek natural gas processing plant continues to operate nearer to 100 million cubic feet per day capacity. Our Stateline I plant in the Williston Basin went into service in September 2012 and is also operating near capacity. Our Stateline II plant is expected to be in service this quarter with volumes steadily ramping up over the next several months, particularly after the completion of the Divide County natural gas gathering systems in the third quarter of this year. In 2013, we expect our processed volumes to be up 30% and gathered volumes to be up 22%. We also had a record year for new well connections, 940 wells in 2012 compared with 600 wells in 2011. This year, we expect to connect over 1000 wells. Crude oil production in the Williston Basin continues to grow along with the associated NGL rich natural gas, and we are working hard to quickly connect new wells and build the infrastructure required to reduce the continued flaring of natural gas. Weve reduced the segments 2013 operating income guidance to $238 million, compared with $253 million reflecting our expectations of lower commodity price. We have provided our 2013 price assumptions in our earnings release; we will provide more detail on our NGL price assumptions in a few moments. The natural gas pipeline segments fourth quarter financial results were higher due primarily to lower employer related costs, and a $5.7 million pretax gain on the sale of a non-strategic natural gas pipeline lateral. Equity earnings from Northern Border Pipeline were slightly lower in 2012 driven by increased maintenance expenses. In January, the FERC approved Northern Border Pipeline settlement with its shippers and the lower rates became effective in January. 2013 operating income guidance has been increased to $153 million compared with its previous guidance of $144 million reflecting anticipated incremental demand from shippers for services to transport their natural gas to market, and increased services to electric generation customers. Our natural gas liquid segment fourth quarter results were significantly lower due primarily to narrower, Conway to Mont Belvieu NGL location price differentials, which negatively impacted our optimization activity. The fourth quarter 2012 Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differential was $0.07 compared with $0.49 in the fourth quarter 2011. This decrease was partially offset by higher NGL volumes gathered and fractionated in our fee based exchange services activity. Our 2012 NGLs transported on our gathering lines increased almost 20% from last year. NGLs fractionated were up 7% year-over-year and included a scheduled maintenance turnaround last summer at MB-1 fractionators. We decreased our 2013 operating income guidance for the NGL segment to $545 million compared with the previous guidance of $630 million to reflect the impact of widespread and prolonged ethane rejections, and to a lesser extent, narrower expected NGL location price differentials. Given the persistent excess inventories for ethane in the Gulf Coast, we expect our volume throughput in the natural gas liquids business to be impacted by ethane rejection throughout much of 2013, with a return to a normal days of ethane supply inventory levels in 2013, and consistent ethane recovery in 2014 and 2015, more on ethane and propane fundamentals in a moment. We updated our 2013 Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials to $0.05 per gallon, compared with $0.19 previously at high Gulf Coast ethane inventories and Mid-Continent and Rockies ethane rejection persist. As a reminder, the ethane price differential is only one component of the optimization picture, our integrated NGL assets and marketing strategies provide us with opportunities to generate optimization margins on NGL products other than ethane. We expect 2013 NGL gathering volumes to be up 13% over last year and fractionation volumes to be up 8% as more projects are completed including the Bakken NGL pipeline and our new MB-2 fractionator. Now an update on our projects. all of our previously announced internal growth projects are on budget and on schedule. As Ive previously mentioned, the Stateline II natural gas processing plant and the 60,000 barrels per day Bakken NGL pipeline are expected to be in service this quarter, while our processing plants in the Williston are fully capable of deep ethane recoveries, the economic justifications of our processing plants and our Bakken NGL pipeline were based primarily upon the recovery of propane in heavier NGLs with little or no ethane. When ethane pricing improves to the point of recovery in the Williston Basin, our Bakken NGL pipeline throughput will increase. we continued to develop and evaluate our backlog of natural gas and NGL related infrastructure projects thats still totaled more than $2 billion plus. It includes investments in processing plants, natural gas pipelines and NGL fractionation and storage facilities. Now an update on the NGL markets. Production growth from shale drilling continues in crude oil and NGL rich supply areas, driven by relatively strong and stable crude oil prices and the uplift from the economic value of NGL. This increased production has resulted in excessive inventory levels for propane and ethane, and this oversupply has become a key factor in how ethane and propane are currently being valued. Propane inventories are still well above the five-year average with almost all of the surplus on the Gulf Coast, primarily from the lack of the winter demand last year and increased production, while propane inventories in the Midwest and Mid-Continent are decreasing and are much lower than last year. The propane over supply on the Gulf Coast and softer prices has made it more economical for many petchems to crack propane instead of ethane. According to many industry reports, the amount of propane being cracked today is at record levels. The attractive economics for propane as a petrochemical feedstock has kept ethane prices low, especially at Mont Belvieu leading to historically high and prolonged ethane rejection levels in the regions we serve. Several industry experts have estimated that ethane rejection volumes are between 150,000 and 175,000 barrels per day. We believe the ethane rejection number is higher based upon what we have seen from the Mid-Continent and Rockies plant connected to our NGL systems, we are currently experiencing over 90,000 barrels per day of ethane rejection across our NGL systems, and expected to remain at those levels for much of this year. Ethane inventories are above historical levels due to increasing production coupled with a large number of petchem planned turnarounds during the first half of 2012. However, the growth rate of ethane inventories at Conway and Mont Belvieu has been steadily decreasing due to ethane rejection and high petchem utilization rates and we expect that trend to continue. In recent weeks, we have seen Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials narrow to breakeven levels due to the continued Gulf Coast ethane inventory overhang and Mid-Continent buying interest due primarily to ethane rejection in the Rockies and Mid-Continent. As we have stated many times, we expect the Conway to Mont Belvieu differentials to stay relatively narrow as new transportation capacity between these market hubs comes online this year including our new Sterling III pipeline. Now lets take a look at our NGL pricing assumptions. We updated our 2013 equity NGL composite price assumptions for the natural gas gathering and processing segment to $0.66 per gallon, and in our case is weighted more to the Conway basis due to contractual commitments. To be clear, this price is at the market hubs before transportation and fractionation speed deductions. For comparative reasons, this $0.66 is calculated on a full ethane recovery basis. Assuming reduced ethane recovery in 2013 our realized NGL composite price is expected to be closer to $0.85 per gallon. The updated price assumptions for 2013 ethane at Conway are in the low $0.20 per gallon range and for propane, about $0.90 per gallon. During 2014 and 2015, our equity NGL composite price will be primarily on a Mont Belvieu basin and will range from the upper $0.80 to low $0.90 per gallon. The change to Mont Belvieu pricing reflects the expected completion of our Sterling III pipeline in late 2013, providing more access to Mont Belvieu markets. In 2014 and 2015, Mont Belvieu ethane prices are assumed in the mid to upper $0.40 per gallon range and propane prices are assumed in the $1.10 to $1.20 per gallon range. Additionally, we assume crude oil prices or WTI to average $88, $100 and $102 per barrel for 2013, 2014 and 2015 respectively. Natural gas on the NYMEX is assumed to be $3.75, $3.80 and $4.20 per MMBtu for 2013, 2014, and 2015 respectively.
 : This abundant NGL supply and its price advantage over oil based feedstocks is driving a significant increase in long-term petchem demand for NGLs. With the announced expansions and new builds of ethane crackers, ethane demand is expected to increase by more than 700 barrels per day by 2016 to 2017. As NGL growth continues at a rapid pace, we expect the ethane market to be oversupplied through 2013 with widespread and prolonged ethane rejections. We expect natural gas processors to resume full ethane recoveries during most of 2014 and 2015 with intermittent period of ethane rejection. Now as we move through 2016 into 2017, we anticipate an undersupplied position as ethane demand will increase when these cracker expansions, and new world-class petrochemical facilities are completed. While growing NGL production has moved ahead of end used demand in the near-term, our strategically unique fee-based and fully integrated midstream assets remain well positioned in basins with abundant and growing supplies of natural gas and NGLs. Over the long-term, our opportunities for growth remains strong as our customers demand more of our essential services. Our NGL business remains in an attractive position even in a prolonged low ethane recovery environment as our systems are readily able to accommodate the expected NGL volume growth, should the markets desire more of a lower ethane, higher propane plus blend. Although we revised our 2013 earnings guidance and three-year outlook, we remain confident in our ability to continue delivering the value to our shareholders and unitholders with our current assets and operation, the assets we are building and our backlog of viable projects. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, Id like to provide at this time, some additional comments regarding our future growth. The assets that we build and are building increased our ability to add volumes to our system. And its our volumes, our natural gas and natural gas liquids that enable us to collect a fee when we gather, process, fractionate, store and transport these volumes for our producers, our processors and our customers. While there has been a lot of attention on the contraction of NGL differentials between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast market centers.
, : A significant portion of the volumes we are adding to our systems deliver fee-based earnings and even in an environment of lower commodity price and narrow NGL differentials, we can continue to generate stable and sustainable earnings by providing non-discretionary services to our customers. These services will provide us and our customers, producers and investors with sustainable earnings over the long-term, regardless of short-term moves and differentials and prices. The incremental earnings from our projects both past and present will continue to give us the opportunity to grow our earnings at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners over the next three years, increased distributions to ONEOK Partner unitholders this year and beyond and increase the ONEOK dividend by 55% to 65% between now and 2015. While internal growth may not be as exciting or is headline grabbing, as an acquisition, our internal growth opportunity to provide investors with far better returns today than if we were to buy earnings at todays prices. And were not done, as youve heard our internal growth, backlog is in excess of $2 billion, providing us with more earnings growth potential in the future. Of course, before we take our questions, most importantly I would like to express my thanks to more than 4,800 employees whose dedication and commitment allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably, and environmentally responsibly everyday and create exceptional value for our investors and our customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company successful. At this time, we are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Chris Sighinolfi with UBS.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi  UBS Securities LLC: Hey guys, good morning.
Terry K. Spencer: Good morning.
John W. Gibson: Good morning.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi  UBS Securities LLC: John, just curious, following on your last comments around moving towards fee for service business, it was stated in last nights release that you are experiencing less favorable contract terms associated with the Williston Basin volume growth, just wondering what you meant by that, is it worse than what you are expecting or as it sort of interfaces with the rest of your businesses, is it just lower than what was there to begin with. Can you just give more color on that? 
John W. Gibson: Its a term that we have used consistently in our Qs, our Ks and previous press releases. It drew a bit more attention than it probably deserves in this point in time because we are reducing 2013 and everyone is trying to understand why, but the basic is as we renegotiate expiring contract, expect for new, we are having to revise those terms to meet current market conditions and those are less favorable than perhaps either we thought they would be or they have been in the past.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi  UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And so tied to the incremental growth that you have planned in that basin, it doesnt change you forecast or what youre going to spend versus what the returns on those projects are?
John W. Gibson:  That is correct.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi  UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. Switching quickly, I was just curious from Terry with a $0.19 spread. I think the optimization was estimative comprised about 15% of their margin for the NGL segment in 2013. Im just curious at $0.05 what the rough figure if you have one is on your expectation?
John W. Gibson: Thats going to be much less than 10%.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi  UBS Securities LLC: Okay, all right. And I guess finally John as youve been able to grow the dividend very strongly within the framework of a targeted pay out ratio of 60% to 70%, but a lot of peers are sort of increasingly looking towards cash flow coverage as sort of a guiding post for dividend policy, and Im curious given that if there been a internal discussion with you and the Board as to maybe longer-term, how to approach dividend growth?
John W. Gibson: There has been discussion at the Board about that. We will continue as weve indicated here along our current practice, I guess there has been discussions.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi  UBS Securities LLC: Okay, Ill hop back into the queue. Thanks guys.
John W. Gibson: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Well move over to our next question from Steve Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen J. Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Hey, good morning everybody.
John W. Gibson: Hi, Steve.
Stephen J. Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And thanks for taking my question. First what if you could talk John on others, on your latest thoughts on oil project opportunities, how aggressive do you plan on being in that area in light of the Bakken cancellation? Can you go back to the drawing board with a different project in that region?
Terry Spencer: All right. Hello, Ill take that one and of course, we were disappointed to postponed, but we all know the reasons why since that time if you look in particular, you have written a lot about the fact that producers are putting more and more of their crude on rail as opposed to long haul pipelines. There also has been a recent announcement utilizing existing pipelines to move crude from the producing region to the consuming region and that always is a smart use of capital dollars. So when you look at those, it doesnt appear that the market is screaming quite as loudly for the Bakken/NGL pipeline as it once was. But your other point or question, we are able to quickly knock off the dust, so to speaking get engaged if the market needs that pipeline or one similar to it.
Stephen J. Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: If you were to focus on oil, would it be in that region or there are other areas that you would look at oil opportunities.
John W. Gibson: Wed look at other areas but obviously where we have fuel we have a competitive advantage and its clear that we have a competitive advantage in the Bakken, in Williston in that area as opposed to say in the Eagle Ford but we have a effort within our organization focused on looking for crude oil opportunities.
Stephen J. Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, and my one follow up on a different topic. I dont want to beat this because you have a lot of projected dividend growth, but you have a lot of extra cash flow per shares at OKE and you actually raised the cash flow guidance in 2013 a little bit, I know due to bonus depreciation but is there any particular reason that you dont feel comfortable keeping that okay e-dividend growth given that what I think is a substantial cushion you have there to support it and are you worried at all about that being a drag on share price meaning lowering that dividend growth to share holders?
John W. Gibson: Well, I am concerned. I think there are other things that we in the past have chosen to do with our cash. For example, we have used our cash at ONEOK to buy more equity in ONEOK Partners. Thats been an awfully good investment for us. Weve purchased shares. We will continue. We want the flexibility to continue to do as we have in the past. I think as we look and Derek made a mention of this forward. We do loose some benefit associated with bonus depreciation. And as I read, we are prescribed to be or thought to be very conservative. I look it as much more long-term focus and want to do momentarily conservative, but we just want to make sure, we have the flexibility to do the things that we see opportunities to execute.
Terry K. Spencer:  Okay. I am more than happy to keep you on if I have an answer to your question.
Stephen J. Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, I think you have. We can touch basically offline. Thanks a lot. I will get back in the queue.
Terry K. Spencer: Theres probably many others that have the same question.
Operator: And we will move on to Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Sorry John, I am laughing because I have the same question. And maybe just to paraphrase or perhaps just to make clear, we may say conservative, you say, long-term focused, but its not a, its on a prudency standpoint, its not from a perhaps skewing of the buyers down to fundamentals perhaps deteriorating from here rather than improving. We dont want to misread this into essentially thinking that maybe you guys have a more negative outlook on the industry than we otherwise should?
John W. Gibson:  Yeah that is, no, let me start I said yes and no. Let me be clear, we do not have that view. Were very optimistic. We look at to be continuing at the present level going forward. We made a judgment up there relative to what we see in 2013 to 2015 and felt like it was prudent for us to come back through 2012 particularly given the fact that weve reduced our distribution in ONEOK Partners, so well have little bit less cash coming over from ONEOK Partners to ONEOK so all those things although pay maybe perhaps not every agrees with them. They due tie together and I think make good economic sense.
Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Fair enough and then if I could just ask a clarification on Terry you made a mention of appreciative better framework for the $0.66 NGL assumption for 2013 about ethane prices being in the low 20s and Im starting to say propane at convey at $0.90
John W. Gibson: Thats correct.
Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. so essentially not too far away from what weve seen sort of year-to-date.
John W. Gibson: Thats correct, youre in the range.
Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly, if I could just on ONEOK Partners gathering and processing, just nodding that the gathering volume to the fee base gathering volumes were a little bit lighter in the fourth quarter than we were expecting by the same token it looks that like you bumped up the growth rate in 2013 to kind of account for a little bit later. And I didnt know was there something that happened in November and December that cost of growth rate not to be quite as robust or they just kind of a generic activity of well hookups and is it possible to actually give us what the current run rate is?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, as far as the volumes go, were in the midst of a pretty significant weather trend thats started in about November and December of last year. So we were impacted pretty significantly by that. So what youre seeing there is in the fourth quarter, certainly is an impact from that. And your last question was about
Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: I dont know, if you could give us the run rate for where those gathering and processing volumes stood today if possible?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, were running about  in the range of about $250 million a day in the three processing plants that are currently operating there. So, but certainly as we bring on a new plant, the Stateline II plant, well start, well be ramping up those volumes as I mentioned in my comments.
Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
John W. Gibson: One of the things we have to remember is those assets are at north like we run an operation in Canada and of course, for those of you that they are watching the weather channel, we are experiencing some severe and heavy snow in Western Oklahoma, which undoubtedly will impact our processing plants and pipelines, but well report on that when we talk to you about first quarter.
Carl L. Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well move on to our next question to Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. I wanted to just ask about your commodity mix, I think you have previously said your margin composition at OKS could be about 65% in fee-based with the new guidance here with sort of what component of your margin do you see are fee-based now?
Terry K. Spencer: Ted, youre going to be at about the 80% range.
John W. Gibson: Roughly.
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then as you think Yes sir.
Terry K. Spencer: Ted, about 70% where youre going to be.
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: 70%, got it, its okay. And then as we think about sort of on a three year forward basis, youve taken the Bakken pipeline, the oil pipeline out, youve added some gathering and processing, do you see that mix staying in that 70% range or maybe it gets a little bit more commodity heavy as we have this growth in NGL prices, kind of how youre seeing that over the three-year deal?
Terry K. Spencer: Yeah. As we bring on the NGL projects, I mean those are all fee-based projects.
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right.
Terry K. Spencer: So theyll be pushing up  it will be pushing up our percentage of fee-based margins as we go forward.
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks, Terry. Just on the macro, youve talked about how much ethane rejection, you think it might be more than 175,000 a day, I guess Im just curious if theres that much of ethane thats still waiting to come in, what gives you confidence that will turn around in 2014, and not still be in sort of ethane rejection at least still have pressure on prices?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ted, I mean I think the key driver and all this is strong ethane demand, I mean the petrochemicals, I mean their consumption is pushing million barrels a day and were expecting to go even higher. Once we get this ethane inventory overhang worked off, which we expect to happen in 2013, then we should be in the clear as we move into 2014 and 2015 and of course, well have some periods of ethane rejection, but were really confident just from what were seeing, I mean as I indicated in my comments, we think the ethane rejection is happening at a significantly greater level, just as evidenced by the ethane rejection were experiencing on our own systems. So but we really think this thing will get worked off this year, many of the experts and those in the industry believe the same thing. And by 2014, we should be in pretty good shape as well as, as we move into 2015 and hopefully, well get to 2016 and 2017 be in really good shape.
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right, great. And then the last one from me is just, youve mentioned the credit metrics has been in sort of defending the investment grade, its been a reason for the lower dividends and distribution growth. I guess Im wondering if you can quantify those metrics that youre targeting whether its at OKS or OKE. How you think about that mix or maybe get a little more fee-based and the ability that they run a little bit more leverage?
Terry K. Spencer: Well, were talking about both equities; both credit ratings and we stay in contact with the rating agencies. We listen to what they say and others to guide our decisions. I mean as you know, there is no specific formula for what were trying to accomplish other than maintaining that 50% level. Johan anything youd like to add, John?
John W. Gibson: One thing I would add to that is a debt-to-EBITDA ratio weve spent before keeping that around 4 times or less.
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thats great. Thats it. 
Terry K. Spencer: Does that help?
Ted J. Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Terry K. Spencer: All right.
Operator: Next question will come from Citigroup, from Timm Schneider.
Timm Schneider  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Hey, guys, most of my questions have actually been answered. Just one quick one, whats driving the lower CapEx number in the NGL segment, fairly with old guidance versus new?
Terry K. Spencer: Yeah. The Bakken Crude pipeline was in those numbers and is now out. So thats a bulk of it.
Timm Schneider  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, got it. And then if you can, where you guys assuming for a 70 heavier into the barrel, the butanes and nat gasolines in 2013?
Terry K. Spencer: Youre going to be somewhere in that $1.40, $1.50 range.
Timm Schneider  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Terry K. Spencer: On the (inaudible) you could be pushing $2.
Timm Schneider  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, got it. Thats it from me. Thank you.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Timm.
Operator: Next question will come from Helen Ryoo with Barclays.
Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Terry K. Spencer: Good morning, Helen.
Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, I will just start with the clarification question on your NGL price assumption for this year. Did you say that that was before TNF, and that was mostly based on Conway exposure?
John W. Gibson: Thats correct Helen.
Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then what is your NGL equity barrel mix assuming full recovery of ethane, is ethane much higher than 50% level?
Terry K. Spencer: No. You are going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 45% to 50%. I mean its going to be pretty typical for the industry.
Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Terry K. Spencer: 45% to 50% range is going to get you there. Propane, Helen you probably be in that 30%-35% range.
Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So the assumption of $0.66 before standup, are you assuming price to get lower from the current level? How should I compare that number to what the current Conway pricing?
Terry K. Spencer: Yeah, we are actually on ethane. In our assumption, the ethane prices are probably a bit lower than what we are actually seeing today. Propane prices in our assumption are a bit higher, is slightly higher, I mean you are in the range. So I mean it make sense, if you compare to todays spot hosting, and look at the forward curve, it makes sense.
Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, got it. And then just one quick follow-up on different topic; your interest expense guidance, does that assume some of your high cost funds being hold or tendered this year?
John W. Gibson: No, it does not.
Helen Jung Ryoo  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Helen.
Operator: Next we will move on to John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John D. Edwards  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes hi, thanks for all the helpful comments on the NGL market. I just had a follow-up to Teds question there, just looking out, I think you said about a 700,000 barrel a day increase in ethane, and I didnt catch through what timeframe was that 2015-16? I didnt catch.
Terry K. Spencer: 2016 to 2017.
John D. Edwards  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay all right thats helpful, and then I think you made a comment that you are expecting I guess things to swing into possibly short supply than what, I guess Im having trouble figuring out is  if thats the case, how some of the petchems would invest in steam fractures if  without secure supplies, so I am trying to figure out, are you really think the market is relatively balanced or are you really thinking it will be short.
Terry K. Spencer: Well I think thats a great question, I think that  petrochemical companies recognize that as we map this thing out, and look over this timeframe that we could very well be in short supply. I dont think they truly believe that, they wouldnt be making these investments as they have a lot of confidence in the development, and the mid-stream development thats happening upstream to get a lot of confidence in the shale plays. They are actively engaged with the midstream companies talking about drilling, and the development thats going on, so I think they really do have a lot of confidence, but as you look at the curves today, we could very well be in short supply, but I dont  strongly do not believe, thats what they think.
John D. Edwards  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. And then I guess last question on those lines is, what kind of increase, you are speaking about increase in consumption, I guess this year being up 15% to 20% in consumption? What are you thinking, I guess 14, 15, 16 timeframe?
John W. Gibson: I guess you are talking about consumption.
John D. Edwards  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Of ethane, consumption of ethane
John W. Gibson: Yeah. I mean when you look at the 2014 to 2015 timeframe, were going to be in about that 1.3 million to 1.4 million barrels per day range. There was actually a chart that weve produced that well show that to you. So well see it ramping up in the million barrels a day pretty quickly over the 2013 as we move into 2014, 2015, well be in that, I could say, 1.3 million barrels a day range or so.
John D. Edwards  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, great, thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
John W. Gibson: You bet.
Operator: Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers has our next question. Please go ahead.
Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Hi guys, I want to come back to the distribution question, but I kind of think about it more longer term, if Im looking at this correct, saving I think was something like 1.5 of the CAGR and EBITDA growth to 2015 results in a much lower, modest EBITDA reduction, maybe $60 million or so. but the distribution guidance seems much greater relative to the EBITDA adjustment, and it seems like thats driving potentially extremely conservative distribution coverage ratio into 2014, 2015. Am I thinking about that wrong and as you have these fee-based projects coming online, is there any reason youd want to be going above your targeted cap of 1.15 times coverage in and out of years.
John W. Gibson: Currently, as we move on more heavily weighted towards these fee-based arrangements, well be more comfortable, we move towards the 1.15, stay within that 1.05 to 1.15 that clearly weve been above that in past. I believe in the 14 and 15, were above that as well. So I guess you are thinking about it correctly.
Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. so it sounds like without even any change in guidance if your comfort level is that your expectations will not be worse than what youve laid out just on current guidance, you could probably look at choosing the distribution growth rate as far as 2015?
John W. Gibson: Well, I mean as we typically do, well look at that the quarter before. but not now from 2015, I mean the message is clear that in particular, our exposure to NGL barrel, ethane rejection is taking volume off of our systems and that volume as I mentioned earlier has dollars associated with it. So we know were not going to have as many dollars as we thought we would in 2013, primarily because of this prolonged expected ethane rejection, which is far longer than any of us with industry experience would anticipate or did anticipate. Our view is that weve spent most of the year at this level. do we have perfect knowledge? Of course, not, and if those volumes come back on to our systems, ethane rejection in another words is not as long as we anticipate it than you may rest assured that we will look at our distribution at ONEOK Partners as well as our dividend at ONEOK, Inc. But we will also be looking at that while at the same time; we look at our credit rating and those other metrics that we discussed earlier.
Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.:
 :
John W. Gibson: Well, as I mentioned earlier about what we have done historically with our cash in the past, increasing the dividend its certainly one of the things weve done and we obviously are going to continue to do investment in ONEOK Partners. We bought back shares, we still have as you point out the ability to buy back more. So we have all of those available to us and as I indicated earlier, we want to retain the flexibility to do those things that we think are  make good economic sense for the company, the shareholders and the unitholders.
Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Fair enough and last question probably for Terry. The re-contracting that you are talking about, did that relate to the condensate keep-whole volumes being down so much from third quarter and year-over-year?
Terry K. Spencer: No, it did not.
Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: What was driving that if I could ask?
Terry K. Spencer: Craig, its just a growth in the POP business, and were ended up with the keep-wholes around 3% down from like 6%. So its just growth in the other contracts, thats what driving those numbers.
Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: But the keep-whole volumes arent stable against to growing high, because that the total volumes were down.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I think its just fair to say that keep-wholes, its not material. Its probably the best way to look at it, right, for gathering and processing in our company less than 5%? So you may not want to spend a lot of time on that now.
Craig K. Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay fair enough. thank you, gentlemen.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure.
Operator: And we do have time for one last question. that will come from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael J. Blum  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you. first question just as you have all this new processing capacity coming online over the next couple of years, once thats all built out, what does your contract mix look like? Does it change much in terms of POP versus keep-whole versus fee?
Terry K. Spencer: It will actually increase, if youre looking at just the G&P segment, as we bring all these new plants in the Bakken. I mean we will become more commodity price sensitive. and so I cant remember whats the percentage max is out at least in the 2015 timeframe, but its not a huge increase, but it will go slightly as you look at just the G&P segment, but you got to remember much of that, at the partnership level gets offset, because in our NGL segment, all of our growth projects are fee-based.
Michael J. Blum  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it, okay.
Terry K. Spencer: Got it?
Michael J. Blum  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes. And then in terms of your new forecast or assumptions for the Conway to Mont Belvieu spread. Have you changed your fundamental view of what that spread will look like, I think historically, your view was  and correct me if I'm wrong that it would move ultimately to effectively to transport costs, but it seems like youre at least for 2013 expecting that to be even tighter than that, Im just trying to reconcile those?
Terry K. Spencer: Mike, you just got to understand there are more products than just ethane and were giving you this $0.05 to $0.06 ethane forward-view, but there are other products that will be optimized that could be above that. So when you look at the overall average barrel, which we dont advertise that number for competitive reasons, you could be more in that cost-to-build range. So I mean our view really hasnt changed, I mean we expect these spreads to come to narrow. weve got an unusual situation with very high ethane inventories, and the heavy rejection thats happening has really brought these spreads in, but our long-term view as of the spreads would narrow, because of the capacity that others and ourselves are bringing online over the course of the next couple of years.
Michael J. Blum  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Terry K. Spencer: Does that help you?
Michael J. Blum  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. It does, it does. And then last quick question from me that in the release, you have a table that shows the percent of NGL you hedged for 2013 at 45%, Im assuming based on the price that you show there that there is no ethane thats hedged today in that, I was wondering if there is also any propane in that number that consist all have heavier in that.
John W. Gibson: Thats correct there is little to no ethane in that number, and there is some propane, and then heavier.
Michael J. Blum  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay great. Thank you very much.
John W. Gibson: You bet, thank you Michael.
Andrew Ziola: All right. Well, thank you for joining us everybody for ONEOK Partners unitholders K-1s are now available online, and will be mailed out by tomorrow Wednesday, February 27. Our quiet periods of the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April, and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on April 30 followed by our conference call at 11 a.m. Eastern, 10 a.m. Central on May 1. We will provide details on the conference call at a later date. T.D. Eureste and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: And again ladies and gentlemen that does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Andrew Ziola  Manager, IR John Gibson  Chairman, President and CEO Rob Martinovich  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Pierce Norton  COO Terry Spencer  President
Analysts:  Mark Reichman  Simmons & Company International Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets John Edwards  Credit Suisse Christine Chau  Barclays Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities James Campbell 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners 2012 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Ziola. Please go ahead sir.
Andrew Ziola: Thank you and good morning everyone. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. Our first speaker is John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John Gibson: Thank you, Andrew, and congratulations on your new role. I dont believe Ive ever heard that statement read as well as it was just read. Good morning and many thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope this call finds all of our friends and their families that have been affected by the hurricane safe and sound. As always we appreciate your continued interest in investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me today, are Rob Martinovich, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review our quarterly financial performance. Pierce Norton, our Chief Operating Officer, who will review the operating performance and update you on the partnerships growth projects which are on time and on budget and Terry Spencer, our President who will update our NGL supply and demand outlook. On this mornings call, we will review our third quarter results, discuss our affirmation of our 2012 earnings guidance; and update our progress with our growth projects including the projects we have recently completed and an update on the Bakken Crude Express Pipeline. Lets start with our third quarter performance. ONEOK Partners turned in a solid performance, driven by strong volume growth in the natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing businesses. The partnerships volume growth is driven by our past capital investments and we expect continued volume growth as a result of our current capital projects. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment turned in slightly lower results and our Energy Services segment reported a loss due to the continuing challenges it faces in a low natural gas price environment. Pierce will provide more detail on each segments operating performance in just a few minutes. Yesterday we affirmed our 2012 earnings guidance ranges, reflecting our confidence in both the natural gas liquids and the natural gas gathering and processing businesses of the partnership. However we do expect to be in the lower half of the ONEOK net income guidance range, due to the difficult market conditions, our Energy Services segment continues to experience. As Rob will discuss in a few minutes, we remain confident in our ability to grow both ONEOKs dividends and ONEOK Partners distributions over the next several years even in a lower commodity price environment. The main driver of these increases will be volume growth at ONEOK Partners as a result of our announced capital investments. At this time, Rob will now review ONEOKs financial highlights and then Pierce will review ONEOKs operating performance. Rob?
Rob Martinovich: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. ONEOKs third quarter net income was $65.2 million or $0.31 per diluted share compared with $60.3 million or $0.28 per diluted share for the same period last year, driven primarily by the solid performance at ONEOK Partners from growth in natural gas and natural gas liquids volumes. This was offset partially by lower realized natural gas and NGL product prices, lower NGL optimization margins and continued challenges in the Energy Services segment. In September, ONEOK completed its $150 million accelerated share repurchase agreement funded by cash-on-hand and short-term borrowings, part of the Board approved $750 million share repurchase program through 2013, of which $300 million remains. Based on the repurchase of shares, we expect the average amount of diluted shares outstanding for 2012 to be approximately 211 million. ONEOKs year-to-date 2012 standalone cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $87 million. We expect our standalone cash flow before changes in working capital in excess of capital expenditures and dividend payments for 2012 to be at the low end of the $115 million to $145 million range. In October, we declared a dividend of $0.33 per share unchanged from the previous quarter. As John mentioned, our 2012 net income guidance is now expected to be in the lower half of the $345 million to $375 million range due to continued difficult market conditions for our Energy Services segment. At the end of the third quarter, on a standalone basis we had $677 million of commercial paper outstanding; $15 million of cash and cash equivalents with $521 million available under our $1.2 billion credit facility and our standalone total debt to capitalization ratio was 54%. ONEOKs cash flow and liquidity position continued to give us financial flexibility to increase our dividend, repurchase ONEOK stock and/or purchase additional units of ONEOK Partners. We have used all of these options and dont view them as mutually exclusive and are fortunate to have a financial capability to do one or more under favorable conditions. Now Pierce will update you on ONEOKs operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thanks Rob and good morning everyone. To start with our Natural Gas Distribution segment, third quarter 2012 earnings came in slightly lower than expected. Net margins benefited from higher rates but higher share-based compensation cost more than offset those increases. A brief regulatory update; Last week, Kansas Gas Service reached a settlement with the Kansas Corporation Commission staff and the Citizens Utility Ratepayer Board which have approved by the Kansas Corporation Commission would result in a $28 million increase in base rates and an $18 million reduction in amounts currently recovered through surcharges, effectively increasing its annual revenues by net amount of $10 million. The Kansas Corporation Commission is expected to make a final ruling by January 2013. Energy Services third quarter 2013 earnings were lower than expected as the segment continues to be challenged by narrow seasonal and location natural gas price differentials. Transportation margins were down primarily due to lower hedge settlements in 2012 and the premium service margins were down due to lower demand piece. We continue to realign energy service and lease transportation and storage capacity to serve our premium service customers which means we are not renewing certain transportation and storage leases. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
John Gibson: Thanks Pierce. Now Rob will review ONEOK Partners financial performance and then Pierce will review the partnerships operating performance as well as the growth projects.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks John. In the third quarter, ONEOK Partners net income increased 11% compared with the third quarter of 2011 due primarily to volume growth in the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. ONEOK Partners reported net income of $232.3 million or $0.78 per unit compared with last years third quarter net income of $209.7 million or $0.84 per unit. There were 219.8 million units outstanding for the third quarter this year compared with 203.8 million units outstanding for the same period in 2011. The equity offering and private placement in March 2012 included the issuance of 16 million additional units. Quarterly distributable cash flow increased 12% compared with the third quarter of last year resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.34 times. We increased the distribution to $0.025 per unit for the third quarter, an increase of 4% and subject to Board approval expect to increase it another $0.025 per unit for the fourth quarter of 2012. At our recent Investor Day, we announced that we expect to increase declared distributions $0.02 per unit per quarter for 2013 subject to Board approval. Weve affirmed the partnerships 2012 guidance ranges of net income of $860 million to $910 million and distributable cash flow of $975 million to $1.025 billion. In September ONEOK Partners completed a $1.3 billion public offering of senior notes, consisting of $400 million of five-year senior notes at 2% and $900 million of 10-year senior notes at 3.375%. Interest expense for the third quarter was $47.8 million compared with $55.7 million in the same period last year. This decrease was primarily driven by higher capitalized interests related to the partnerships capital expenditures associated with our $5.7 billion to $6.6 billion growth program. The amounts of interest expense capitalized are now noted on the income statement. We hedged the commodities we received for our services to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. For the rest of 2012, 77% of our natural gas volumes are hedged, while 71% of our NGLs are hedged. Hedging information for 2013 and 2014 is included in the news release. At the end of the third quarter, the partnership had $964 million in cash and cash equivalents, no commercial paper or borrowings outstanding, our debt-to-capitalization ratio of 52% and debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.9 times. Now, Pierce will review the partnerships operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Rob. As John said the partnership continued to perform well in the third quarter. Operating income was up due primarily to higher natural gas volumes gathered and processed in the natural gas gathering and processing segment offset partially by lower realized natural gas and natural gas liquids product prices particularly ethane and propane. The natural gas liquids segment benefited from higher NGL volumes gathered and fractionated, offset partially by decreased optimization and marketing margins. The natural gas gathering and processing segments third quarter financial results were higher due primarily to volume growth driven by increased drilling activity in our Williston Basin assets. Lower realized natural gas and NGL product prices on our unhedged portions of these commodities and higher compression and processing costs associated with the volume growth partially offset these increases. The Garden Creek plant continues to operate at its capacity of 100 million cubic feet per day. Our 100 million cubic feet per day Stateline I natural gas processing plant in the Williston Basin was started in September and we expect this plant to be at capacity by early next year. For the year, we expect process volumes to be up 25% compared with 2011 and gathered volumes to be up 12% compared with 2011. Lower NGL prices did result in periods of ethane rejection in the Mid-Continent but did not have a material impact on this segments results. We continue on a record setting pace for new well connections and expect to connect more than 900 wells this year. During the third quarter we connected approximately 280 wells to our systems compared with approximately 180 in the same period last year. This brings our year-to-date total 2012 to approximately 710 compared with approximately 420 in the same period last year. As of mid October, rig count in North Dakota was at 186, a 50% reduction compared with an all time high of 218 during May 2012. The largest factor driving this decrease is producers achieving significant increases in drilling efficiencies. Through a combination of newer, more efficient rigs and producers moving from single well sites to multi-pad drilling, spud-to-spud days have decreased to 25 days or less from an historical average of 30 to 35 days, a 25% efficiency improvement allowing producers to drill more wells with fewer rigs. The Natural Gas Pipeline segments third quarter financial results were relatively unchanged due primarily to higher contracted capacity, with natural gas producers on our interstate pipelines offset by higher outside service costs associated with maintenance projects and higher employee related costs. Equity earnings from Northern Border pipeline were slightly lower. Northern Border is substantially contracted on its long haul capacity through March 2014. Results of re-contracted long haul capacity have terms of three years or longer, now 74% sold through the end of 2014. In September 2012, Northern Border filed with the FERC a settlement with its customers to modify its transportation rates beginning in January 2013. This settlement is expected to be approved by the FERC before the end of the year. If approved, the long-term transportation rates will be approximately 11% lower than current rates. These lower rates were included in our recently announced 2013 financial guidance. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment benefited from higher NGL volumes gathered and fractionated and higher isomerization margins resulting from wide price differentials between normal butane and iso-butane and higher isomerization volumes. As expected we experienced lower optimization and marketing margins from narrow NGL price differentials. And lower NGL transportation capacity available for optimization activities as more transportation capacity between the Conway and Mont Belvieu NGL market centers is contracted to produce fee-based earnings. The partnership also realized margins in the third quarter from the sale of NGL inventory held at the end of the second quarter 2012 associated with the scheduled maintenance of the Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation facility MB-1which returned to full capacity in late September. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were up 20% averaging 530,000 barrels per day during the quarter as a result of increased production through existing supply connections and new supply connections in the Mid-Continent and the Rocky Mountain regions. For the year, we expect NGL gathering volumes to be up 22% over last year and fractionation volumes to be up 11% compared with last year. For the fourth quarter 2012, were assuming a $0.10 per gallon Conway to Mont Belvieu average ethane price differential in the ethane-propane mix. A reminder, the ethane price differential is only one part of the optimization picture, our integrated NGL assets in day to day business strategies provide us with opportunities to generate incremental margins with other NGL products. Now an update on our projects. First, all of our previously announced internal growth projects are on budget and on schedule. As I previously mentioned the Stateline I natural gas processing plant started in late September. Additionally, the 60,000 barrels per day expansion of our fractionator in Bushton, Kansas was also completed in September ahead of schedule. Several other projects are approaching completion including the 60,000 barrel per day Bakken NGL pipeline and the Stateline II natural gas processing plant, both expected to be in service in the first quarter of 2013. We are currently conducting an open-season process on our 1,300 mile Bakken crude-oil express line. We expect the process to conclude November 20. We continue to see interest in the pipeline and expect to announce the results after the Thanksgiving holiday. Finally, we continue to develop and evaluate our backlog of natural gas and NGL related infrastructure projects that still total more than $2 billion. It includes investments in processing plants, natural gas pipelines and NGL fractionation and storage facilities. As we have done in the past, we will announce the projects when we have significant producer and/or customer commitments to make them economically viable. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Now Terry will give us an update on our view of the current and the long-term NGL market.
Terry Spencer: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. Today Ill provide a brief outlook of the NGL markets. Over the past several months, NGL prices has somewhat stabilized primarily as a result of increasing demand as numerous petrochemical facilities returned to service after being down earlier in the year for major scheduled and unscheduled maintenance. Production growth from shale drilling continues in NGL rich supply areas with some limited ethane rejection occurring primarily in the Rockies, the Mid-Continent and Midwest due mainly to weak ethane prices at the Conway Market Center. U.S. Gulf Coast NGL inventory levels especially for ethane and propane are decreasing as consumers particularly the petrochemical manufacturers and international markets continue to exhibit strong demand to take advantage of the attractive low price environment. With the major plant outages behind them, the petchems are consuming the excess ethane inventory and we expect this drawdown to continue throughout the remainder of this year and into 2013. The petchems are operating at high utilization rates with ethane as their primarily feedstock and we see no signs of that slowing down. Ethane continues to be the preferred petrochemical feedstock versus oil-based feed due to ethanes price advantage driven by the low ethane to crude oil price ratio which is now below 15%. While we expect ethane pricing to remain volatile, we do expect ethane prices to increase moderately in the near term. While we also expect NGL prices to improve relative to crude, we do not expect them to reach their historical price relationships. Higher propane inventories are flattening out from the build up from last years mild winter. With the reduced price relative to crude oil based fees, we have seen some petchems crack more propane compared with previous years. We expect the propane surplus to decline as additional export capacities developed over the next 12 to 24 months due to the continued pricing incentive for international propane buyers to purchase U.S. Gulf Coast propane. This new propane export capacity provides new markets for our industry which is a good thing. A more normal winter and continued international demand should reduce propane inventories and strengthen pricing. Like ethane, we expect propane prices to improve but certainly not back to their historical pricing relationship to crude. We expect NGL fractionation capacity to remain in short supply but gradually increase as new fractionators including our own are completed over the next few years. Fractionation capacity especially in the Gulf Coast remains at a premium as growing on fractionated NGL supplies from the prolific shale development continued to seek the premium price to Gulf Coast NGL markets. Accordingly, new NGL pipeline capacity between Conway and Mont Belvieu is being built to accommodate NGL growth from the shale plays. In recent weeks, we have seen Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials narrow to as low as $0.06 per gallon. Much of this narrowing is due to some continued petrochemical maintenance outages, the continued but declining Gulf Coast ethane inventory overhang and Mid-Continent buying interest due to ethane rejection. For the remainder of the year, we expect Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials to be approximately $0.10 per gallon. As the petchems return to near full capacity and ethane inventories continue to get worked off, we expect the Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differentials to average approximately $0.19 per gallon during 2013. As we communicated at our recent Investor Day, our three year forecast assumes the Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differential will narrow to the cost to build range of approximately $0.10 per gallon in 2014 and 2015. In spite of the volatile and challenging commodity markets, we continue to focus on helping our supply and market connected customers deliver the products to where they need to be. The growth projects we announced in July, the new MB-3 fractionator and the E/P splitter in Mont Belvieu and the expansion of the Bakken NGL pipeline allow us to continue to provide reliable services to our customers through our integrated NGL asset base. As NGL growth continues at a rapid pace, we expect the ethane markets to be periodically over and undersupply through 2013 and then trend more to an oversupplied state through 2015. And as we move through the 2015 to 2017 timeframe, we anticipate an undersupply position as demand increases from the completion of expansions and new world class petrochemical facilities. Certainly, given the attractive outlook for NGL supplies, the petrochemical industry continues to find ways to consume excess ethane by maximizing their ethane cracking capability. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, most importantly Id like to express my thanks to our more than 4,800 employees whose dedication and commitment results in our ability to operate our assets safely reliably and environmentally responsibly everyday and create exceptional value for our investors and customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company successful. So at this time, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And well go first to Mark Reichman of Simmons.
Mark Reichman  Simmons & Company International: Good morning, thank you. I wanted to ask about when the Bakken NGL pipeline gets completed and the gas processing plants in the Williston Basin start recovering more ethane, there was a comment in the release about the composition of the NGL barrels changing, and I was wondering if you could just maybe elaborate on that, kind of where its been and where do you expect that to go over the course of the next year?
John Gibson: Okay. Pierce you want to handle that?
Pierce Norton: Yes. Mark what thats alluding to is we do not recover ethane in the Williston Basin currently. So we do anticipate if pricing warrants [ph] doing so that those ethane molecules would actually be recovered in the future. So right now its a little heavier barrel in the Bakken. And as it goes forward in the future, as you recover ethane the barrel gets a little bit lighter. So thats what that was alluding to.
Mark Reichman  Simmons & Company International: Yes, but I mean could you kind of put some numbers around there, I mean in terms of what percent youd expect to be ethane?
Pierce Norton: Well its about in the neighborhood of what, Terry 30% to 40%?
Terry Spencer: Yes.
Mark Reichman  Simmons & Company International: So just be a normal barrel, okay.
Pierce Norton: From about 32% roughly currently to about 50%.
Mark Reichman  Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. And then also you finished the quarter with a lot of cash on your balance sheet. I know youve got some spending to do in the fourth quarter and I think roughly capital expenditures were expected to be about $2.5 billion in 013. I was just wondering if you could may be talk a little bit about the spend each quarter in kind of how you planned, how you think about the financing over the course of the next year?
John Gibson: Okay. Rob?
Rob Martinovich: Sure, Mark. Well were certainly going to be a support of the timely or the capital spend that Pierce and Terry have laid out for us with the projects and this was our opportunity to get some of the debt to balance of the equity we had earlier in this year. And so we historically have not certainly signaled when were going to come to market but the dollars that you had mentioned, I mean we expect to be timely on that as we go forward next year and into 014 both with equity and debt.
Mark Reichman  Simmons & Company International: Okay. And then last question, the natural gas pipeline segment, that came in pretty much in line with my expectations but the expenses were up a little bit, I think that it was the higher maintenance cost and I was just wondering are those I think the revenues increased about 2%, expenses went up about 7%. Do you think those will start to abate in the fourth quarter or whats your expectation on costs in that segment?
John Gibson: Mark, that was a timing issue, so yes, we would expect those to abate in the fourth quarter.
Mark Reichman  Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
John Gibson: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Carl Kirst of BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Thanks, good morning everybody, a couple of questions, one at OKE and one at OKS. Just on the OKE level and this is just to kind of get a better flavor on the energy services. And I am just wondering with respect to as we sit here about to enter November, I think there was guidance previously given for the year talking about maybe a $60 million negative hit with the goodwill impairment. And with the third quarter results, has that deteriorated a little bit such that the performance at OKS is basically offsetting or do you still see that $60 million kind of as being the right number and thus well see a sequential improvement into the fourth quarter? Just trying to get a better sense of color on that if at all possible?
Pierce Norton: Carl, this is Pierce. We do expect that there could be some deterioration there from the $60 million. Its going to primarily be driven by that the winter summer spread being a little bit less than what we thought it was originally. But I think you characterized it correctly that we do expect that the OKS to primarily offset any kind of negative impact of those spreads for the rest of the year.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And I guess just given the fact that we really havent gotten into winter yet, there is nothing really at this point to read through for instance the potential of 2013 at this point?
Pierce Norton: No, thats correct.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then one question on OKS, the $2 billion backlog and you guys have given color on that so I appreciate that, and not to throw additional things on your play, but of course there was the Private Letter Ruling that came out from the IRS on petchems and the liking, so my question is not so much, do you going to go out and buy ethylene facility but I did note that they specifically said that olefin pipeline storage other logistics assets would qualify for an MLP just given how much you guys do touch that market. I did know if that section is something that was being contemplated or not?
John Gibson: Well weve looked at opportunities like that and we will continue to do so. The ruling of course influences where the assets would be owned i.e., at ONEOK or at ONEOK Partners over the long-term but our primarily focus is to make sure that we acquire assets or build assets that make sense. So looking downstream would be a natural extension.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate the clarification. Thanks guys.
Operator: And next John Edwards of Credit Suisse.
John Edwards  Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning everybody. Just noticed you had reaffirmed 2012 guidance, just any thoughts on 2013. Obviously Analyst Day was very recent, any update or thoughts on that?
John Gibson: Yes, no updates and no changes from the Analyst Day from that information that we have out there right now. Were good with it.
John Edwards  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks. Thats all I had.
John Gibson: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christine Chau of Barclays.
Christine Chau  Barclays: Good morning guys. During the quarter you saw some higher fees from contract negotiation for the NGL exchange-services activities. Can you tell us what the average contract life for this is and how much higher these commitments are being re-contracted for? And do these things happen at the same time every year or are they kind of ongoing?
John Gibson: Christine, we really  its kind of obvious for competitive reasons. We really dont want to disclose those percentages or what theyre contracted for or frankly the terms. So I cant answer that.
Christine Chau  Barclays: Okay. And then just your hedging price and percentage hedged with relatively the same for this quarter as it was last quarter, but NGL prices for Mont Belvieu and Conway were should have been down from the second quarter, yet your composite price went up from $1.01 to a $1.10. Can you guys talk about whats driving that?
John Gibson: Thats really more of your  that the hedges that are put in place, thats our net realized hedge. And so based on what we realized versus what it was hedged, thats what drove it from the $1.09 to the $1.10.
Christine Chau  Barclays: Okay. And then lastly, in your Analyst Day presentation you gave a $0.71 gallon estimate for unhedged NGL volumes in the second half of 2012 and $0.76 in 2013 which if I understand correctly reflects what you expect to realize proportionally at Mont Belvieu and Conway. Do you have a comparable number for what youve realized for the quarter or year-to-date for just the unhedged portion?
John Gibson: I actually do not have that right here in front of me but we could follow-up and get that through Dan [ph].
Christine Chau  Barclays: Okay, great. Thats it for me.
Operator: And our next question from Bernie Colson of Global Hunter.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities: Good morning.
John Gibson: Good morning, Bernie.
Pierce Norton: Good morning.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities: You alluded to some other NGL opportunities when you were talking about the Conway, Mont Belvieu ethane spread. I was hoping if you could elaborate a little bit on what you were thinking there?
John Gibson: Refresh my memory is to what.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities: Im sorry, I thought in the comments that when you talked about the Conway, Mont Belvieu spread declining somewhat that there was some discussion of there potentially being some other optimization activities that are with you utilizing maybe different parts in the barrel or infrastructure or just something that, give us some elaboration.
John Gibson: Okay, black balls [ph] went off.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities: Okay.
John Gibson: So well try to answer your question. What we were talking about there is different spreads between Mont Belvieu and Conway on each of the products whether or not thatd be ethane, propane, iso-butane, normal butane and with the flexibility of our system having the ability to take raw feed south or purity products both north and south, it gives us the ability to take advantage of those and to capture those opportunities as those spread increases. So what weve seen is that actually as the ethane has actually decreased in its spread, weve actually seen increases in some of those propane spreads over the years. So thats really what were talking about.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities: Okay, so mainly on the propane  focus on propane?
John Gibson: Thats correct, mainly on propane. Although the isomerization spread there to normal has been very strong as well.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities: Okay. And then lastly for me, on the press release it looks the condensate volumes were down quite a bit sequentially and I dont know if youve addressed that. I am sorry, if you did, but if not Im just wondering what was driving that?
John Gibson: No, I think thats  what happened as you go through the summer, you actually  when you get a really heavy barrel primarily in the Williston Basin, this is getting a technical but the ground heats up and actually flashes some of that off, so more of it goes into gas form. So its kind of normal for the condensate volumes to fall off during the summer periods.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Securities: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: And we go next to James Campbell [ph].
James Campbell: Thanks for taking my call. How might the Thanksgiving announcement regarding the Bakken Crude Express influence your near-term need to access the capital markets?
John Gibson: I dont believe it has any influence.
James Campbell: So would it not significantly increase your capital needs and therefore make it more likely that you would need additional external financing if you were to go forward?
John Gibson: I thought your question to me was the announcement in November, would it change our thought process or the things we would do going forward and it wont. Obviously what you say is correct but I dont anticipate us to take any additional or different actions than those we currently contemplate.
James Campbell: So should we then take away from that that you have adequate financing in place and whether or not you go forward with Bakken Crude expense?
John Gibson: Yes, that would be  thats what we have said. And as Rob alluded to, we will continue to look for opportunities to either issue equity or debt as our financing plans dictate relative to opportunities.
James Campbell: Okay, thank you.
John Gibson: Youre welcome.
Operator: And we go next to Craig Shere of Tuohy Brothers.
Unidentified Analyst: Just standing in for Craig. Thanks for taking our call. One question he had was basis differentials have narrowed a little bit in the Bakken. And with the Express Pipeline currently in open season wondering if those narrowing of differentials have impacted all or do you expect they may impact the processes currently underway for the marketing at that?
John Gibson: Well thats the reason we go through the process. So what youre weighing is the person thats going to  the shipper thats going to submit their response to the open season will look at that over a longer term than what the current spread is. So we cant  I mean the spread today is no indication of what the spread will be five years from now. So the individual shippers have to go through and come up with their own view of what they feel that market value is for that transport.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough, so thats very helpful. Thank you.
John Gibson: Okay.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ziola for additional or closing remarks.
Andrew Ziola: All right, well thank you for joining us everybody. This concludes our call. Our quiet period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on February 25 followed by our conference call on February 26, 2013. We will certainly provide details on the conference call at a later date. I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us and happy Halloween.
Operator: And this concludes todays presentation. Thanks for joining and have a nice day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - Senior Vice President, Administrative Services and Corporate Relations John Gibson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Martinovich - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Pierce Norton - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Terry Spencer - President
Analysts: Steve Maresca  Morgan Stanley Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs John Edwards  Credit Suisse Michael Blum  Wells Fargo Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital Markets Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers Helen Ryoo  Barclays Ross Payne  Wells Fargo  
Operator: Good day and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners 2012 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Harrison. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Harrison: Thank you very much. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ please refer to our SEC filings. Now, John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and many thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me today are Rob Martinovich, our Chief Financial Officer who will review our quarterly financial performance and discuss our updated earnings guidance. Pierce Norton, our Chief Operating Officer who will review the operating performance of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and update you on the partnerships growth projects which I am pleased to say are on-time, on-budget and growing. And Terry Spencer, our President, who will update our NGL supply and demand outlook. On this mornings call, we will review our second quarter results and discuss our rationale for our updates to 2012 earnings guidance, reaffirm our ability to continue to grow ONEOKs dividend and ONEOK Partners distribution over the next several years even in a lower commodity price environment, and update our progress with our growth projects, including our contracting status for the Bakken Crude Express pipeline and the $1 billion of additional projects we announced just last week. Lets start with our second quarter performance. ONEOK Partners turned in an exceptionally strong performance, driven by strong volume growth in the Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing businesses. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment turned in slightly higher results performing as expected and our energy services segment reported a loss because of the continuing challenges it faces in a low natural gas price environment with low price volatility.  Pierce will provide more detail on each segments operating performance in just a few minutes. We updated our 2012 earnings guidance ranges increasing the range for ONEOK Partners to reflect our expectation of a continued strength of the natural gas liquids business. We decreased slightly the ONEOK guidance range to reflect lower than expected earnings at energy services and to a lesser extent the Natural Gas Distribution segment, partially offset by the strong contribution from the ONEOK Partners segment. As Rob will discuss in a few minutes, we remain confident in our ability to grow ONEOKs dividends and ONEOK Partners distributions over the next several years even with lower prices. The main driver of these increases will be the volume growth from ONEOK Partners capital investments. Since our last conference call, we have made a lot of progress contracting for our Bakken Crude Express pipeline, which Pierce will discuss in a few minutes. Demand for the capacity is strong and we may have opportunities to increase the pipelines capacity. Rob will now review ONEOKs financial highlights and then Pierce will review ONEOKs operating performance. Rob?
Robert Martinovich: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. ONEOKs second quarter net income was $61 million compared with $55.1 million for the same period last year, driven primarily by the solid performance of ONEOK Partners offset partially by continued challenges in the Energy Services segment. We completed a 2:1 split of the companys common stock on June 1, making our shares more accessible to a broader base of potential investors. Also in June, ONEOK executed $150 million accelerated share repurchase agreement funded by cash-on-hand and short-term borrowings, part of a Board approved $750 million share repurchase program through 2013, of which $300 million remain. Based on the repurchase of shares, we expect the average amount of diluted shares outstanding for 2012 to be approximately 211 million. ONEOKs year-to-date 2012 standalone cash flow report changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $82 million. In July, we declared a dividend of $0.33 per share on a split adjusted basis, an increase of 8% from the previous quarter.  With the partnerships equity offering and private placement in March 2012, ONEOK as a general partner and significant limited partner owner is now expecting to receive $437 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners this year, a 31% increase over 2011.  We also updated 2012 guidance for ONEOK. Net income is expected to be in the range of $345 million to $375 million compared with its previous range of $360 million to $410 million. The updated guidance reflects lower expected earnings in the Energy Services and Natural Gas Distribution segments, offset partially by higher expected earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment. Pierce will discuss the specific guidance updates in a moment. Our updated standalone cash flow, before changes in working capital, is expected to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $115 million to $145 million versus our previous guidance range of $155 million to $195 million. This change reflects our revised ONEOK earnings guidance. Today we are also affirming our expectation to increase the dividend by approximately 40% between 2012 and 2014 as incremental cash from the growth of ONEOK Partners flows to ONEOK. At our Investor Day in September, we will present our updated 3-year 2013 to 2015 projections that will include specific ranges for net income and dividend growth. We also expect to release 2013 financial guidance at that time. ONEOKs liquidity position remains good. At the end of the second quarter, on a standalone basis, we had $571.9 million of commercial paper outstanding, $22.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, with $626.4 million available under our $1.2 billion credit facility and our standalone total debt to capitalization ratio was 52%. ONEOKs cash flow and liquidity position continue to give us excellent financial flexibility. ONEOK remains committed to providing sustainable value to our shareholders and solidifying our position as an attractive investment, whether it is by increasing our dividend, repurchasing ONEOK stock, and/or purchasing additional units of ONEOK Partners. We have used all of these options and dont view them as mutually exclusive, and are fortunate to have the financial capability to do one or more under favourable conditions. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOKs operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thanks Rob, and good morning. Starting with our Natural Gas Distribution segment, second quarter 2012 earnings was up slightly due to higher rates and surcharge recoveries driven by regulatory activity in Texas and Kansas. The distribution segments operating income guidance for 2012 has been slightly decreased to $215 million, reflecting lower margins due to warmer than normal weather. Now a brief regulatory update. Kansas Gas Service filed a requested with the Kansas Corporation Commission to increase its overall annual revenues by $32.7 million. The request includes a $50.7 million increase in base rates and an $18 million reduction in amounts currently recovered through surcharges. If approved, we expect to implement new rates in January 2013.  In July 2012, Oklahoma Natural Gas received approval to increased base rates by $9.5 million annually. Our tariff was also modified, narrowing the range of allowed return on equity to between 10% and 11% compared with the previously approved range of 9.75% to 11.25%. So far in 2012, we have received approval for increasing totals of $10.1 million annually in various Texas jurisdictions under rate cases and capital recovery and cost of service mechanisms. Now a brief overview of Energy Services. Second quarter 2012 earnings were reduced as a result of lower transportation margins impaired with 2011 and lower premium services margins due to lower natural gas prices. As we have said on previous earnings calls, we are aligning, or right-sizing the transportation and storage capacity to serve our premium services customers, which means we are turning back or renegotiating transportation in storage leases. We now expect our year-end 2012 natural gas storage position to be approximately 72 Bcf compared with our previous estimate of 65 Bcf.  We decreased guidance for the Energy Services segment to an operating loss of $60 million. This was primarily from the required $30 million non-cash reclassification of deferred losses to earnings on certain financial contracts related to our storage business, of which we have gains that will be recognized in earnings during 2012 and 2013 heating season, and the non-cash $10 million goodwill impairment charge. Both of these charges occurred in the first quarter 2012. This segment continues to be challenged by lower natural gas prices and volatility and narrow seasonal and location natural gas price differentials. John that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
John Gibson: Thanks Pierce. Now, Rob will review ONEOK Partners financial performance and then Pierce will come back and review the partnerships operating performance, as well as our growth projects.
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John. In the second quarter, ONEOK Partners net income increased 21% compared with the second quarter of 2011, driven by higher natural gas liquids operating results. ONEOK Partners reported net income of $206.5 million, or $0.69 per unit compared with last years second quarter net income of $171.1 million, or $0.67 per unit. There were 219.8 million units outstanding for the second quarter this year compared with 203.8 million units outstanding for the same period in 2011. The equity offering and private placement in March 2012 included the issuance of 16 million additional units. Quarterly distributable cash flow increased 16% compared with the second quarter last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.29 times. At the same time, we are increasing distributions to our unit holders. We increased the distribution $0.025 per unit for the second quarter and subject to Board approval, expect to increase another $0.025 per unit per quarter for the remainder of 2012.  The most common question we are asked relates to the potential impact of sustained low commodity prices, specifically NGL prices on our distribution growth rate. Based on a current forward-looking price tag developed by averaging Pyro and Wood MacKenzie prices for crude oil and natural gas and applying NGL price relationships to crude oil from CMAI, our average annual distribution growth rate would be at the low end of the 15% to 20% range for 2013 and 2014 with a coverage ratio of 1. Our long-term coverage ratio target remains at 1.05 to 1.15 times. However, if low commodity prices are sustained our coverage ratios could be slightly below that. We will provide more specific price assumption with you at our Investor Day in September. We have increased the partnerships 2012 earnings guidance to a range of $860 million to $910 million compared with the previous range of $810 million to $870 million, reflecting higher earnings in the Natural Gas Liquids segment offset partially by lower expected earnings in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. We now estimate the partnerships 2012 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $975 million to $1.025 billion, compared with its previous range of $925 million to $985 million.  We will also present ONEOK Partners updated three-year projections for 2013 to 2015 in September that will include specific ranges for EBITDA and distribution growth. We also expect to release 2013 financial guidance at that time. We hedge the commodities received for our services to lock-in margins on our expected equity volumes in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. For the rest of 2012, 76% of our natural gas volumes are hedged, while 70% of our NGLs are hedged. Hedging information for 2013 is included in the news release. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $92.9 million in cash, $24 million of commercial paper outstanding, a debt to capitalization ratio of 44%, and a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.3 times. We extended the maturity date of our $1.2 billion revolving credit agreement by one year to August 2017. Now, Pierce will review the partnerships operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Rob. As John said, the partnership had a strong second quarter. Operating income increased 13% driven primarily by higher margins in natural gas liquids segment from favourable NGL price differentials between Con-way and Mont Belvieu. Increased transportation capacity available for optimization activities and higher NGL volumes gathered.  Earnings also increased as a result of higher volumes in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segments, specifically in the Williston Basin, from the startup of the new Garden Creek I plant that went into service in late December. The Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segments second quarter financial results were relatively unchanged. Our natural gas volumes gathered and processed in the Williston Basin were offset by lower natural gas and NGL product prices on the unhedged equity portion of these commodities. The new Garden Creek I plant continues to operate near its capacity of 100 million cubic feet per day. Operationally, the plant is exceeding our expectations and we continue on a record setting pace for new well connects in 2012. However, we have reduced the segments operating income guidance for 2012 primarily reflecting our expectation of lower net realized and expected commodity prices. We have provided those specific price assumptions in our earnings release. We still expect process volumes to be up 24% over last year and gathered volumes to be up 12% compared with last year. Low NGL prices did result in periods of ethane rejection in the midcontinent but did not have a material impact of this segments results.  The natural gas pipeline segments second quarter results were higher due primarily to increased natural gas storage and transportation margins. 2012 guidance for this segment remains unchanged. Equity earnings from Northern Border pipeline are relatively flat. Northern Border is substantially contracted through March 2013 and has been successful in capturing 3 year or longer extensions as current contracts expire. It is also has two-thirds contracted on its long-haul capacity through 2014. Our natural gas liquids segment continued to benefit from favourable NGL price differentials and more transportation capacity available for optimization activities and higher NGL volumes gathered.  Our MB-1 fractionator was down for scheduled maintenance for 30 days in May and experienced some temporary mechanical issues preventing it from returning immediately to its 160,000 barrel per day capacity. As a result, our fractionation volumes were down 2% during the second quarter with the Mid-Continent fractionators making up some of the volumes that would have been fractionated in the Gulf Coast and increased volumes in the Mid-Continent. The partnership will realize margins from raw feed stored in the Gulf Coast as a result of the turnaround later in the year as we have forward sales in place.  NGLs transported on our gathered lines were up 21%, averaging 523,000 barrels per day during the quarter. As a result of the increased NGL volumes gathered from the expansions Arbuckle pipeline and the Mid-Continent NGL gathering system in Texas and Western Oklahoma.  We expect NGL gathering volumes to be up 22% over last year and fractionation volumes to be up 11% compared with the same period. We increased our operating income guidance for this segment to reflect higher than expected NGL optimization margins from increased NGL transportation capacity available for optimization activities and higher isomerisation margins. For the last six months of 2012, we have assumed $0.28 per gallon Con-way to Mont Belvieu average ethane in the ethane propane mix price differential. Now, an update on our projects. First, all of our previously announced internal growth projects are within the forecasted project cost and timeline ranges. Second, last week we announced more internal growth projects totalling approximately $1 billion that now bring our 2011 to 2015 internal growth program from $5.7 billion to $6.6 billion. Our contractual dedications in the Williston Basin have grown to 2.7 million acres which is supporting the building of a new 100 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing facility, the Garden Creek II plant and related infrastructure. Upon completion, our processing capability in the Williston Basin will be approximately 500 million cubic feet per day. We will also be installing additional pump stations on the Bakken NGL pipeline to increase its capacity to 135,000 barrels per day from an initial 60,000 barrels per day to take away liquids generated by our plants. We will be expanding our Gulf Coast fractionation capacity by constructing a new 75,000 barrel per day natural gas liquids fractionators MB-3 and related infrastructure at Mont Belvieu, Texas, plus the installation of a 40,000 barrel per day ethane, propane splitter at our Mont Belvieu storage facility. These projects are backed by firm supply commitments and area dedications. Third, an update of our plan to build the 1300 mile Bakken Crude Express Pipeline. Discussions with crude oil producers indicate they project crude oil production to increase to well over 1 million barrels per day within the next five years requiring additional crude oil takeaway capacity. At the moment, we are in advanced stages of negotiations with two large anchor shippers who represent a majority of the 200,000 barrel per day initial pipeline capacity. We are also negotiating with multiple other producers for additional capacity. We expect to have committed in the near-term well before construction all the pipelines capacity thats available for commitments. Final negotiations with the anchor tenants, as well as the open season results could increase the current pipeline capacity beyond 200,000 barrels. For obvious competitive reasons we are not disclosing the proposed rates at this time. However, it will be advantageous to rail with producers able to lock in rates for longer term compared with a contract for typical rail capacity.  We continue to develop and evaluate a lengthy backlog of natural gas and NGL related infrastructure projects, including investments in processing plants, natural gas pipelines, NGL fractionation and storage facilities. Even with the recently announced projects totalling $1 billion, this backlog still totals more than $2 billion.  As we have done in the past, we will announce the projects when we are sufficient producer and/or customer commitments to make them economically viable. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Terry will now give you an update on our view of the current and the long-term NGL market dynamics.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Today I will provide a brief outlook of the NGL markets. Over the past several months there certainly has been some downward pressure on NGL prices, primarily as a result of the following: an overall softening in the crude oil markets, many of the petrochemical facilities were down for major scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, increased production growth in NGL rich sale areas and higher propane inventory levels due to a warmer than normal winter.  With the major plant outages behind them the petchems have begun to consume the excess ethane inventory that has built-up and accordingly ethane inventories are expected to decline throughout the remainder of the year. The petchems expect to be operating at high utilization rates, well in excess of 90% with ethane as their primary feedstock. Ethane continues to be the preferred petrochemical feedstock versus oil-based feeds due to ethanes continued price advantage driven by the continued low ethane to crude oil price ratio which is now well below 20%. With new record, ethane consumption of well over 1 million barrels per day, we expect US ethane inventories in terms of days of supply to be back to within normal ranges as early as year end. We expect the price of ethane, particularly at Mont Belvieu to continue to strengthen in the near and longer term as it has recently.  In particular, US Gulf coast petchem demand for purity ethane feed continues to grow and supplies of the traditional ethane propane mix continued to grow as well. This in our view is creating across our system an imbalance of excess ethane propane mix and not enough purity ethane to serve the petchems needs, accordingly the price relationship of ethane propane mix versus the premium price purity ethane has periodically widened to historical levels. To meet the growing petrochemical demand for purity ethane, we have planned to construct a new facility in Mont Belvieu to slip purity ethane out of the traditional ethane propane mix. The new facility which is simply a specialized fractionator designed to fractionate an 80-20 ethane propane mix into purity will allow us to better serve our petrochemical customers, as well as compete more effectively for new markets and supplies. A quick comment on propane. Due to the higher propane inventories, resulting primarily from the past mild winter and its reduced price relative to crude oil-based feeds, we have seen some petchems crack more propane compared with previous years. However with the petchems resuming normal operations following the major turnarounds, we are seeing some petrochemical facilities reduce their propane feed in favour of ethane.  We do expect the propane surplus to decline as additional export capacity is developed over the next 12 months, with propane exports being maximized due to the continued pricing incentive for international propane buyers to purchase US Gulf Coast propane. We also expect NGL fractionation capacity to remain in short supply but gradually increase as new fractionators including our own come online over the next few years. Fractionation capacity especially in the Gulf Coast is at a premium as growing unfractionated NGL supplies from the prolific shell developments, we continue to see the premium price to Gulf Coast NGL markets. Accordingly, new pipeline capacity between Con-way and Mont Belvieu is being built to accommodate NGL growth from the shales. We continue to believe the NGL price differential between the market hubs will narrow to cost to build range of $0.08 to $0.10 per gallon over the next couple of years.  In spite of the volatile and challenging commodity markets, we continue to focus on helping our supply and market connected customers get the products to where they need to be. Our recently announced growth projects, the new MB-3 fractionator and EP splitter in Mont Belvieu and the expansion of the Bakken NGL pipeline are being built, so we can continue to provide reliable services to our customers through our integrated NGL asset base. On the supply side, many rigs have moved away from dry gas regions and producers are focusing specifically on crude oil and liquids rich plays such as the Bakken, Cana-Woodford, Woodford, Granite Wash, Niobrara, Mississippian Lime and the Eagle Ford Shales. Fortunately, for us, our assets are well-positioned in all but one of these areas. While overall rig counts have decreased, rig counts in the Bakken and the Cana-Woodford especially in the core areas, where we operate are increasing. As NGL growth continues at a rapid pace, we believe that over the next couple of years there will be some periodic oversupplies of ethane as new NGL production and infrastructure brings additional NGLs to market.  As we approach and move through the 2015 through to 2017 timeframe, we do believe there will be sufficient demand for NGLs as new petrochemical expansions come on line and from growing Gulf Coast export activity. John that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions I would like to add to what Rob said about our confidence in our dividend and distribution growth projections.  Prices, especially lower ones, will affect ONEOK Partners earnings through our Percent of Proceeds contracts, particularly in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing business. This commodity price risk will always be present in the gathering and processing business, which is why we have historically pursued hedging opportunities. However, as we continue to grow ONEOK Partners, the volume growth in our natural gas liquids and crude oil pipeline business will generate additional income that is fee-based and contracted on a shipper pay or fracker pay basis, significantly reducing future earnings risk. I would also at this time like to thank our more than 4800 employees whose dedication and commitment allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably, and environmentally responsibly every day and create exceptional value for our investors and customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company successful. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize David Roth, our Senior Vice President of Administrative Services who will retire September 30. In his role he is responsible for IT, HR and corporate services. During his 33 years he has made countless contributions and many positive changes to our employee benefits, enhanced our IT capability dramatically, and advanced our employee development efforts. Through his leadership he has made ONEOK a much better place to work. During my 12 years at ONEOK, David has been a trusted and faithful colleague, but more importantly to me, over those years, one of my closest friends. With Dan assuming Davids responsibilities, Im confident the Company will stay the course, but we will miss David Roth.  So, on behalf of all ONEOK employees, we thank David for his contributions and wish him the best in his retirement years. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
John Gibson:  All right, and we are on.
Operator:  We will go first to Steve Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Maresca  Morgan Stanley: You dont get off that easy. Good morning and thanks as always for all the details. My first question is on the NGL movements out of Kansas and Oklahoma, can you talk a little bit about, first, what is Arbuckle running at right now in terms of flows? And then Sterling III comes online late next year. How long do you think that will take to get up to the initial capacity that you talk about 193,000?
John Gibson :  I will ask Pierce to provide you as much detail, as he is comfortable doing. But as you will recall in our many, many conversations where you asked very similar questions, we don't disclose a whole lot of information about that, but whatever you feel comfortable saying, Pierce.
Pierce Norton:  As far as Arbuckle goes, Steve, I guess the way I would say that it's near capacity.
Steve Maresca  Morgan Stanley:  Okay.
John Gibson :  Thats all you got say.
Steve Maresca  Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And then, how long does something typically with a new line like Sterling, like take, would you say to ramp to what a capacity that name plate that you are talking?
John Gibson :  You know, one of the points of reference, I would give to you is that when we built Arbuckle, we anticipated that it would have a slow increase. I can't remember what we  Terry, do you remember what we anticipate maybe as much as a year to get --?
Terry Spencer:  Right, John. I think we were expecting  it would take roughly a year to get to about 160,000 barrels per day, and of course, we have moved through that pretty quickly. So, sort of, it depends upon the ability of the producer or the customer shipper to either complete the plans or have the supply available. Once the pipeline is built, it's just a matter of the supply being accessible.
Steve Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then with our July announcements on the Garden Creek gas processing and the MB-3, can you discuss any agreements that you have surrounding those projects?
Pierce Norton: Steve, this is Pierce. The way I would answer that one is that if you remember in my script notes, we have 2.7 million acres under dedication there, and when you look at the projected volumes, it will more than fill up that plant. So, we actually have all of that contracted for under existing area dedications.  And as far as MB-3 goes, there is a very high level, way more barrels available there than even the capacity. So, we believe that, that will fill up really quickly and be committed as well.
Steve Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Final one on the Bakken Crude line, what are the permits or regulatory hurdles that are needed?
John Gibson : It really is not  it's the same one it's pretty much that you go through in the NGL side. You will get core permits, if you cross any kind of state lands. You get the state land permits. You go through the standard negotiation process in the beginning, and then, you have an open season, and then basically you are ready to go and construct and build once you get the necessary regulatory permits. So, nothing out of the ordinary when you compare it to the NGL side.
Steve Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks everybody.
John Gibson : Thank you, Steve.
Operator:  We will go next to Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Thanks, good morning everybody. Actually Pierce, just following up on that, and I am not sure if given this stage of negotiations it is possible to say, but you had made the reference of near-term, I believe. And so, is a binding open season something that you still expect to happen this year or was that something that could potentially be a 2013 event?
Pierce Norton: We still expect that to happen this year, Carl.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Okay. And then if I could and Rob, I know you are going to lay all this out at the Analyst Day, but just, you mentioned sort of the forward deck that you are using being an average of (inaudible) Wood Mack, etcetera. Do you actually happen to have those absolute numbers even if it's kind of a 30,000 high level oil and even composite NGL relationship just to dead reckon?
Robert Martinovich : I mean, Carl, we do, and I guess one of the other reason that we want to cite that was that's been past practice, so you can get a feel as far as how those things are moving around, but really where those kind of end up from at least from a crude standpoint, you are kind of mid-90s, gas around 4, and then, on the composite barrels, kind of in that $0.80 to $0.90 range.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Okay. Fair enough. And then last question if I could. I just wanted to make sure I understood on energy marketing at OKE. This reclassification, was that basically something that was previously a low comp and is now sort of a mark-to-market loss, and maybe we will get some of that money back, whether its the end of this year or 2013, or is that just more sort of an outright loss?
Robert Martinovich :  Yes, Carl, when we talk about that first quarter, we said similar to an LCM that you may be familiar with on inventory, however, this related to losses on purchase head contracts. And as we indicated in the first quarter and as Pierce said, now, we expect to get some deferred gains back in this heating season. And so, we do expect to claw back a little bit of that this year and thats included in the guidance.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: I see. Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator:  We will go next to Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Just following up on the question on the new Garden Creek plant. So, you have got the acreage dedications, but the volumes have actually moved through, will those be percentage of proceeds type contracts?
John Gibson :  Yes, they will.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, talking about just sort of the Conway, Belvieu spread assumptions, when you talk about $0.08 to $0.10 long term, you are now in the high 20s for this year. I guess I am trying to bridge for 2013 kind of how you are thinking about 13. You are going to be ringing 60,000 barrels a day of Bakken NGLs into Conway. So, that will probably make that spread a little wider. I am just wondering if you can talk a little bit more about that.
Terry Spencer:  Ted, this is Terry. We provided you the $0.28 for ethane for the second half of 2012. As we look to 2013, if you recall, we have actually brought some capacity on between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast, and then in particular our Sterling I 15,000 barrel a day expansion and our Arbuckle expansion of about 60,000 barrels per day here in 2012.  So, we have bought some capacity on, and so, as a result, our view is that the spreads will tighten somewhat as we move into 2013. So, you are going to see spreads, in our view, somewhere in that $0.15 to $0.20 range for 2013. And then, you will move into the 2014 timeframe and get into that $0.08 to $0.10 realm, which is primarily the cost to build.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Sure. Thats very helpful. Thanks Terry. And then, last one is for me, just coming back to the Bakken Crude Pipeline. And you talked about the two anchor shippers. I guess if you got just those two contracts signed at where you are thinking, would you be hitting your sort of five to seven times EBITDA target, or do you need to get a few more people signed up to hit your target?
Terry Spencer: No. If we could get those two anchor shippers, then we will be within that range, but we do expect there to be even more interest than just those two anchor shippers.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Got it. And that would cause you then to potentially upside of the pipe.
Terry Spencer: Thats correct.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thats it from me. Thanks guys.
John Gibson :  Thanks Ted.
Operator:  We will go next to John Edwards with Credit Suisse.
John Edwards  Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning everybody.
John Gibson :  Good morning, John.
John Edwards  Credit Suisse: Just curious, you are making some comments about your distribution growth outlook in relation to coverage. And so, I am just curious, would you be more inclined to slow that growth just a bit to keep your coverage within your 1.05 to 1.15 target, or would you be more inclined to maintain sort of the low end of the 15% to 20% range and take your coverage down a bit?
John Gibson :  Well, theres no answer to give to you at this point in time. That's a board issue, but we have had that discussion with the board, and its management's view that we probably would focus more on the coverage ratio than we would the accelerating the distribution.  But again, it all depends on where the market is at that particular point in time. I think the more important thing is that we don't necessarily see ourselves in that position. Rob, is there anything you want to add to that?
Robert Martinovich:  Yes, I think just to imply John, much like when we had periods of time, John, where we knew we had unsustainable optimization levels and we had coverage ratios well exceeding that target rate. There are going to be periods of times we are down below. So, I think you have to look at there from a sustainability standpoint before you make the final decision.  
John Edwards  Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. And then, with regards to the ethane supply demand balance outlook, there were some comments made indicating there would be some periods of oversupply although 2015 to '17, the expectation was it would be in relative balance. And I was just wondering if you had any more thoughts regarding the 2013 to '15 timeframe with respect to what kind of or where you think the supply demand balance might be at that point in that timeframe?
John Gibson :  John, really, I think probably the only thing I could add to the previous comments I made in my remarks is that the curve is going to be kind of lumpy. It is not going to be perfectly smooth and certainly, we will have these periods of time where we will have excess ethane. When many of the analysts analyze this ethane supply and demand balance, they would make the assumption that everyone of these fractionators that are coming on are going to be full day one, or at least get full at some point in time.  That may not happen in every case. And as a result, it is going to make it kind of difficult to predict those supply and demand balances during that timeframe. And so, it really is going to look kind of lumpy, and we will have periods where the crackers will need everything we can give them, and they will consume everything we can give them, and other times, where they don't. So, we will have to weather that. It will be volatile. And we are well-positioned through that volatile timeframe and by the time, we make it to 2015, 2017, we will be in really good shape.
John Edwards  Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
John Gibson :  Thanks, John.
Operator:  We will go next to Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks. Couple of questions for me. One, on the E/P splitter, will that produce international grade propane, and if so, would that potentially find an export market?
John Gibson :  No, it will be primarily consumed domestically.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. Then kind of a dumb question for me and I apologize, but why is MB-3, the cost to build this so much greater than MB-2?
John Gibson :  I mean basically you have got some escalation of cost that occurs in the labor market and with the materials, so that's driving it more than anything, and frankly, when you start to build that many fractionators down in that area, you get a lot of demand for construction services, both construction management services and the materials and labor and this just drives the cost up.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. So, how does that impact the return you will get on MB-3 versus MB-2?
John Gibson :  We still expect our returns to be solid and within those guidelines of multiples that we provided earlier.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator:  We will go next to Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital Markets: Hi good morning. Just a point of clarification for me. For the increase in the guidance in the NGL segment where the press release states that part of that increase is due to higher optimization margin resulting from additional transportation capacity for optimization. Is that or can you elaborate a little bit more on that and how that trends the rest of the year? Is that just because you had some pipeline come on a little sooner and you are just waiting for some laterals to connect before third parties contract or has there been a change in how you are thinking about contracting?
Pierce Norton:  Elvira, this is  it's really all of the construction and the expansions that we have done so far, and then it's a matter of how volumes match up with new plants that are coming online. If for some reason they are a little bit slower, then that provides us the ability to take those that spare capacity and use it for optimization volume. So it's really, it's opportunistic, but there's really no change in the way that we are contracting. We are still moving toward more of the fee-based, and as Terry has indicated more of the cost to build in the outer years 2014.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, just a follow-up on a previous question. On the Bakken NGL pipeline, the expansion; do you expect that to be full on day one?
Pierce Norton:  Actually, the way that you add the capacity to that pipe, which is through pumps, the way the engineering works is that the capacity actually elevates up to 135,000 per day. We do expect it to be substantially full, but we also run into a limitation when we get to Overland Pass pipeline. So, we won't be able to immediately go to the 135,000 without doing some things on the Overland Pass pipeline, but it will be substantially full early.
John Gibson :  I am sorry, but was Elvira asking about the NGL pipeline or the crude oil pipeline?
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital Markets: The NGL pipeline.
John Gibson :  Sorry.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, if you wanted to expand that pipeline further, could you or I guess as you said you would have to make some modifications to Overland Pass?
John Gibson :  Right, that's probably going to be more of the driving factor than the NGL Bakken line. I mean, you can always expand them by looping lines and adding pumps. So, the simple answer is yes, you can expand it, but there's other things you have to expand as well.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital Markets: And then, just my final question. So, if you have these additional NGLs coming into Conway, I am just trying to understand looking out into 2014, why we are thinking the Conway to Belvieu spread is going to be at $0.08 to $0.10 as opposed to higher, if you have more NGLs?
John Gibson : Certainly, Elvira. I could see where you might think that. I think the reality though is that there's quite a bit of capacity that's going to be built not just by ONEOK, but by others. DCP has their project and Enterprise has their Texas Express projects. So, those will be coming online in 2013 and then 2014. So, those are going pressure the spreads.  We are pretty confident they will come in because when you just do the math and you look at the increment capacity that's going to be added, you just add it up, it's significant. So, our view was that the floor, so to speak, on that margin will  on that margin between Conway and Belvieu will naturally gravitate towards this cost to build. So, it may be conservative, but we feel pretty confident that's where it's going to wind up.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks, thats all I have.
Operator:  We will go next to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: Hi guys, thanks for the call and also for the mid-June Mid-Continent field trip. I thought those were very helpful.
John Gibson :  Good. I am glad you enjoyed it Craig. Its a little hot, wasnt it?
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: Yes. Especially in those overalls.
John Gibson :  Yes, I am sure thats true. We got to keep safe.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: That must be why you only sent us home with the hard hats?
John Gibson :  Those dang things are expensive. Hard hats little peak.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: So a couple of follow-ups here. Terry, do you have a firm idea of just how much exactly petrochem capacity has increased to handle lighter feedstock coming out of the most recent maintenance cycle? And do you have a better feel for whether the proportional amount of fuel switching capacity between propane and ethane has increased or decreased coming out of that cycle?
Terry Spencer:  What I can tell you is, is that the increased demand coming out of the petrochemical space is about 80,000 to 100,000 barrels a day just based upon the information we have been able to pick up, not just from the exports, but from those within the industry themselves.  As it relates to propane, we have seen a significant amount of switching. Our marketing people are talking to the petchems everyday and we are seeing some switching as much as 100,000 barrels a day away from propane back to ethane. So, pretty significant and we expect that to continue throughout the year, and in particular, as propane prices strengthen with the pressure from the increased demand on the export side. But you want to attribute that to a decreased flexibility in the system depending on how they tweak things when they are in the maintenance down cycle?
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers:  Okay. But you want to attribute that to a decreased flexibility in the system depending on how they tweak things when they are in the maintenance down cycle? 
Terry Spencer: No.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers:  Okay. And there has been some questions about distribution coverage given the prepared comments. One thing I would note and the comment was made well, we are going to  its seasonal, right. Sometimes, we are going to be significantly over the target range for coverage and sometimes a little under, and it will be because of market events that were not.  They are transitory that we are not reacting to, but it was nice before when you had a whole slew of growth CapEx projects that were highly accretive and you happen to have a lot of extra cash flow. Now, that you are thinking about maybe a one-times coverage, and you just announced a week ago another $1 billion of CapEx, could you kind of speak to thoughts about how that might be financed?
Terry Spencer: I'm not suggesting that your question is insinuating. We have changed our practice, because we haven't. I think what we were trying to do in our comments was to say that with sustained low pricing and keeping our distribution growth, we could see a one-times coverage.  We are not saying that we are shifting from 1.05 to 1.15 and we are now going to set it at 1. So, I just want to be clear that, that was not the intention of our comments. Our comments were there is a lot of concern in low price environment, as to whether or not people are going to maintain their coverage ratio and grow their distribution.  We believe in worst case that we may face if prices continue to remain low that we might be near that one. We might fall below that 1.05, but we are not rebasing the company to a one-times coverage ratio.  So, I just want to be clear that we have not changed and we remain focused, and then there was a question earlier about which (inaudible) and our management team believes that what you would do is probably slow down your distribution growth in periods of extremely low price environment and maintain your coverage ratio. And then, of course, is your follow-on question about equity offering or additional financing. Even if we had those dates, we wouldnt share them with you.  So, I think you look at the balance sheet, although there is a lot of great things to be said about it clearly, at OKS, we need to raise some additional capital, some debt and we have got a great general partner and a company that likes to invest in ONEOK Partners. So, we see the capital markets being receptive to any demands we might put out there.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: Understood. Last question, and it may just be coincidence, I know you have had a lot of nice transitions with the management team, various people taking on new responsibilities lately, and some people taking a well-deserved rest. Does the changing of the guard at energy services, amid the very tough operational environment indicate any kind of reconsideration of the business plan over time there?
Terry Spencer: Not one bit.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator:  We will go next to Helen Ryoo with Barclays.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays:  Good morning. First question on the optimization capacity. It seems like you will be using much less optimization capacity in second half versus first half, and just wondering if that capacity has already been contracted out to third-party, and if so, what is the term of the contract?
John Gibson :  Helen, you are correct in the amount of optimization capacity available to us is going to go directionally downward toward the end of the year. That is a contractual basis, but as I mentioned before, part of that is dependent on whether or not they actually  what volume is under those contracts actually shows up. So, we have assumed that most of that volume will show up. It may or may not, and if it doesn't, then we will have a little more for capacity. We actually don't disclose what that amount is.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays:  Okay. Yes. I understand you don't disclose the amount, but just wondering the length of these contracts that you are signing with third-party, is it more of 5-year or 10-year, what?
John Gibson :  They are long-term contracts.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays:  Okay. And then, is it your expectation to bring down your optimization capacity down even more in 2013 versus the second half of the year, or are you, will you be comfortable with maintaining the sort of the second half optimization capacity level going forward?
John Gibson : I think if I said that and then the volumes, whatever those volumes materialize, kind of sending a message as to what that is. So, we are going to have, we will always have a certain amount of volume available for optimization, I guess is the best way I can answer that.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays:  Okay. And then just out of curiosity on your E/P splitter project, I know it's a small project, but would that be a spread business for you or is that a fee-based business?
John Gibson : It actually is a little bit of both. We have enough E/P mix to put in that splitter and capture that upside purity ethane to the E/P price. It also factors into competitive advantage point of view that we have of being able to offer our customers a purity ethane price, which rolls into long-term fee-based contracts out of the Mid-Continent.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays:  Okay. And then just lastly I think regarding the MB-3 project, I think the MB-2 fractionator was expandable from, like 75 to 125, if I am not mistaken. Just wondering your decision to build MB-3 instead of expanding the existing MB-2, what are sort of the factors that affected that?
Terry Spencer:  Helen, this is Terry. I do recall that's what we indicated. I think it's quite simply in terms of we will have built the 75,000 barrel a day fractionator, then we will have done that. It will be easier and more efficient, and we will get more bang for our buck building a twin basically to MB-2. So, it's simply that.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays:  Okay. And even if you expanded the MB-2 rather than MB-3, I mean sort of the cost side, it would not really have changed too much on the cost side?
Terry Spencer:  I didnt follow that.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays: So, just I mean there was an earlier discussion about MB-3 costs getting a bit much higher than MB-2 because of all those inflationary factors you mentioned, but just wondering if you expanded the existing frac rather than build a new one, would those factors still have contributed to higher cost?
Terry Spencer:  Helen, there is one other piece I think that I need to mention here is that there are also infrastructure costs that are in the MB-3 costs. So, there is some line loopings, some pumps and some other stuff out in the field that's actually also going to be attributing to that, not only the escalation in costs. So, I think that's probably one of the big points I want to make.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator:  We will go next to Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Thank you. My questions have been answered, thank you.
John Gibson :  Thank you, Ross.
Operator:  We will go next to Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital:  Thanks, my question, my follow-up was hit, too. Thank you.
John Gibson :  Okay. Well, thank you all. This concludes our call. A couple of announcements. The Annual ONEOK Partners Investor Day is scheduled for Tuesday, September 25th, in New York. A save the day notice was sent out to you earlier this week and we will be following up with additional information, including times, meeting room locations in the next several weeks.  At that meeting, you will have the opportunity to meet TD Eureste, who is joining our Investor Relations team from Treasury and will be part of Andrews team. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on October 30th, followed by our conference call of 11 Eastern, 10 Central on October 31st.  We will provide details on the conference call at a later date. Andrew and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. So, we will see you in September, if not before. Thanks for joining us.
Operator:  And that does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dan Harrison  VP, IR and Public Affairs John Gibson  Chairman, President and CEO Robert Martinovich  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Pierce Norton  COO Terry Spencer  COO, ONEOK Partners
Analysts:  John Tysseland  Citigroup Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs Michael Blum  Wells Fargo Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital Becca Followill  US Capital Advisors Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Bernie Colson  Global Hunter Christine Cho  Barclays Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Christopher Sighinolfi  UBS Mark Reichman  Simmons 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners 2012 First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Harrison. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Harrison: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. A reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now, Ill turn the call over to John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and many thanks to you all for joining us today. We always appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me this morning are Rob Martinovich, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review our quarterly financial performance and update our three-year growth forecast; Pierce Norton, our Chief Operating Officer, who will review the operating performance of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and update you on the partnerships growth projects; and Terry Spencer, our President, who will discuss our NGL supply and demand outlook, followed by an update on our new Bakken Crude Express Pipeline. On this mornings call, I will briefly review our first quarter results, discuss our rationale for building the crude oil pipeline out of the Bakken and then conclude with some perspective on our updated three-year growth forecast. Lets start with our first quarter performance. Again, ONEOK Partners turned in an exceptionally strong performance, while our Natural Gas Distribution segment turned in slightly lower results, and our Energy Services segment reported a loss because of the continued decline in natural gas prices. Pierce will provide more detail on each segments operating performance in just a few minutes. We remain confident with our 2012 earnings guidance ranges for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Although its still early in the year, we expect the continued strong performance at the partnership to offset the weaker performance at Energy Services. Now, a few comments about our Bakken Crude Express Pipeline. Building this crude oil line is consistent with our vision statement, which includes applying our core capabilities of gathering, processing, fractionating, storing, marketing and distributing the natural gas, natural gas liquids, and other energy commodities. Our physical presence in the Bakken provides us a unique opportunity to apply our capabilities to crude oil. Its very similar to what we did when we entered the NGL business more than a decade ago. Whenever we evaluate opportunities, whether theyre capital projects or new business ventures, we answer three questions. First, how does the opportunity fit with our vision? Second, what is our competitive advantage? And finally, are we creating value for others besides ourselves? In this case, the opportunity fits our vision very well. We believe our unique knowledge of the Bakken, the presence of our existing assets, our relationships with producers and our strong commercial, construction and operating capabilities represent a competitive advantage that will create value, not only for investors, but also for producers and refiners. For producers, this new pipeline provides a reliable mode of transportation at a lower cost versus other alternatives. It allows them to increase their net backs and receive the benefits of their high-quality crude oil. Demand for light, sweet crude has never been greater. Despite improved technology to refine heavier, sour crudes, light sweet crude is still refiners preferred feedstock. This new platform also is a  excuse me, this new pipeline also is a platform for future growth, creating additional opportunities to provide services to producers and refiners. As Terry will discuss later, we are well on our way to securing the supply commitments to make this pipeline economically viable. Consistent with our past practice, we only announce projects in which we have a high degree of confidence that we can secure producer commitment. Rob will now review ONEOKs financial highlights, and then Pierce will review ONEOKs operating performance. Rob?
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. ONEOKs first quarter net income was $122.9 million compared with $130.9 million for the same period last year, due mostly to losses in the Energy Services segment as a result of the continued decline in natural gas prices. This quarter included a non-recurring, non-cash $10.3 million or $8.5 million after-tax goodwill impairment charge that reduced Energy Services goodwill balance to zero, and a required $29.9 million non-cash reclassification of deferred losses to earnings on certain financial contracts related to our Storage business. This loss is similar to an LCM, or lower of cost or market charge on inventory that you may be familiar with. However, this charge relates to losses on purchase hedge contracts rather than on physical inventory. We still have gains that will be recognized in earnings during the 2012, 2013 heating season. In February 2012, we sold ONEOK Energy Marketing Company, a natural gas retail marketing business, to Constellation Energy Group. We received net proceeds of approximately $32 million and recognized an after-tax gain on the sale of approximately $13.3 million. During the quarter, ONEOK invested approximately $460 million to acquire an additional 8 million common units from ONEOK Partners in a private placement transaction. ONEOK also contributed approximately $19 million to maintain its 2% general partner interest, demonstrating our bullish view on ONEOK Partners future growth. ONEOKs first quarter 2012 stand-alone cash flow, before changes in working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $69.2 million. As the general partner and significant limited partner owner, ONEOK will receive $107 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners for the first quarter, a 32% increase from the same period last year. We also reaffirmed our 2012 guidance with net income expected to be in the range of $360 million to $410 million. The continued strong performance at ONEOK Partners, especially from its natural gas liquids business, should offset the lower results from Energy Services. We expect ONEOKs net income to grow approximately 18% annually from our 2012 guidance through 2014, as incremental earnings from the growth at ONEOK Partners flow to ONEOK. In April, we declared a dividend of $0.61 per share, unchanged from the previous quarter. Subject to board approval, we expect to increase the dividend $0.05 per share in July. We also expect the dividend to grow by approximately 40% between 2012 and 2014, following an 18% increase from 2011. ONEOKs liquidity position is good. At the end of the first quarter, on a stand-alone basis, we had $419.8 million of commercial paper outstanding, $34.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, $188.5 million of natural gas in storage, $778.2 million available under our $1.2 billion credit facility, and our total debt-to-capitalization ratio was 49%. ONEOKs significant cash flow and outstanding liquidity position continue to give us incredible financial flexibility. Since ONEOK Partners announced the Bakken Crude Express Pipeline, weve been asked if this project changes our uses or preferences of ONEOKs free cash flow. The short answer is no. ONEOK remains committed to providing sustainable value to our shareholders and solidifying our position as an attractive investment, whether its by increasing our dividend, repurchasing ONEOK stock and/or purchasing additional units of ONEOK Partners. We have used all of these options, and dont view them as mutually exclusive, and are fortunate to have the financial capability to do one or more under favorable conditions. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOKs operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Rob, and good morning. Lets start with our Natural Gas Distribution segment. First quarter 2012 earnings were slightly lower because of higher depreciation expense primarily related to the installation of automated meter reading devices last year. The warmer weather reduced some of the commercial customer transportation demand that is not subject to weather normalization. But these decreases were partially offset by higher rates in Texas as a result of regulatory activity. Now, a brief regulatory update; Kansas Gas Service plans to file a rate case this month that will include rate design options, further reducing our volumetric sensitivity in this area. In March 2012, Oklahoma Natural Gas filed a performance-based rate change application seeking to increase base rates by $16.2 million, resetting our regulated return on equity to 10.25%, which is slightly below the current approved 10.5%. A hearing with the commission is set for the end of June. Now, a brief business overview of Energy Services. As we have said on previous earnings calls, we are aligning or right-sizing the transportation and storage capacity to serve our premium services customers, which means we are turning back or renegotiating transportation and storage rates. By 2015, approximately 90% of the storage capacity and more than 75% of the transport capacity will expire, providing an opportunity to either renew them at lower rates or cancel the leases. For example, we did not renew 35 million cubic feet per day of transportation capacity that expired in the first quarter and an additional 46 million cubic feet per day that expired on April 1. We do not plan to renew another 60 million cubic feet per day that will expire in the fourth quarter of this year. We began this year at just over 1.1 billion cubic feet per day of transportation capacity, and well exit the year at around 0.97 billion cubic feet per day. As disclosed in our last analyst call, we still expect to reduce our targeted leased transportation capacity down to 0.8 billion cubic feet per day and our lease storage capacity to 60 billion cubic feet by 2015. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Now Rob will review ONEOK Partners financial performance. Then, Pierce will come back to review the partnerships first quarter operating performance and growth projects, which Im pleased to say, are on time, on budget and continue to attract additional supply commitments.
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John. In the first quarter, ONEOK Partners net income increased 58% compared with the first quarter of 2011. ONEOK Partners reported net income of $238.8 million or $0.91 per unit compared with last years first quarter net income of $150.9 million or $0.58 per unit. Distributable cash flow increased 51% compared with the first quarter last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.74 times. The higher earnings and resulting higher coverage ratio were primarily due to strong NGL optimization margins, increased NGL volumes transported and fractionated and increased natural gas gathering and processing volumes from the growth in the Williston Basin, including the startup of the Garden Creek plant in late December. In 2008, when commodity prices were at record levels, we used the incremental cash flow to finance a portion of our $2 billion capital investment program that was completed in 2009, and we plan to use a portion of the incremental cash flow likewise in 2012 to help fund our more than $5 billion capital growth program, reducing our debt and equity financing needs. At the same time, we are increasing distributions to our unitholders in a meaningful way. We increased the distribution $0.025 per unit for the first quarter, and subject to board approval, expect to increase it another $0.025 per unit per quarter in 2012. We still expect to increase our distribution by an average of 15% to 20% annually in 2013 and 2014. In March, we completed a public offering of 8 million common units and a private placement with ONEOK of 8 million common units, which generated total proceeds of approximately $920 million, providing significant capacity for our capital expenditures program. We also repaid $350 million of senior notes at maturity in April. With the strong performance of the NGL segment expected to continue through 2012, weve reaffirmed and expect to be at the high end of the partnerships 2012 earnings guidance net income range of $810 million to $870 million and its distributable cash flow range of $925 million to $985 million. We expect ONEOK Partners EBITDA to grow approximately 20% annually from our 2012 guidance through 2014, as our growth projects go into service. We also reaffirmed our 2012 capital expenditure guidance of $2 billion, approximately $1.9 billion in growth capital and $109 million in maintenance capital. We continue to actively hedge to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Our 2012 natural gas hedges are 78%, while our 2012 NGL hedges are 72%. The news release also provides hedging information for 2013. At the end of the first quarter, the partnership had $746.7 million in cash and no commercial paper or other short-term borrowings, a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 46% and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.6 times. Now, Pierce will review the partnerships operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Rob. As John said, the partnership had a strong first quarter. Operating income increased 44%, driven primarily by higher margins in the Natural Gas Liquids segment from wider NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu, an increased fractionation in transportation capacity available for these optimization activities. Earnings also increased as a result of higher volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, specifically in the Williston Basin from the startup of the new Garden Creek plant that went into service in late December. The natural gas gathering and processing segments first quarter financial results were higher due primarily to higher natural gas volumes gathered and processed in the Williston Basin and Western Oklahoma, offset partially by lower natural gas and NGL product prices on our unhedged portion of these commodities, primarily ethane and propane. The Garden Creek plant is already processing over 90 million cubic feet per day, less than four months after going into service with full capacity expected in the very near future. Operationally, the plant has exceeded our expectations, and we continue on a record-setting pace for new well connections. The natural gas pipelines segments first quarter results were lower, due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas prices on our retained fuel position. Equity earnings from Northern Border Pipeline were relatively unchanged, as the pipeline maintained its position as a low cost provider to transport Canadian supply to Midwest markets. Northern Border is substantially contracted through March 2013, and has been successful in capturing three year or longer extensions as current contracts expire. Our Natural Gas Liquids segment continued to benefit from wider NGL differentials and more capacity available for optimization activities. The segment also benefited from higher NGL volumes gathered and fractionated. We fractionated 18% more volume during the first quarter 2012, averaging 585,000 barrels per day, including the volumes fractionated at the Targa facility under our agreement that began during the second quarter of last year. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were up 25%, averaging 498,000 barrels per day during the quarter as a result of increased NGL volumes gathered on the Arbuckle Pipeline into the Mid-Continent. We still expect the Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differential to average $0.32 per gallon this year. While the ethane differential was $0.24 in the first quarter, we anticipate ethane differentials for the remainder of the year to increase to sufficient levels to support our average ethane guidance differential of $0.32 per gallon, as petchems ramp up demand following their maintenance turnarounds where additional capacity was added. We have started our planned maintenance turnaround on our Mont Belvieu fractionator MB-1 and expect it to last until the end of May. During this turnaround, raw NGL volumes that were being fractionated at MB-1 either will be sent to other fractionators and/or placed in storage. Because of the advanced planning that goes on in a turnaround, we expect this turnaround will not substantially affect our customers operations and its factored into our earnings guidance. Now a quick update on our new projects. First, the Stateline I plant is expected to be in service in the third quarter of this year, with completion of the Stateline II plant in the first half of 2013. Last month, we announced the Divide County project in the Bakken Shale that includes 270 miles of natural gas gathering system and related infrastructure that will gather natural gas in the Bakken and deliver and practically fill the remaining capacity at Stateline II. We continue to see significant increases in drilling rig counts within our core areas in Western Oklahoma, in the NGL-rich Cana-Woodford Shale. As a result, we will construct a new 200 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing facility, the Canadian Valley Plant, and related infrastructure. The contracts are percent of proceeds with an additional fee component, and we have significant acreage dedications in most active development areas in the Cana-Woodford Shale. Terry will discuss the new Bakken Crude Express line in a moment. The 500-mile plus 60,000 barrel per day Bakken NGL pipeline, along with the expansions of the Bushton Fractionator and Overland Pass Pipeline are either on or ahead of schedule and on budget. Weve acquired more than 90% of the right-of-way needed for the Bakken NGL Pipeline. Weve purchased and started taking delivery of the steel pipe. Construction is set to start in late May or early June. Lets turn to our Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast projects look. The Arbuckle Pipeline expansion was completed in April, with gathering volumes already approaching its expanded capacity of 240,000 barrels per day. In addition, our 230-mile Mid-Continent NGL gathering system expansion in the Cana-Woodford and Granite Wash was also completed in April. This project connected our NGL gathering system to three new and three existing third-party natural gas processing facilities, and is expected to add 75,000 to 80,000 barrels per day of raw NGLs into our NGL system. The Sterling III Pipeline and MB-2 fractionator are progressing as planned. We have approximately 75% of the capacity committed on the 193,000 barrel per day Sterling III, which is the level of supply commitment we targeted for this project to achieve its required returns. All the capacity is committed on our 75,000 barrel per day MB-2 fractionator. Our commercial team has done a terrific job securing these supply commitments well before the assets go into service in 2013. We continue to develop and evaluate a lengthy backlog of natural gas and NGL-related infrastructure projects, including investments in processing plants, natural gas pipelines, NGL fractionation and storage facilities. This backlog totals substantially more than 2 billion and its growing. Some of these investments will free additional redundancy and reliability and improve our connectivity to our petchem customers while others will provide the critical infrastructure that producers, processors need to get their products to market. As we have done in the past, we will announce the projects when we have sufficient producer and/or customer commitments to make them economically viable. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Pierce. Terry will now give you an update on our view of the current and longer-term NGL market dynamics, as well as discuss in more detail the Bakken Crude Express Pipeline. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. This morning Ill provide a brief outlook of the NGL markets and close with some additional color on our recently announced Bakken Crude Express Pipeline. On the NGL demand side, the petrochemical industry continues to take advantage of using ethane as its feedstock due to its strong price advantage versus oil-based feedstocks. In the short term, several petrochemical facilities are currently conducting maintenance turnarounds reducing the immediate need for ethane. We also understand that several of these petchems are in turnarounds to increase their ethane fracing capabilities by a total of approximately 100,000 barrels per day. Dow also recently announced a world-scale ethylene cracker in the Gulf Coast to be completed in 2017, adding another estimated 100,000 barrels per day of ethane demand. Once these planned turnarounds are completed over the next few months, demand from the petchems for ethane and the price of ethane should strengthen, particularly in Mont Belvieu. Some experts are projecting ethane demand will reach new record highs later this year and will continue to grow over the long term, especially with the petrochemical plant restarts, expansions and new facilities. As a consequence, we expect NGL fractionation capacity to remain tight, but only gradually ease as new fractionators come online over the next few years. On the supply side, as you know, rigs have moved away from dry gas regions and producers are focusing especially on crude oil and liquids-rich plays, such as the Bakken, Cana-Woodford, Woodford, Granite Wash, Niobrara, Mississippian Lime and the Eagle Ford Shales. Fortunately, for us, our assets are well positioned in all but one of these areas. As NGL growth continues at a rapid pace, we believe that over the next couple of years, there will be some periodic over-supplies of ethane as new NGL production and infrastructure brings additional NGLs to market. As we approach and move through the 2015 and 2017 timeframe, we believe there will be sufficient demand for NGLs, as new petrochemical expansions come online, as well as from growing Gulf Coast export activity. Last month, we announced plans to build 1,300-mile Bakken Crude Express Pipeline, enabling us to serve the rapid crude oil supply growth in the Bakken Shale in the Williston Basin. Producers continue to aggressively drill in the Williston Basin, with current crude oil production in North Dakota exceeding 0.5 million barrels per day with over 200 active rigs. By comparison, in January 2011, crude oil production was approximately 340,000 barrels per day, and there were 150 active rigs. With crude oil production expected to increase to well over 1 million barrels per day within the next five years, additional crude oil take-away capacity is required. A pipeline compared with rail or truck is the most efficient and reliable method of transporting crude oil to the marketplace, especially in the Williston Basin, where the weather is harsh and very unpredictable. More than 80% of our pipeline is designed to parallel our existing and soon-to-be-built NGL pipelines, including the Bakken NGL pipeline, that will begin construction very soon. We will still need to acquire right-of-way for the pipeline, but knowing the geography and regulatory landscape provides us a significant advantage in estimating construction costs and understanding permitting and other regulatory requirements. Additionally, the pipeline will primarily serve those producers of light, low sulfur crude oil originating from the Bakken, as well as production from the Niobrara and in Kansas. New connections to consuming markets along the route, particularly in Kansas, are also being considered in addition to the Cushing market center. At the moment, we are in various stages of negotiations with almost 30 producers who represent nearly all of the 0.5 million barrels per day of Williston Basin crude oil production, many of which we already have relationships with for their natural gas and NGLs. They have expressed strong interest in our pipeline because of their expected crude oil production is ramping up at an even faster pace than recent years. Based upon current producer interest, we expect to have all of the pipelines capacity committed within the next couple of months. However, we do plan on having an open-season process in the late summer, early fall of this year. Based on our latest estimates, we expect to generate EBITDA multiples of 5 to 7 times, a similar return from our previously announced projects. For obvious competitive reasons, we are not disclosing the proposed tariff at this time, however, it will be more competitive and cheaper than rail, with producers able to lock in rates for a longer term compared with the contract for rail capacities. Many have asked if the partnership will need to own storage in Cushing to make this project viable. Several storage and terminal operators have contacted us about having our pipelines connected to their storage facilities. Cushing remains a key market center for crude oil due to its massive storage position, expanding capability and extensive connectivity, and several companies are building additional storage capacity to handle the incremental barrels from the Bakken and other producing regions. While the crude oil market is well served, this fact does not preclude us from further participating in crude oil-related opportunities within the value chain to serve our customers, just like we have in the natural gas and especially the NGL business. Our company has the commercial construction and operational expertise to execute this project with an experienced team of individuals who have constructed and operated crude oil systems before. With a history of successfully building and operating long-haul liquids transportation pipelines across the country, our capabilities in developing and operating NGL pipelines will serve us well, as we move into crude oil. We are well-prepared to execute on this important project. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, Id like to provide some additional context to our long-term growth forecast that Rob mentioned earlier. While growth in the Bakken and the Mid-Continent will create more commodity price exposure in our gathering and processing segment and our Mid-Continent NGL assets both current and future create opportunities to capture price differentials. Our projected earnings growth by 2014 is driven primarily by volume growth, not by higher projected commodity prices or wider differentials. If our assets or contracts allow us to capture upside, we will certainly do so, but it is not factored into our three year plan. As Ive said before, we are not in the business to predict commodity prices or play the spread. We are in the business to provide value-added fee-based services to our producers, processors and other customers. In closing, Id like to again thank our 4,800 employees who operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day, creating the exceptional value for our investors and our customers. Our success as a company depends on their contributions, and our entire management team appreciates their efforts. Operator, were now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go first to John Tysseland with Citigroup.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Hi, guys, good morning.
John Gibson: Good morning, John.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Can you discuss the re-contracting environment on your Mid-Con to Belvieu NGL transportation capacity? I guess, on the existing capacity as those current contracts expire, clearly the optimization is benefiting, but are customers willing to sign some long-term firm agreements for their existing capacity? Or is the competition from, I guess, some of the newer build projects keeping customers on the sidelines in the short term?
Pierce Norton: John, this is Pierce. Ill take that question. The short answer is yes. In what weve seen is, is that part of our optimization in the first quarter came about because we actually got the Arbuckle expansion into service sooner than we expected, and the laterals that feed to that are now being tied in. Long term, those contracts are in place. They are fixed fee, and as those new projects have now come in to feed Arbuckle, then those volumes will be fee-based volumes and will slowly diminish the amount of optimization opportunity that we have.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: So throughout the rest of the year, should we expect that some of this optimization volumes kind of decrease as those fee-based volumes increase kind of like what we were  thought was going to happen at the beginning of the year? Is that fair?
Pierce Norton: Yes, they will.
Terry Spencer: John, this is Terry. The only thing I would add to Pierces comments is that the contracting is going very well, and as you probably recall from our discussions in previous calls that we are  were contracting with these customers under these long-term contracts and giving those who need and desire that access to Belvieu, were contracting them at higher rates, okay? So those rates or bundled services will get them to Belvieu. And what will happen is, is were replacing that capacity use for optimization with this fee-based business. And thats going very well.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Great. Secondarily, I guess when you think about the Bakken Crude line project, clearly you have good relationships with the producers in the Basin given your processing plant investments up there. So, do you envision this project just as a start of a new strategy in the crude business? And if so, where else do you think ONEOK can compete effectively? And would you look at acquisitions to jumpstart this kind of  yeah, this piece of your business?
John Gibson: John, as I indicated at the beginning, the crude oil opportunity fits us very well, because were able to take advantage of the capabilities we already have in place, the assets we already have in place, the relationships we have in place. So building this particular crude oil pipeline makes sense for us as opposed to, lets say, building a crude oil pipeline on the East Coast or West Coast. I think obviously what has followed for us on the NGL side may also have the potential to follow on the crude oil side, i.e., secondary or third-order effects where we can serve the market and be consistent with our vision. So, short answer is, yeah, I mean, its going to create more opportunities.
Operator: Well take our next question from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to clarify something that Terry said on the Bakken Express, if I could. I apologize, Terry, did you say that you thought that you guys would be in a position that even with kind of a binding open season coming later in the fall that youd be in a position to have all of that pipeline capacity committed? Meaning that the 200,000, or is it getting to that minimum level to make it economically viable?
Terry Spencer: Absolutely. That  we absolutely believe that and expect to be contracted for all of that capacity within the next couple of months, based upon the way discussions are going at the moment. Now, what well have? Once you have that in place, then we will move forward with this open season process to ensure that all possible customers who want capacity on this pipe will have the opportunity to bid on it.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Great. Okay. And then thats what I was trying to get to. So its almost as if the way youre envisioning it now is the open season is really kind of almost more with  again based on where discussions are today, is almost upside  or upsizing the 200,000 rather than the base volumes. Is that fair?
Terry Spencer: Absolutely. I mean, even as this project  as we continue to have discussions with producers, we have more potential customers coming out of the woodwork. We would expect even more to come out of the woodwork and potential opportunity, not just upstream, but downstream as well, to come out of the woodwork as we move through that open season process.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: And last question on that, if I could. You mentioned the return metric of the same 5 to 7 times. And is that something that is necessitated by achieving market-based rates on the pipeline? Or thats not required?
Terry Spencer: Im not sure I follow your question. The 5 to 7 times reflects a rate that we believe the market will bear, okay, just based upon our current assessment of the market and also relative to competitive alternatives. When you apply the volumes, and Im not going to disclose to you what volumes we have in our economics, you come up with that return in that 5 to 7 times. Does that help you?
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Yes, it does. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I hate to beat the dead horse in the Bakken Pipeline, but Im just wondering, it is a pretty fragmented market up there. How do you think about the terms that youre looking for on the pipeline, the credit quality maybe of some of the producers that youre going to be signing up there?
Terry Spencer: Sure, Ted. From a term standpoint, were looking at 10 plus years with a combination of firm, and therell be dedications as well. So, when we look at the  we compare this project to the competition, to the fragmented competition, clearly its advantage is being able to lock in the long-term rates, which at the  in the current environment its difficult to get those long-term rates, particularly as it relates to rail. Does that helps?
John Gibson: (Inaudible).
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Yeah. No, thats helpful. And then switching over, Pierce, you talked a little bit about thinking the spread is going to be back to $0.32 a gallon and that was in your guidance versus the $0.24 on the first quarter. It sounds like youre expecting that to be sort of flattish Conway prices and then upside to Belvieu prices. Is that what youre thinking is going to drive it closer to the $0.32 for the year?
Terry Spencer: Thats what were thinking right now. Right, Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Yeah, thats right. We expect it to widen primarily on the Mont Belvieu side.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Just because of the demand side with the petchems you talked about?
Pierce Norton: Thats correct.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Got it.
Terry Spencer: Yeah, as we  as we  this is Terry. As we talk to these petrochemical customers, particularly about their business as they come out of the turnarounds, we expect to be at record volumes with many of these customers. So, I mean, with that outlook, well really see the opportunity for these spreads to go considerably higher for certain periods of time in the back half of the year. But of course, as we said and as Pierce indicated in the call, that $0.32 still appears to be a pretty good number.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Thats helpful. And then the last one for me is, at the OKE level, this  in participating in 50% of the equity there, Im just wondering if you can walk us through your thinking there, the use of free cash flow at OKE relative to, say, a bigger buyback, faster dividend growth. Is there a sort of price target you have on the OKS where youd say, boy, that looks too rich for OKE to participate? Or, just walk us through the thinking on the use of free cash flow.
Robert Martinovich: Hey, Ted, this is Rob. I guess trying to think of that beyond what weve said on the comments, but again, were  ultimately were targeting our capital structure at 50/50. And so, the options kind of excluding acquisitions are dividends, share repurchases and (inaudible).
John Gibson: (Inaudible).
Robert Martinovich: So, bottom line is, I mean, those  we continue to think of those as in a mix. And depending on the time that the opportunity is in front of us, such as a share repurchase, such as the increased dividend, such as the equity offering we had earlier in the year and our projection of growth, we look at those and consider can we do it, can we do more than one. And ultimately, our financial flexibility has allowed us to do that. So I guess I dont want to say theres not a set target, but ultimately were driven by our capital structure targets and the opportunities that we have in front of us.
John Gibson: Ted, I would add that we may have it wrong, but we dont perceive its prescriptive. And so we look at all these options and where the market is particular point in time and try to decide whats the best thing to do.
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Thanks. Good afternoon  good morning, guys. Quick question from me on the Bakken Crude Pipeline. Terry, I think you alluded to this or you briefly mentioned it, but are these  are you envisioning take or pay contracts when you talked about those 10-year contracts? Or is it a different type of structure, and how do you envision the mix if its the latter?
Terry Spencer: Yes, Michael, at the moment, thats where we are, primarily ship or pay structured contract.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Helen Ryoo with Barclays Capital.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Thanks. Good morning. I guess on OKS distribution outlook, I guess John mentioned that you still believe that you could grow OKS distribution by 15% to 20%, and that will be driven by volume, not price. So is it reasonable to assume that even if the NGL price environment stays relatively flat or even down a bit, that level of growth is achievable?
John Gibson: Yes, Helen, it is.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. All right, thats all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Becca Followill with US Capital Advisors.
Becca Followill  US Capital Advisors: Good morning. On your entering into the Crude Oil Transportation business, beyond the $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion that you talked about for the Bakken line, how big of a magnitude, or whats a magnitude of what you see as opportunities in this business?
John Gibson: Beyond the pipeline?
Becca Followill  US Capital Advisors: Yes.
John Gibson: Pierce, Ill let you answer that.
Pierce Norton: Well, I think Id mentioned, Becca, in our comments that we have well over $2 billion of growth opportunities. Thats included of the entire mix. Its natural gas pipeline, its natural gas liquids, its gathering, processing and the crude oil business. We dont specifically talk about what those crude opportunities are out as a segment, but in total its above $2 billion.
John Gibson: But relative to gas and gas liquids, crude oil is smaller at this point in time.
Becca Followill  US Capital Advisors: Okay. Okay, thank you. And then just clarifying your guidance, I may have missed this, but I think you talked about 40% dividend growth 2012 to 2014 for OKE. Was the prior 50%?
Robert Martinovich: The prior was 50%, but that was from 2011 through 2014. And so what weve done, Becca, is that 2012 to 2014 is 40%, and then there was 18%, whatever the year-over-year change from 2011 to 2012 projected on, thats on top.
Becca Followill  US Capital Advisors: And that is in a commodity-neutral environment, correct?
Robert Martinovich: Thats  t heres a slight uptick in commodity prices, but its not a hockey stick by any means.
Becca Followill  US Capital Advisors: Can you tell us what commodity prices are assumed in those periods?
Robert Martinovich: No. We would go ahead and do that at our investor day in September when we lay out the full three-year financials.
Becca Followill  US Capital Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Two quick ones, if I could. Number one, when you think about the crude business, do you need to add management for that business?
John Gibson: Well, we  this is John. We are building that capability internally, plus we are using some industry experience that we have access to. But the plan is to build it internally.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Great. And then the second question is, as the industry across the board is building all this infrastructure, what kind of cost escalation are you folks seeing? Or is there any in terms of pipe or contractors, I mean, what kind of cost pressure is there?
Terry Spencer: Certainly, Yves, this is Terry, there is cost pressure. When I think about cost pressure, I put it in perspective of what we experienced back in that 2006 and 2009 timeframe when we were executing like Overland Pass and Arbuckle. The environment today is drastically different from that environment. We are seeing some cost escalation regionally, particularly as it relates to labor and materials as well, but not anything to the extent that we saw back in that timeframe. If you remember, Rex was under construction. Mid-Continent Express was under construction. Those are big inch pipelines and they were absorbing and taking up a lot of slack in the industry as it related to labor. So today, were in a lot better position. But we are seeing some pressure and thats factored into our numbers.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: How are you doing, guys? Obviously, youve got a very de-leveraged balance sheet right now. Its looking quite good. Have you changed your parameters on how you think on leverage? And I know youve got a lot of build to do and its probably going to creep up from here somewhat. But if you can just kind of talk about how you see leverage playing out for the next, say, 12 or 18 months?
Robert Martinovich: Sure, Ross. I think much like weve maybe talked before, and maybe the best thing to do is using the earlier example. In our previous build-out in 2006 to the 2009 period, the balance sheet was probably flexed up to 54% at that time in 2009. But once the projects were completed, we were back down to our 50/50. And thats really much the way that we think about it and also that we talk with our rating agencies about as far as our plans, and recently reviewed that with them on a go-forward basis. And so, theres a slight amount of flex, but at the same point we certainly plan at the end of the build to be back at our 50/50 capitalization target, as well as our debt-to-EBITDA targets.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Okay. And can you speak maybe a little bit more on the debt-to-EBITDA targets?
Robert Martinovich: Well, again, we just  as we stated that were targeted less than 4.0.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Okay. All right. Very good. Thank you.
Robert Martinovich: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Bernie Colson with Global Hunter.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter: Hi, everyone.
Robert Martinovich: Hi, Bernie.
John Gibson: Hi, Bernie.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter: Hi. I was just hoping you could provide us some commentary maybe about the Crude Oil Gathering business up in the Bakken and whether thats a business you care to develop.
John Gibson: Yeah, I can  Ill make a very brief comment and then turn it over to Pierce. The Crude Oil Gathering business is entirely different than the Crude Oil Transportation business that were getting into. We do not feel necessarily we have the competitive advantage to get into gathering.
Pierce Norton: I guess what Id add to that, Bernie, is that we see maybe some spurs coming off to centrally-located collection points. We can also strategically place our pipeline in that area to connect up to the existing gathering systems, which actually adds capacity for those gatherers up there currently. So its a win-win for everyone.
Bernie Colson  Global Hunter: Okay. Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Christine Cho with Barclays.
Christine Cho  Barclays: When the Bakken crude oil pipeline comes online in 2015, how long do you think it will take to get to this 200,000 barrels a day? Are you getting the sense its going to be phased in over some time period? Or does it pretty much come on all at once?
John Gibson: Well, I would say that its more than likely going to come on pretty strong, probably maybe not exactly at capacity, but very near there. And like Terry said, were looking at ship or pay type contracts. So everybody is aligned to get that pipeline as full as possible, as quick as possible.
Christine Cho  Barclays: Okay. And then you talk about crude oil production going to over 1 million barrels a day later this decade, and yet your pipeline is at 200,000 a day for now. I know its still early days, but when you decide how big youre going to size this pipeline after the open season and firming up commitments, how much room are you going to leave so that you can actually add additional capacity with pumps?
John Gibson: I think the best way to look at this is, is weve done a lot of study on the right size for this. So we think the 200,000 really fits the growth profile. And so if you look at the various sizes of pipeline, you can actually add a second line very economically that works for both us and our shareholders as far as a risk profile, and it doesnt disadvantage or increase the prices to our customers. So we would look at it more as a phased-in where you add multiple lines, and also gives you a lot of flexibility if you do that.
Christine Cho  Barclays: Okay. And the economics are better that way versus just adding it with pumps?
John Gibson: Yes. We think thats correct, although you will add pumps to add capacity.
Christine Cho  Barclays: Okay. Thats it from me.
Operator: Well go next to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: Hi, guys. I just want to follow up a little on Ross question about financing the expanding projects, growth projects at OKS. I understand you want to keep flexibility with free cash flow at OKE, but OKS itself is kicking out on the strong quarterly results on optimization, greater cash flow than was expected a couple of quarters ago. What are your thoughts about the need for future OKS equity funding, in light of the one you just did not long ago, and the fact that weve got all these announcements coming right and left with you guys, and you still say youve $1 billion backlog of unannounced projects?
Robert Martinovich: Ross, this is Rob. I guess with regards to  a couple of things, how we look at the  our CapEx spend. One, yeah, that we are having a fair announcement, but as with the timing on that Bakken crude line, thats going to be insignificant this year, really the bulk of that coming in 2014 from a spend standpoint. So as we place those capital investments on top of the  what weve already got, plus the Woodford Shale investment, we still come back to recognizing that the optimization margins are  that were currently realizing are not going to be sustainable, as weve said. And so we are using some of that cash flow to pre-fund our capital projects. We did have the equity project offering in March, a year ago in January we had $1.3 billion of debt. I think you all can figure out kind of what would be mixed in the tranche, but the key thing on that is the optimization margins and how we use that going on. And as weve said before, we typically do not  we dont signal when were coming next to market and what tranche, but weve got this obviously planned out. And we feel good with regards to supporting Terry and Pierces business on the existing projects, plus, as you heard Pierce say today, the $2 billion of unannounced projects.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: But its fair to say that you are very willing to, given the EBITDA thats going to hit when these things come on, to let those things stretch a little bit and obviously not lead with the equity offerings?
Robert Martinovich: When you mean to stretch, can you come back on that? I think I know what you want, but I just want to clarify that.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers: Well, so your  let your credit metrics stretch again the way they did before, before the most recent equity offering.
Terry Spencer: Oh yeah. Yeah. And when I was talking to Ross, Im sorry I wasnt clear on that, but thats exactly right. When I referenced that, 2006 to 2009 period, thats what we would do and thats what we have reviewed with the rating agencies. And so, again I think from our standpoint, obviously theres got to be a point that you come back, and thats what we clearly communicated and thats our expectations to get back to that 50/50, as well as those debt-EBITDA targets that weve laid out for ourselves.
Operator: Well take our next question from Louis Shamie with Zimmer Lucas.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
John Gibson: Hi, Louis.
Robert Martinovich: Good morning, Louis.
Pierce Norton: Hey, Louis.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: So, I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on one of the comments you made regarding the crude pipeline where you thought you could pick up some volumes from Niobrara, and it sounds like potentially the Mississippian Lime play. Can you talk a little bit more about that opportunity and how that might shape how the pipeline is ultimately developed, if you see strong demand for shippers out of those regions?
Terry Spencer: Sure, Louis. As youre probably aware, that Niobrara and that Mississippian Lime activities has been really phenomenal. Theres absolutely no doubt that were going to have the opportunity to move crude out of those areas. That crude happens to be a sweet, low sulfur. Its a little bit more sour, slightly more sour than Bakken crude, but still is going to fit very nicely within the design parameters of this pipeline and within our operating objectives. So  I mean, we really do believe that were going to have some supply from that area. However, it is possible that the Bakken absolutely satisfies all of the pipelines and fills all of the pipelines capacity and we may not necessarily have to move crude out of those areas.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: Would it make sense to do something like have a telescoping line or something like that where your capacity is greater as you get closer to Cushing, or  if theres material demand coming from both places?
Pierce Norton: Louis, thats  you could either telescope or you could loop the line. And if you loop the line, and I kind of alluded to this a few minutes ago, is that you get the flexibility to kind of bifurcate those qualities of crude. So, youve got both of those options available to you.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: Thats pretty interesting. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi with UBS.
Christopher Sighinolfi  UBS: Hey, good morning, guys.
John Gibson: Good morning.
Christopher Sighinolfi  UBS: Rob, just a quick question and I wanted to follow-up on Beccas question about the dividend. Is that predicated on the same sort of previously-stated payout ratios you guys had outlined?
Robert Martinovich: It is, sure is.
Christopher Sighinolfi  UBS: Okay. And then, given the notion that sort of in a roughly priced neutral environment, most of the growth is sort of throughput-driven, we see whats going on at the producer level. Given that the peer  some of your peers are sort of ever sort of increasing, I guess, inching up on their payouts, is there any appetite to maybe move beyond sort of that 70% threshold? Or are you guys pretty comfortable with the range?
Robert Martinovich: Yeah, we took a hard look at that late last year. And certainly, its an inexact science, but at the end of the day, looking at peers, and we felt that, that 60% to 70% was good. What we needed to do, quite frankly, or maybe even, you would say, target more of that upper half of the range, that 65% to 70%, but what we needed to do was to execute on that. And that was certainly one of the driving factors for the increase in dividend that we came out with in January, upping from $0.04 that we had guided in September, to the $0.05. So, were trying to be mindful of that and get a little bit of history on that. The clarification that I would like to add, that I mentioned with regards, weve got slightly escalating commodity prices. But on the flip side on that, as weve talked about in these calls before, weve got our spreads going down as well between Mont Belvieu  or Conway and Mont Belvieu. So thats, youve got a little bit of an offset to that as well when you look at the total commodity environment.
Christopher Sighinolfi  UBS: Sure, okay. Appreciate the color, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mark Reichman with Simmons.
Mark Reichman  Simmons: Just a quick question on the Bakken Express. Im assuming that $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion is just for the 200,000 barrels per day of capacity. And if you get increased interest, you mentioned the possibility of looping the line, which I appreciate would give you added flexibility. But would it be a substantial bump up in cost just to go to a larger diameter pipeline? Or, how do you think about that?
Pierce Norton: Actually, it is. I mean, if you look at the numbers, when you go up into the 30 to 36-inch range, youre in kind of a totally different element when it comes to cost. Because of the weight that youre handling, its just a different construction method. So its significantly more costly when you get to 30, 36 as opposed to the 20, 24-inch range.
Mark Reichman  Simmons: So your preference is to loop it?
Pierce Norton: Yes.
Mark Reichman  Simmons: Okay. Great. Thanks.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. This ends our conference call. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on July 31, followed by our conference call at 11:00 a.m. Eastern, 10:00 a.m. Central on August 1. Well provide additional details on the conference call at a later date. Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That concludes todays conference.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - VP, IR and Public Affairs John Gibson - Chairman & CEO Rob Martinovich - CFO Pierce Norton - COO Terry Spencer - President
Analysts: Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley John Edwards - Morgan Keegan Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital Selman Akyol - Stifel Nicolaus Michael Blum - Wells Fargo James Jampel - HITE Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to todays Fourth Quarter 2011 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Call. Please note todays conference is being recorded. Ill now turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Harrison. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Harrison: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Just a reminder that statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now, John Gibson, Chairman and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, and many thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued investment and interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me this morning are Rob Martinovich, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review our quarterly results and updated earnings guidance; Pierce Norton, our Chief Operating Officer, who will review the operating performance of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; and Terry Spencer, our President, who will review current market conditions, including our outlook on supply and demand for NGL, and the implications of lower commodity prices, followed by a status report on the ONEOK Partners growth projects. On this mornings conference call, I will briefly review our fourth quarter and year-end 2011 results, provide some perspective on our revised 2012 guidance, and conclude with some comments about our current and future growth. Lets start with ONEOK Partners fourth quarter and year-end performance. Both the year and the quarter were exceptional. Results were driven by wider NGL differentials, as well as higher volumes in our natural gas liquids, and our natural gas gathering and processing segments. Our growth projects are on time, and on budget, and we continue to increase volume commitments for these projects. Our Garden Creek natural gas processing plant in the Williston Basin is operational, allowing producers the ability to capture additional value, while reducing the amount of flaring occurring in the Bakken shale. Our natural gas distribution segment performed well in the quarter and for the full year. Net margins were essentially flat with operating income affected primarily by higher share-based compensation costs. You will recall that we award all full time employees with one share of stock each time the closing price reaches a new $1 high. In 2011, we awarded 31 shares of stock at a cost of $16 million. Since the natural gas distribution segment has largest number of employees, and the allocations of this cost are on a per employee basis, it incurred a large portion of that expense. We believe it is a small price to pay for outstanding share price appreciation in 2011. Our energy services segment continues to struggle as a result of challenging market conditions, narrow seasonal and location differentials, low natural gas prices and volatility, moderate weather conditions, and an oversupply of natural gas. While we have lowered our expectations for this business in 2012, we continue to reduce our leased storage and transportation capacity, and operating cost, but the fact remains its a very challenging market. We also updated our 2012 financial guidance, increasing our earnings expectation at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and raising our dividend and distribution growth forecasts for the year. Rob will provide more detail in a few minutes. Our updated 2012 ONEOK Partners guidance includes higher natural gas liquids operating income than we originally forecast, $528 million today versus last fall of 2012 forecast of $395 million, but lower than the segments 2011 actual results. Our updated NGL segment guidance is the result of an expected increase in ethane differentials between the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast, compared with what we assumed in our original 2012 guidance. However, we expect lower NGL optimization margins in 2012, as we continue to convert some capacity to firm fee-based contracts. In 2012, lower expected commodity prices will also impact the partnerships natural gathering and processing segment. We expect 2012 GMP segment results to be higher than 2011, but lower than we originally forecast last fall. Rob will now review ONEOKs financial highlights, and then Perez will review ONEOKs operating performance. Rob?
Rob Martinovich: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. ONEOKs fourth quarter net income increased by 38% compared with the same period last year, driven by the strong performance of ONEOK Partners. For 2011, net income increased 8% versus 2010. Results in the distribution segment were lower due to higher employee related cost, while energy services had reduced results, due primarily to lower storage, marketing, and transportation margins, resulting from narrower seasonal spreads and natural gas price location differentials. ONEOKs 2011, standalone cash flow, before changes in working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $213.7 million. In 2011, ONEOK received approximately $333 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 10% increase over 2010. ONEOKs income taxes on the distributions from the ONEOK Partners LP units they own or deferred contributing to ONEOKs strong cash flow. We also updated guidance for ONEOK in 2012. Net income is expected to be in the range of $360 million to $410 million, compared with its previous range of $355 million to $400 million. The updated guidance reflects higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOKs Partner segment, offset partially by lower expected earnings in the energy services segment. In January, ONEOK completed $700 million public offering of 4.5% senior notes due 2022. We used the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under our $1.2 billion commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes, providing additional capacity for various options, which may include repurchasing ONEOK common stock under our previously approved share repurchase program, purchase of additional common units of ONEOK Partners, and/or the payment of dividends to shareholders. Also in January, we declared a dividend for the fourth quarter of $0.61 per share, a 17% increase since January 2011. Since January 2006, the company has increased the dividend 13 times representing 118% increase during that period. Subject to Board approval, we also expect to increase the dividend $0.05 per share in July compared with our expectation last September of $0.04 per share. This increase is consistent with our goal to grow the dividend by 50% by 2014. ONEOKs liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the fourth quarter, on a standalone basis, we had $842 million of commercial paper outstanding, $30.9 million of cash and cash equivalents; $347.7 million of natural gas and storage, $356 million available under our new credit facility, and our total debt-to-capitalization ratio was 45%. ONEOK significant cash flow and outstanding liquidity position continue to give us incredible financial flexibility. Now Pierce will update you on ONEOKs operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thanks Rob, and good morning everyone. Lets start with our natural gas distribution segment. Fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings were lower compared with the same period last year, because of higher operating cost, primarily the share-based compensation cost discussed on previous conference call. This segments portion of the 31 shares of stock awarded to employees in 2011 was $10 million. 2012 operating income guidance been updated to $223 million, reflecting the recent sale of the retail natural gas marketing business that has now accounted for as discontinued operations. Now a brief regulatory update. In Kansas, the Kansas Corporation Commission approved our application to increase the Gas System Reliability Surcharge by an additional $2.9 million effective January 2012. This capital recovery mechanism allows us to recover and to earn a return on safety-related and government mandated capital investments made between rate cases. Kansas Gas Service plans to file a rate case in mid 2012; its first since 2006. As part of that rate case, we are exploring rate design options that reduce our volumetric sensitivity. Oklahoma Natural Gas will make its annual performance base rates filing on or before March the 1st. We expect to request a modest increase in rates to recognize our investment in rate base and increases in operating cost. We continue our efforts to grow our rate base by investing in projects that provide benefits to our customers and our shareholders. In 2011, the distribution segment invested approximately $243 million of capital, including $25 million in automated meter reading devices. In 2012, we planned to invest approximately $270 million of capital, as in the past; this includes pipeline integrity projects, pipeline replacement, extending services to new areas, automated meter reading devices, and increasing the systems delivery capability. Now lets turn to energy services. The lower earnings result reflects lower storage and marketing margins, due primarily to lower realized seasonal storage price differentials, and lower transportation margins, due primarily to narrower realized price location differentials, and lower hedge settlements in 2011. Full year 2011 operating income was $24 million. Location differentials are essentially non-existent between several market delivery points. Seasonal differentials remained narrow for 2012, with little or no price volatility, but have improved somewhat for 2013. Weve reduced energy services 2012 operating income guidance to zero as this segment will continue to face extraordinarily challenging market conditions, because of the increase in transportation pipeline capacity in recent years, and an oversupply of natural gas from shale play. We continue to access how much transportation and storage capacity we need to service our premium customers, and look for opportunities to renegotiate transportation and storage rate. By the end of this year, more than 20% of our leased storage capacity and 15% of our leased transportation capacity will be up for renewal. And by 2015, more than 90% of the storage capacity and 75% of the transport capacity will be up for renewal, providing an opportunity to either renew them at lower market rates or cancel the leases. These explorations also give us additional opportunities to realign our capacity with customers needs and rebase our cost structure. We now expect to reduce our target leased storage capacity from 65 Bcf at the end of 2012 to 60 Bcf at 2015, and our leased transportation capacity from 1 Bcf per day at the end of 2012 down to 0.8 Bcf per day by 2015. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Now Ill ask Rob to review ONEOK Partners financial performance and then we will go back to Pierce to review the operating results. Thank you.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks, John. In the fourth quarter, ONEOK Partners net income more than doubled compared with the fourth quarter of 2010. For 2011, net income increased 76% versus 2010. Distributable cash flow increased 89% compared with the fourth quarter last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 2.26 times. For 2011, distributable cash flow increased 61% compared with 2010, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.66 times. The higher earnings and resulting higher coverage ratio were primarily due to strong NGL optimization margins from wider NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu. Similar to the 2008 when commodity prices were record levels, we do not believe these wider NGL price differentials are sustainable long-term. In 2008, we utilized the incremental cash flow to finance a portion of our $2 billion capital investment program that was completed in 2009, and we finally utilized a portion of the incremental cash flow likewise in 2012, to help fund our current $3 billion capital growth program, reducing our debt and equity financing needs. At the same time, we are meaningfully increasing distributions to our unitholders. We increased the distribution 1.5 cents per unit for the fourth quarter and subject to Board approval expect to increase it another 2.5 cents per quarter in 2012, higher than the $0.02 per quarter increase we announced last September. With the strong performance of the NGL segment expected to continue in 2012, although at a lower level than we experienced in 2011, weve increased the partnerships 2012 earnings guidance by almost 10% to a range of $810 million to $870 million, compared with its previous range of $740 million to $800 million. We also estimate the partnerships 2012 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $925 million to $985 million, compared with its previous range of $845 million to $915 million. We updated our 2012 capital expenditure guidance to $2 billion to reflect our latest forecast. This breaks down to $1.9 billion in growth capital and $109 million in maintenance capital. We have hedges in place to lock-in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, where a portion of our margin is derived from the receipt of commodities. Our news release contains updated information on these hedges. Our 2012 natural gas hedges have increased to 73% from 42%, while our 2012 NGL hedges have increased to 72% from 43%. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets, and will place additional hedges as conditions warrant. At the end of the fourth quarter, the partnership had $35.1 million in cash and no commercial paper or other short-term borrowings, a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 53%, and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.9 times. Now Pierce will review the partnerships operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Rob. As John said the partnership had an exceptional fourth quarter. Operating income almost doubled compared with the same period last year, driven primarily by higher margins in the natural gas liquid segment from wider NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu, and increased fractionation and transportation capacity available for optimization activities. Earnings also increased as a result of higher isomerization margins in the NGL segment, and solid performance in the natural gas gathering and processing segment from higher natural gas volumes processed. While we benefited from these favorable NGL price differentials, and higher NGL and condensate prices, our base business continues to grow. In the fourth quarter, natural gas volumes processed increased, as did NGL volumes gathered, fractionated, and NGL purity projects -- products distributed. More on that in a moment. The natural gas gathering and processing segments fourth quarter financial results were higher due primarily to higher natural gas volumes processed, specifically in the Williston Basin and higher net realized NGL and condensate prices. We decreased this segments operating income guidance for 2012 to $247 million, compared with the $297 million we provided last September, to reflect lower commodity price assumptions. In 2012, we expect processed volumes to be up 24% and gathered volumes to be up 15%, both driven our investments in the Williston Basin, the new Garden Creek plant that went into service in December, and the Stateline I plant that we expect to be in service sometime in the third quarter of this year. The natural gas pipeline segments fourth quarter results were lower compared with the fourth quarter last year, due to lower transportation margins from narrow regional natural gas price differentials that decreased contracted capacity on Midwestern gas transmission and interruptible volumes across several of our pipelines. For 2011, equity earnings from Northern Border pipeline increased by 12% compared with 2010, as it maintained its position as a low cost provider in transporting Canadian source supply to markets in the Midwest. Northern Border is substantially contracted for long haul capacity through March 2013, and has been successful capturing three years or longer extensions, as current contracts expire. We decreased this segments 2012 operating income guidance to $135 million, reflecting a lower assumed natural gas price as it relates to our retained fuel position. Almost 90% of the contracted capacity on our wholly owned top-line serve endusers directly such as natural gas distribution companies and electric generators that need the natural gas to operate their businesses, regardless of regional price differentials. In spite of narrow price differential environment, this business due to the totally contracted capacity continues to generate stable earnings with 82% of our pipeline capacity and 100% of our storage capacity contracted under firm long-term contracts. Our natural gas liquid segment continued to benefit in 2011 from record wide NGL price differentials and having more fractionation and transportation capacity available for optimization activities. This segment also benefited from higher isomerization margins due to wider price differentials between normal butane and isobutane. Successful contract negotiations, associated with our exchange and storage services activities also helped earnings. We fractionated 10% more volumes during the fourth quarter 2011 compared with the same period last year, averaging 583,000 barrels per day, which includes volumes fractionated at the target facility from the fractionation services agreement that began during the second quarter in 2011. NGLs transported on our gathering lands were up 17% during the quarter compared with the same period last year, averaging 473,000 barrels per day during the quarter, as a result of increased volumes gathered on the Arbuckle Pipeline and in the Mid-Continent. Arbuckle Pipeline volumes are now reaching more than 200,000 barrels per day. Additional pump stations have been added as a part of the Arbuckle expansion that will increase capacity to 240,000 barrels per day in the early second quarter of 2012. We significantly increased our 2012 operating income guidance for this segment to reflect the wider NGL price differentials. For 2012, we have updated the Conway and Mont Belvieu ethane price differential to average $0.32 per gallon compared with $0.12 per gallon provided in September. While the current ethane price differential has softened to levels below $0.32 due to a number of short-term maintenance outages at U.S. Petrochemical plants, we anticipate ethane differentials will increase as the Petchems return to normal operations during the second quarter. Although we only provided expected Conway to Mont Belvieu differentials for ethane in our guidance, our opportunity to capture optimization margins is not solely based on the ethane differential. Our well positioned and vertically integrated assets can also benefit from Conway to Belvieu differentials, from the other NGL products such as propane and butane. Additionally, we are also expecting to utilize less capacity for optimization activities in 2012 compared with 2011, attracting some of the capacity under fee-based long-term agreements with customers. We have a planned maintenance turnaround at our Mont Belvieu fractionator MB I scheduled for May. During this turnaround, raw NGL volumes that were currently being fractionated at MB I either will be sent to other fractionators, and/or placed in storage. The cause of the events planning that goes into the turnaround, we expect this turnaround will not substantially affect our customers operations. John that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Now Terry will give you an update on ONEOK Partner and growth projects, which Im pleased to say theyre on time on budget and continue to attract additional supply commitments and discuss with you our view on current and longer-term market dynamics. Terry?
Terry Spencer: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. This morning I will discuss our outlook of the NGL markets and close with a status report on our growth projects. On the demand side, the petrochemical industry continues to find ways to consume more ethane, due to its strong price advantage versus oil base feedstocks. In the short-term, several petrochemical facilities are currently conducting maintenance turnarounds reducing the immediate need for ethane, which is primarily responsible for the current lower ethane prices in the Mont Belvieu market. We also understand that several of these petchems are in turnarounds to also increase their ethane cracking capability. In addition, the price weakness is exacerbated by the petchems that are down for maintenance, filling ethane into the market. The lower natural gas price environment also puts downward pressure on ethane prices. There has been some concern about the impact of lower natural gas prices on our businesses. On the supply side, rigs are continuing to move away from dry gas regions and producers are focusing specifically on crude oil and liquids rich plays such as the Bakken, Cana-Woodford, Woodford, Granite Wash, Niobrara, Mississippi and Lime, and the Eagle Ford Shale. Fortunately for us, our assets are well positioned in all but one of these areas. From what we have seen in drilling schedules, we have been provided; we do not expect any material impact on volumes that supply our plants or systems that serve these liquid rich regions. With oil prices showing little signs of pulling back, the weaker natural gas prices help to maintain or further widen the ethane to crude ratio improving the U.S. petrochems industries competitive position globally, and increasing demand for more NGL feedstock, which benefits our NGL business. Once these planned turnarounds are completed in the next few months, demand from the petchems for ethane and the price of ethane should strengthen particularly in Mont Belvieu. Some experts are projecting ethane demand will reach new record highs later this year and will continue to grow over the long-term, especially with the announcements of petrochemical plant restarts, expansions, and development of new world class petrochemical plants. As a consequence, we expect NGL fractionation capacity to remain tight, but gradually become more available as new fractionators come online over the next few years. As NGL growth continues at a rapid pace, we believe that over the next couple of years there will be some period oversupplies of ethane as new NGL infrastructure brings additional NGLs to market. As we approach, and move through the 2015 and 2017 timeframe, we believe supply and demand will remain relatively balanced, as new petrochemical plants and expansions come online. Now an update on our projects. First, our Bakken projects are expected to resolve some of the challenges producers are facing in the Williston Basin, in particular, the flaring of NGL rich natural gas. Our first of three new processing plants in the Bakken; Garden Creek was completed in late December. The Stateline I plant is expected to be in service in the third quarter of this year with completion of the Stateline II plant following in the first half of 2013. The Stateline natural gas processing plant projects remain on schedule and on budget. Oil production in the Bakken continues to grow rapidly, and oil transportation infrastructure continues to be developed to meet producer needs, thus allowing the current pace of drillings to continue. As you all are aware, drilling economics in the Bakken are primarily driven by crude oil prices and not significantly impacted by the current lower natural gas price environment. The 500-plus-mile 60,000 barrel per day Bakken NGL pipeline, along with the expansions of the Bushton fractionator and Overland Pass Pipeline are either on schedule or ahead of schedule and on budget. We have acquired more than 85% of the right away needed for the Bakken NGL pipeline. Engineering and design continues to move along and steel pipe and many of the required materials have been purchased. Of special note, the Bushton fractionator expansion is now ahead of our original schedule, and is expected to be completed sometime in the fourth quarter of 2012, compared with our original plan to complete it in the first half of 2013. Lets turn to our Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast projects. The expansion of our Mid-Continent to Mont Belvieu NGL distribution pipeline Sterling I is done, adding 15000 barrels per day of additional capacity to ship purity NGL products south to Mont Belvieu. The construction of 230 miles of NGL gathering pipelines in the Cana-Woodford and Granite Wash is on schedule with completion expected early in the second quarter of 2012 bringing 75,000 to 80,000 barrels per day of raw NGL through our existing system in the Mid-Continent and the Arbuckle Pipeline. The expansion of Arbuckle to 240,000 barrels per day from 180,000 barrels per day by installing additional pump stations is well underway with incremental barrels already being transported, as Pierce noted, and we expect all the pump stations to be completed and in service also in the second quarter of 2012. The 570-mile Sterling III pipeline in the 75,000 barrel per day MB II fractionator are progressing as planned. We have increased our supply commitments for both projects with approximately 75% committed on the 193,000 barrels per day Sterling III, thats the level of supply commitment we target for this project to achieve its required returns. All the capacity is committed on our 75,000 barrel per day MB II fractionator. Our commercial team has done a terrific job securing these supply commitments well before these assets go into service in 2013. We continue to develop and evaluate a lengthy backlog of natural gas and NGL related infrastructure projects, including investments in processing plants and NGL fractionation and storage facilities. This backlog totals more than $1 billion and its growing. Some of these investments will create additional redundancy and reliability and approve our connectivity to our petchem customers, while others will provide the critical infrastructure that producers and processors need to get their products to market. As weve done in the past, we will announce the projects, when we have sufficient producer and/or customer commitment to make them economically viable. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, Id like to provide you with some context on our 2011 results, our updated 2012 guidance, and our future growth. While Terry has provided you with a detailed rundown of our $3 billion in growth projects, its important to keep in perspective these current projects, and the $2 billion of projects we completed in 2009. While there has been a lot of current detention on the widening NGL differentials between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast, short-term ethane price softness, and declining natural gas prices, lets not lose sight of the fact that the assets weve built and are building, increase our ability to add volumes to our system, both natural gas and natural gas liquids, and to collect a fee to gather process, fractionate, store, and transport these commodities for producers, processors and customers. These services provide us and our customers and investors with sustainable long-term value regardless of short-term moves and differentials in prices. It's the incremental earnings from these projects, now in service and now being built that give us the ability to grow our earnings at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners by an average of approximately 20% per year for the next three years, to increase distributions to ONEOK Partner unitholders this year and beyond and to increase the ONEOK dividend 50% by 2014. While internal growth may not be as exciting or as headline grabbing as an acquisition, internal growth project opportunities provide our investors with far better returns than if we were to buy earnings at today's prices. And we're not done. As youve just heard, our internal growth backlog is in excess of $1 billion and growing, providing us with more earnings growth potential. In closing, I would like to again thank our employees who work safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day to operate our assets, creating exceptional value for our investors and customers. We never forget that our success as a company depends on the efforts of all of our employees, and I along with the rest of our management team appreciate their efforts. Olive, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Stephen Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for the details and colors always. First question, Terry, you mentioned maybe it wasnt Terry, the frac going down for maintenance in the second quarter and diverting the volumes to another facility, is there a capacity in other facilities to send these volumes to? And then the subset of that, are you hearing that there is another -- we are hearing that there is another fractionation facility that maybe down for maintenance as well?
John Gibson: Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Steven, this is Pierce. The way I would answer that is that our customers have access to other's fracs, as well as storage. So, don't think there is going to be any material impact on that. The short answer to your question is yes, they can divert to other storage, they can divert to other fracs, and we can also put it on our own storage, plus put it in our own fracs up in the mid-continent. 
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And you heard -- are you aware of any other facility having to go down for maintenance?
Pierce Norton: There are some others that are going down, I think one others, but again, we think that will be staggered. Ours is going to be in May. We do have a partial owner Bushton fractionator, but all that means is that we can still process approximately a half through that facility while its down, but they wont be down at the same time.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. On the differential, how much impact will possibly the Kinder line, the EP mix that -- the co-gen line starts on April 1 from Conway to Sarnia? Is that factored in at all to kind of your $0.32 estimate of a spread for this year, do you think it has a material impact on the supply in Conway?
Pierce Norton: We really don't. We are aware of it, but we did our analysis, we really did view it is having a significant impact, I mean the big driver is going to continue to be the strong supply build and then of course, the strong demand that we are seeing at Bellevue and of course in the short-term we are of course being impacted by these petchem turnarounds.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Pierce Norton: Really, in our view, the spread no, not a significant impact.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Final question for me, I mean, what do you think is an estimate of the possible over supply in Conway in terms of -- I dont know, how you would think about in terms of number of barrels or when it gets alleviated, is it through once drilling three comes online that you think you see the material normalization of it?
Pierce Norton: To give you a specific number on the supply of Conway, we would probably not -- would not be accurate, I couldnt give you a specific number, what I can tell you is the capacity, the frac capacity that we are filling, the capacity thats being built is about a half a million barrels a day. So that in all of that capacity will be filled and all of that product will flow through pipelines, some of which will come from Conway, some of which will come from West Texas to fill that capacity, so that will give you kind of a bracket of -- if you dont try narrow it down to Conway, that will give you a sense of what you might see, okay? So that answers your question?
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Yeah.
Pierce Norton: Or at least be a sense of the order of magnitude, the barrels we were talking about?
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, absolutely. And then I guess final one, with all those coming in the Gulf Coast, I mean do you see the needs for more frac above and beyond what's out there announced from you guys and others and other issues to building more frac right now whether we've heard some issues about being harder to get permits nowadays? And thats it for me.
Terry Spencer: Yeah, we absolutely do see the need for more frac capacity, be premature for me to tell you what that estimate is, but its pretty significant. We think there will be more, I mean we have the possibility and we've indicated this, the possibility of announcing a project of our own and there have been there -- we are hearing that others that may come down the pipe. But certainly, there is room for more and there is going to be a need for more frac capacity and its going to be primarily at Belvieu.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Edwards of Morgan Keegan.
John Edwards - Morgan Keegan: Just one macro question. You were talking about the supply demand balance being roughly in balance 2015 to 2017, so just, if you have any thoughts about when you think to start to see oversupply maybe how much. And thoughts you could share in that regard?
Terry Spencer: Sure, as I indicated in my comments, we will see over the course of 2012 and 2013, we will see periods of time albeit short periods of time we will have some oversupply of ethane, and we may have periods as well see coming out these turnarounds and might see some undersupply. But as we move into that, as Ive indicated in that 2015 to 2017 timeframe, we said the markets will be balanced, but I think there will be a bias to be somewhat undersupplied during that time period as these new petrochemical plans come online. Does that help you?
John Edwards - Morgan Keegan: Yeah, so I guess sounds like then you think it will be a little bit oversupplied in 2014?
Terry Spencer: Yeah, we dont think it will be a major -- actually as you move in 2014 timeframe, it will be fairly balanced, okay, but it will be 2012 and 2013 that we think there will be as Ive indicated, there will be periods were oversupplied, but not really significantly and for not in extended duration.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning everybody, nice results. I guess, Ive got a question more looking perhaps at new areas and one of the things that as we've certainly been seeing all the activity for instance in Canada obviously a couple of big purchases with the BP assets and then Provident. But the conversation kind of going on up there as far as whether or not, over the next five years, for instance, the province of Alberta does that get to be short liquids. A few years ago you guys had a possible project that would I guess compete against Southern Lights as far as bringing liquids up to Canada, do you see anything like that kind of percolating back up by chance?
Terry Spencer: Carl, Im trying to recall specifically a project where we were competing with Southern Lights. I know our North system that comes out of Conway and services the Midwest was actually a supply, a supplier supply point on Southern Lights. So it actually worked with enhancing that project. I think to answer your question as far as investments in Canada or other investments like that certainly were going to be very interested in participating in those kinds of projects, either acquiring assets or building assets. Canada is one that well its a target rich environment and there is lot of activity, its fertile ground. Its an area quite frankly were not familiar with doing business there. So we would have -- we would be apprehensive a bit to, and to your point as it relates to BP assets, Provident assets in Canada, we would be very cautious moving into Canada.
John Gibson: Carl, Terry, I remember the project Carl was talking about and that was during that timeframe we were looking at whether or not possibly taking our liquids or not our liquids, making access available for our process just to take the liquids north to Canada or south all the way to Belvieu. We were looking at an alternative and I think the company came to the view that we could provide more value to the producers in the Bakken in particular, by providing them access to Mont Belvieu, as opposed to the Canadian markets where they dont pay as much for the liquids.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Thats very helpful and its been the future we see you guys sort of potentially extending then east to Utica, I guess it would be the same sort of access to the Mid-Continent and Mont Belvieu that would primarily be the most benefit there?
John Gibson: Yeah I think -- that is what.
Terry Spencer: Absolutely, process is was as access to Belvieu Mid-Continent and certainly that North System that I mentioned earlier that serves the Midwest and Chicago area would give us a stepping stone into that play and were certainly looking at that.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Great. And then one other question if I could on OKE on energy services. Kind of understanding what it is, but given how flat differentials are right now, both bases I mean as far as transportation and storage, Im understanding we have this midpoint roughly around the break-even. Are there any hedges to be aware of that are propping that up or are we basically basing out here do you think?
John Gibson: Did you say basing out or phasing out?
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Basing. B-a-s
John Gibson: Yeah, and I think b-a-s-i-n-g, basing, I would characterize it as that if you I mean Pierce and Pat McDonie have got a plan to reduce our capacity both transportation and storage under contract. I think, I know Pierce shared an information with you. So overtime, from a cost perspective those are going to change. The segment is just facing a really tough, tough market right now and we do have storage and transport cost that as weve indicated in previous calls we are obligated in an honor to pay.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks guys.
John Gibson: Yeah, Pierce.
Pierce Norton: Well the only thing Im looking at, the only thing Ill add to that Carl is that were about 52% hedged on storage for 2012 and about 27% on our transportation book their. So that might give you a little sound.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Yeah, and I guess maybe the question that I was ultimately trying to get to, are those hedges sort of significantly different than what sort of weve seen in the last six months or kind of market indications meaning that once those rule were not sort of stair stepping down further into adverse market conditions are we or where are we?
John Gibson: Well, I mean when you compare to the positions that were on in 2011, and we said this in past conference call a lot of this positions were put on several years ago. We hadnt had as much opportunity to go out into the 12 and 13 market and get those same positions. So they are somewhat less than what they have been in the past.
Dan Harrison: If you could limit your questions to one so that we can get everyone in that would be helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse.
John Gibson: Oh boy, did you here that, Yves?
Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse: I really appreciate the timing of that suggestion. So in good faith Ill honor that. Just from a big strategic overview, the fact that youve done so well in liquids. Is there a greater sense of urgency today to look for another leg to diversify the business away from liquids?
John Gibson: I dont think so. There is always in our organization a heightened sense of urgency to look for that next opportunity. So I dont want you to think that were sitting here focused just on gas and gas liquids. We, as weve said many times before, looking at other opportunities. But for us to get it back to clearly understanding what our competitive advantage is how well that could be integrated into our business, and whether or not by doing so those investments create long-term sustainable growth opportunities. So with that you dont see us -- were not going to be bouncing around like well, okay, now were going to get into this business or now were going to get into that business but I think its obviously fair to say we always have a high sense of urgency to look further opportunities and theyre out there.
Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse: Got it. So, the way I -- just a follow-up question to that one question rule. In all seriousness, you dramatically changed the -- your view on the spread between Conway and Mont Belvieu. Could -- did the market change that much or you just being ultraconservative when you came out with that initial guidance?
John Gibson: Well, thats a good question is the sub question to your original question. The couple of points, one is we presented that spread to our Board for approval in the 2012 plan in September. As we gathered information in the June, July, August timeframe, and try to look forward, we had capacity coming on in our buckle. We had a traditionally, a sense in our gut that buying falls off in the fourth quarter. We had just a number of events that cause us to believe and you could also throw in there an element of conservatism and that we did necessarily believe that the, we dont believe that these high spreads are sustainable over long-term. So we brought it back to where we thought it would average over the year. And then, as we moved into the winter, and we saw certain things occur it became obvious to us that those dynamics in the marketplace were going to result in $0.12 or $0.10 spread that it was going to be higher. And so we have subsequently gone back and readjusted not only that spread but also our view on gas prices and NGL prices. So its a matter of better knowledge with time and as the market gives you more transparency and deal with whats happening.  
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Louis Shamie with Zimmer Lucas 
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Just a quick question. I was wondering about your contract mix on the GNP side how that has changed. What percentage of your volumes were under key pole contract in the fourth quarter?
Pierce Norton:  Louis, this is Pierce. Key pole right now at the end of the three months of December 31, was about 6%, fee bases about 32% and the POP was about 62%. The same that it probably is worth noting there, we did have two contracts within our GNP segment one of them was a key pole contract that converted over to POP and the other was the contract that actually was a POP contract that converted to fee. So if you compare those three months ending December 31, thats on page six of our earnings release, to the year end numbers you will find a little bit of difference and thats what is causing some of that movement around as those two contracts.  
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Got it, so looking forward to 2012 whats the mix expected to be? 
Pierce Norton:  Yeah, we would expect to see relatively the same.  
Operator:  Thank you. Next we will hear from Helen Ryoo with Barclays Capital.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: My question is regarding your, I guess it is related to the spreads question that came up couple of times but just looking at your NGL operating income guidance. You are guiding $100 million down 2012 versus 2011, yet your spread assumption is about $0.04 higher 2012 versus 2011 and you did indicate that you will be losing -- I guess using reduced capacity for optimization. I just wanted to clarify that -- it seems like you are going to use quite a bit lower capacity for optimization since you have been what your guidance implies is that a fair assumption?
John Gibson:  Thats a fair assumption.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay. And it will add something you will continue to reduce going forward, going into 2013 and 2014?
Pierce Norton:  Yes, its what we refer to as converting that to fee based business.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay. And as far as the spread assumption in the outer years in your Analyst Day conference you did talk about I think $0.09 to $0.13 kind of spread. Do you still see that happening by 2013 - '14 that you will see a pretty big fall off year-over-year?
Pierce Norton: Yes, particularly given the comments, which Terry made earlier about supply and demand thats ethane in particular. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Selman Akyol with Stifel Nicolaus.
Selman Akyol - Stifel Nicolaus: Quick question as it related to your comments regarding the backlog, I cant believe you characterize some of the projects as being critical infrastructure and some of it is being redundancy. Can you talk about I guess, the difference in profitability between those two, and is there anymore color you can shed on the mix?
Terry Spencer: Yeah. In terms of profitability difference of those two, you will really dont, we really dont look at it that way. Many of these projects will create some redundancy. Okay, so to do an economic analysis on just the redundant feature of that project is not how we look at it. All these projects and the assets that they serve its all integrated, okay. And so, redundancy will come naturally on many of these assets i.e., like the Sterling three pipe line project, that we have been talking about, inherent in its operation provides a level of redundancy as we already have multiple pipelines that serve the gulf coast. So there is an example of that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Hi, good morning, just a quick one for me, just I guess following up on Louis' question, in the fourth quarter your NGL sales and condensate sales volumes were down slightly looking at fourth quarter 2011 versus 10. Does that relate to that slight shift in couple of those contracts or is that something else going on there with the GPM or GAS? Just trying to understand that?
John Gibson: Yes Michael, that is because of the shift from the key pole to the COP and the POP, the fee.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from James Jampel from HITE.
James Jampel - HITE:  Hi, thanks for taking the question. If we go out like a year from now, and we are looking and having a call, and we see -- I imagine we are going to see, three segments that booming OKS segment and LBC segment and continuing struggling energy services segment. If this imagined scenario a year from now, what would have to change out there for not to be having a similar conversation a year now, for you to be in different businesses or having done the transforming transaction?
John Gibson: Well, I cant tell whether your question is specifically addressed to energy services, or whether youre asking a question about whether or not there will be a fourth leg or different three legs, Im sorry, if you could clarify the question, Ill try to answer it.
James Jampel - HITE: Its really both. I mean there were discussions in the past about a transforming transaction and that seems to have faded in the wayside. So I mean, I guess Im of the view that there is tremendous value be unlocked the OKE level on before if were not having exactly the same discussion, a year from now than were having today?
John Gibson: Okay, well then give you a little bit color then. As it relates to transforming transaction, we obviously havent made one, but in my comments and Ive also talked about the fact that weve created more value for our shareholders and our unitholders by the now $5 billion worth of investments and infrastructure both in the gas and the gas liquids business. As I said we can create more value investing in those projects and we can going out and buying earnings at todays prices. So a transforming transaction which I have in the past compared to when we acquired the coke NGL assets, when we acquired the gathering and processing assets from Dynegy and Kinder Morgan. When we acquired the Bushton plant NGL storage with Kinder Morgan. Those when we look back, although they may not be significant in size, from a dollar perspective they were significant and they gave us the opportunity to then and invest more money as it relates building that infrastructure. So we, be clear, are not driven to do a transforming transaction so that we can go to the marketplace to say weve done one. We will continue to invest where we see opportunities to create more value as it relates to the future of ONEOK and what ONEOK might look like; its hard to argue with success. Weve been successful, we look at opportunities as I indicated to ease, we look for opportunities and other commodities where we think we can apply the same capabilities, we have, we also look as an organization as to where we can increase our capabilities, so that we can move into other market. Its all an iterative process that we apply all this -- all these techniques to. But I cant tell you, a year from now whether we will have another school. There has been years where energy services has made $230 million and gathering and processing barely broke-even. But our commitment is for long-term. So if weve this discussion a year from now, it will be heavily influenced by what we perceive to be reality between now and then. Did that help you, at all James?
James Jampel - HITE: Yes absolutely and so where the reality for energy services you think is a brighter one?
John Gibson: Yeah, as Pierce laid out in his comments, he has a plan for reducing transportation and storage capacity and were renegotiating those rates that are under contract reduces cost. And then we dont believe overtime that price volatility is gone forever. We dont believe overtime that basis differentials gone forever. And we dont believe overtime the seasonal spreads are gone forever.
James Jampel - HITE: Okay. Thank you.
John Gibson: Yes sir.
Operator: Thank you. We will move on to our next question in the queue from Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets
Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets: Just a quick one from me, can you talk a little bit about the thought process behind the increase in the distribution growth guidance for 2012, specifically is that increase tied to the strength that youre seeing in the NGL segment, and optimization. And then, if so, how do you think about balancing distribution growth versus retaining some of the excess cash flow from these activities in order to fund future growth? Thanks.
John Gibson: Well Rob can -- is probably the best person to take you through the logic.
Rob Martinovich: Good morning, Elvira. I think, as we looked at our guidance that we gave in September with the expected performance of the partnership at that point of time and then as we updated it, as Terry and Pierce talked about with updated commodity prices and spreads, it felt appropriate that that the distribution be increased. And its always a balance trying to target that coverage ratio that weve talked about before in the 105 to 115 but be prudent with regards to long-term trends and where we see the business performing. So we felt that it was appropriate adjustment to reflect the increase in the partnership and yet the same time be mindful that as the comments that have been made today that that long-term view on the optimization spread is not sustainable between Conway and Mont Belvieu and that we will be able to use that cash flow appropriately to partially fund our growth projects.
Elvira Scotto - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Dan Harrison: Okay, well thank you all for joining us. This concludes our call. Our quite period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on May 1, followed by our conference call at 11:00 a.m. Eastern, 10:00 a.m. Central on May 2. We will provide with details on that conference at a later date. Andrew Ziola and I are available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. And again, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dan Harrison  VP, IR and Public Affairs John Gibson  Chairman, President and CEO Robert Martinovich  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Terry Spencer  COO, ONEOK Partners Pierce Norton  COO
Analysts:  Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs John Tysseland  Citi Craig Shere  Tuohy Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital S. Payne  Wells Fargo H. Helm, III  Barrow Hanley Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, Ill now turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Harrison. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Harrison: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Any statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Chairman, President and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thank you, Dan. Good morning. Many thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on the call this morning are Rob Martinovich, ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Chief Financial Officer, who will review our quarterly results and updated earnings guidance; Terry Spencer, ONEOK Partners Chief Operating Officer, who will review the partnerships operating results and update you on growth projects; and Pierce Norton, ONEOKs Chief Operating Officer, who will review the operating performance of ONEOKs other two segments, Natural Gas Distribution and Energy Services. On this mornings conference call, Ill briefly review our third quarter financial results and revised guidance, discuss the acquisition market, and conclude with some perspective on how we intend to use the free cash that ONEOK generates. Lets start with our third quarter financial performance at ONEOK Partners, which was exceptional. Our natural gas liquids business continues to benefit from historically wide NGL price differentials and our having more fractionation and transportation capacity available to use for optimization activities. This continued strong performance in our NGL optimization business has led us to increase our 2011 guidance at ONEOK Partners and ONEOK. While our uniquely well-positioned NGL assets enable us to capture these wide differentials, other factors contributed to the partnerships strong third quarter performance. Higher NGL and condensate prices, higher NGL volumes gathered and fractionated, and higher natural gas volumes processed, particularly in the Williston Basin where were investing billions of dollars in new plans and infrastructure, all played a part in the partnerships strong third quarter performance. The growth in our base business as evidenced by volume growth is important, since we do not believe that these wide NGL differentials are sustainable over the long term, as new pipelines, such as our Sterling III NGL line, and other factors will eventually alleviate these transportation constraints resulting in narrow differentials. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment again performed as expected, essentially unchanged on a year-over-year basis and down slightly for the nine-month period, primarily because of the higher share-based costs we highlighted last quarter. Our Energy Services segment continues to face a challenging market environment, again, experiencing the impact of low natural gas prices and low volatility, which has narrowed location differentials and seasonal storage spreads. Our ability to achieve our year-end guidance in this segment depends on what happens in the natural gas markets during the next two months, and Pierce will discuss this issue in more detail a bit later. Now, Rob will review ONEOK Partners financial highlights, and then Terry will review the partnerships operating performance. Rob?
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, ONEOK Partners reported a 48% year-over-year increase in net income. For the first nine months of 2011, net income increased 61% versus the same period in 2010. Distributable cash flow increased 50% compared with the third quarter last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.62 times. For the first nine months of 2011, distributable cash flow increased 50% compared with the same period last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.46 times. The higher earnings and resulting higher coverage ratio were primarily due to strong NGL optimization margins from wider NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu. Similar to 2008, when commodity prices were at record levels resulting in the coverage ratio of 1.45 times, we do not believe these current wide NGL price differentials are sustainable long term. In 2008, we utilized the incremental distributable cash flow to finance a portion of our $2 billion capital investment program that was completed in 2009, and we plan to utilize the incremental distributable cash flow likewise in 2011 to help fund our current $3 billion capital growth program. We increased the distribution $0.01 per unit for the third quarter, and subject to board approval, expect to increase it another $0.01 for the fourth quarter. The third quarter increase marked the 20th increase since ONEOK became sole general partner five years ago, a 49% increase. With the strong performance in the NGL segment, weve increased the partnerships 2011 earnings guidance to a range of $740 million to $770 million, compared with its previous range of $630 million to $660 million. We also estimated the partnerships 2011 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $850 million to $880 million, compared with its previous range of $735 million to $765 million. We updated our 2011 capital expenditure guidance to $1.2 billion to reflect our latest forecast. This breaks down to $1.1 billion in growth capital and $97 million in maintenance capital. We have hedges in place to lock-in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, which is the most sensitive to commodity price changes. Our news release contains information on these hedges. At the end of the third quarter, the partnership had $128 million in cash, and no commercial paper or other short-term borrowings, a debt-to-capital ratio of 54% and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.4%. Finally, we still do not anticipate any additional financing this year. However, we will continue to monitor the capital markets and be prepared to take advantage of any opportunities. Now, Terry will review the partnerships operating performance.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everybody. This morning Ill discuss our outstanding operating performance and updated 2011 guidance, briefly review our NGL market outlook, and close with the status report on our growth projects. The partnership had an exceptional third quarter. Operating income increased by more than 50%, driven primarily by higher margins in the natural gas liquids segment from wider NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu, and increased fractionation and transportation capacity available for optimization activities. Earnings also increased as a result of contract renegotiations for some of our NGL exchange services activities and higher isomerization margins in our NGL business, as well as higher NGL and condensate prices in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Even though the business continues to benefit from these favorable price differentials and higher commodity prices, our base business continues to grow. In the quarter, natural gas volumes processed increased, as did NGL volumes gathered and fractionated. More on that in a moment. The natural gas gathering and processing segments third quarter financial results were higher than the same period in 2010 due primarily to higher net realized NGL and condensate prices and higher natural gas volumes processed, specifically in the Williston Basin. We decreased slightly the segments operating income guidance for 2011 reflecting higher operating costs, offset partially by higher earnings from our equity investments. We still expect processed volumes to be up 3% over last year and gathered volumes to be down 4% compared with last year. These revised estimates reflect adjustments in drilling schedules by a Western Oklahoma producer, weather-related outages that occurred in the first quarter of this year, and continued declines in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, offset by volume growth in the Williston Basin and Cana-Woodford. The Powder River volumes represent approximately 12% of our total gathered volumes, but account for less than 4% of our gathering and processing segments net margin. The natural gas pipeline segments third quarter results were lower compared with the third quarter last year due to lower transportation margins from narrower regional natural gas price differentials that decreased contracted capacity on Midwestern gas transmission and interruptible volumes across our pipelines. Northern Borders earnings were slightly lower due to selling a portion of this capacity at lower annual maximum rates compared with higher premium seasonal rates in the same period last year. Most, if not all, of Northern Borders capacity is contracted through October 2012. Equity earnings for the first nine months of this year are up 17%. We revised this segments 2011 operating income guidance to reflect higher operating cost and narrower natural gas price location differentials that have reduced the demand for contracted capacity on Midwestern and for interruptible transportation services on the balance of our transmission pipelines. However, as we said before, almost 90% of the contracted capacity on our wholly-owned pipes serves end users directly, such as natural gas distribution companies and electric generators that need the natural gas to operate their businesses regardless of regional price differentials. We do expect higher earnings from our 50% interest in Northern Border Pipeline due primarily to its continued low cost structure and market connectivity. In spite of the narrow price differentials environment, this business, due to its highly contracted capacity, continues to generate stable earnings. Approximately 80% of our own pipeline capacity and 100% of our storage capacity are contracted under firm long-term contracts. Our natural gas liquids segment continues to benefit from record high NGL price differentials, and having more fractionation and transportation capacity available for optimization activities. This segment also benefited from successful contract renegotiations associated with our exchange services activities and higher isomerization margins from wider price spreads between normal butane and iso-butane also helped earnings. We fractionated 6% more volume during the quarter compared with the same period last year, averaging 529,000 barrels per day, which includes volumes fractionated at the target facility from the fractionation services agreement that began during the second quarter. We expect fractionation capacity to remain tight, but gradually become more available as new fractionators come online over the next few years. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were up 15% during the quarter compared with the same period last year after adjusting for the sale of the 49% interest in Overland Pass Pipeline that occurred in September last year, averaging 443,000 barrels per day during the quarter as a result of increased volumes gathered on the Arbuckle Pipeline and in the Mid-Continent. Arbuckle Pipeline volumes increased to more than 160,000 barrels per day versus current capacity of 180,000 barrels per day. Arbuckle capacity will increase to 240,000 barrels per day in the first half of 2012 to accommodate the continued need to serve Mid-Continent NGL producers via our major NGL gathering system expansion, where more than 230 miles of new pipelines are currently under construction in the Granite Wash and Cana-Woodford shale play. We increased our operating income guidance for this segment again to reflect wider NGL price differentials. For the fourth quarter 2011, we have assumed an average of $0.41 per gallon for the Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane price differential. As we disclosed during our investor conference in September, we are assuming an average $0.12 per gallon Conway to Belvieu ethane price differential in 2012. While this average may appear conservative, our experience tells us that the current wide differentials we are experiencing today may not be sustainable for a number of reasons. Our previously mentioned Arbuckle Pipeline capacity expansion will bring more new capacity to the Mont Belvieu market. Customers in Conway may seek short-term solutions, such as rail or other transportation alternatives until additional new transportation capacity. Our Sterling III line, for instance, comes online in 2013. Potential ethane rejection in the Mid-Continent due to weak Conway pricing could reduce ethane supplies to Conway. Petchems may switch from ethane to other NGL feedstocks, such as propane, reducing ethane demand and narrowing differentials. Traditional late fourth quarter inventory management by petchems and others may result in reduced ethane demand. And finally, a softening of the currently strong ethylene economics could also reduce ethane demand. Now an update on our projects. The expansion of our Mid-Continent to Mont Belvieu NGL distribution pipeline by adding additional pump stations, referred to as Sterling I, is expected to be completed by the end of this month and will add 15,000 barrels per day of additional capacity to ship purity NGL products south to Mont Belvieu. The 570-mile Sterling III pipeline and the 75,000 barrel per day Mont Belvieu II fractionator are progressing as planned. We continue to secure supply commitments for both projects, with approximately two-thirds committed on Sterling III and two-thirds committing for Mont Belvieu II. We expect to have substantially all the available capacity committed well before these assets go into service in 2013. Now turning to our Bakken projects. We are investing almost $2 billion to build three new 100 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure, and the 500-plus-mile 60,000 barrel per day Bakken NGL pipeline along with the expansions of the Bushton fractionator and the Overland Pass Pipeline. These projects are expected to resolve some of the challenges producers are facing in the Williston Basin, in particular the flaring of NGL-rich natural gas. Our natural gas processing plants under construction remain on schedule and on budget. We expect our first new processing plant Garden Creek to be in service by the end of this year, and the Stateline I and II plants to be in service in 2012 and 2013, respectively. The Bakken NGL pipeline is also on time and on budget with engineering design and right of way acquisition moving ahead. We continue to develop and evaluate a lengthy backlog of natural gas and NGL-related infrastructure projects, including investments in natural gas pipelines and processing plants and NGL storage facilities. Now, that backlog totals more than $1 billion and its growing. Some of these investments will create additional redundancy and reliability, and improve our connectivity to our petchem customers, while others will provide the critical infrastructure that producers and processors need to get their products to market. As weve done in the past, we will announce the projects when we have sufficient producer and/or customer commitments to make them economically viable. We expect these projects will generate attractive returns incremental to our updated three-year outlook that we provided in September. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Rob will review ONEOKs financial performance, and then Pierce will follow up with ONEOKs operating performance. Rob?
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John. ONEOKs third quarter net income increased by 9%, driven by the strong performance at ONEOK Partners. Results in the distribution segment were relatively flat year-over-year, while energy services had lower results due primarily to lower transportation margins from narrower realized natural gas price location differentials. ONEOKs year-to-date 2011 standalone cash flow before changes in the working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $175.7 million. We expect to end the year in a range of approximately $210 million to $240 million, higher than the previous guidance range of $180 million to $210 million due primarily to revisions in depreciation estimates, including bonus depreciation following the filing of our 2010 tax returns. With the partnerships 2011 cash distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately $333 million in distributions this year, a 10% increase over 2010. ONEOKs income taxes on the distributions from the ONEOK Partners LP units it owns are deferred, contributing to ONEOKs strong cash flow. We also updated guidance for ONEOK in 2011. Net income is expected to be in the range of $345 million to $365 million, compared with its previous range of $325 million to $345 million. The updated guidance reflects higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment, offset partially by lower expected earnings in the distribution segment. In October we declared a dividend for the third quarter of $0.56 this year, a 17% increase since September 2010. ONEOKs liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the third quarter, on a standalone basis, we had $650 million of commercial paper outstanding, $20.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, $415.3 million of natural gas and storage, and $548 million available under our new credit facility. At the end of the third quarter, our standalone total debt to capitalization ratio was 43%. ONEOKs significant cash flow and excellent liquidity position continue to give us tremendous financial flexibility for acquisitions, dividend increases, purchasing additional ONEOK Partners units and share repurchases. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOKs operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Rob, and good morning. Lets start with our natural gas distribution segment. Third quarter 2011 earnings were relatively unchanged compared with the same period last year. Year-to-date results are lower because of higher operating costs, primarily the share-based compensation cost discussed on our previous conference calls amounting to approximately $10 million year-to-date. The distribution segments operating income guidance for 2011 has been updated $209 million primarily to reflect anticipated higher employee-related expenses. Now a brief regulatory update. In Kansas, we filed an application in September to increase the Gas System Reliability Surcharge by an additional $2.9 million and expect to receive a final order by the end of the year. The capital recovery mechanism allows for the recovery of and the ability to earn a return on incremental safety-related and government mandated capital investments made between rate cases. Also in Kansas, as discussed at our September Investor Meeting, we plan to file a rate case in mid-2012. We continue our efforts to grow our rate base by investing in projects that provide benefits for our customers and our shareholders. Through the third quarter this year, weve invested $177 million of capital compared with $146 million for the same period last year. The increase is due to the continued installation of automated meters, as well as continued investments for pipeline integrity and replacement projects. Finally, the United Steelworkers ratified a new five-year contract on October 29, which represents approximately 400 Kansas gas service employees. Now lets turn to energy services. This segments challenges continue. Our third quarter results were lower compared with the same quarter in 2010, primarily because of lower transportation margins, net of hedging due to narrow realized price location differentials, and lower hedge settlements in 2011. During the first nine months of 2010, we benefited from the transportation hedges we placed in 2008 and early 2009 when there was ample liquidity in the marketplace. Since then, liquidity and volatility have been extremely limited, and consequently, it has not been advantageous to place forward hedges. Were holding our 2011 operating income guidance at $42 million. As John mentioned, November and December will be critical months for this business to achieve its 2011 target. This segment continues to face extraordinarily challenging market conditions that are a result of the increase in transportation pipeline capacity in recent years and an oversupply of natural gas from the development of shale plays. This has resulted in significantly narrow location in season storage differentials from where theyve been in past years. We continue to assess how much transportation and storage capacity we need to service our premium service customers, and look for opportunities to renegotiate transportation and storage rates. By the end of 2012 more than 20% of our leased storage capacity and 15% of our leased transportation capacity will be up for renewal, and more than 90% of the storage capacity and 75% of the transport capacity by 2015, thereby providing an opportunity to renew these leases or renew at a lower rate. These explorations also give us additional opportunities to realign our capacity with customers needs, and more importantly, rebase our cost structure in the years ahead. We remain focused on adapting our strategy to meet these challenging market conditions. Finally, an update in our environmental safety and health efforts. The U.S. Senate recently passed pipeline safety legislation to strengthen safety and environmental protection for all in natural gas transportation. A similar measure is now in House Subcommittee. These bills will expand pipeline integrity management requirements to utilize additional measures to ensure the safety and reliability of the U.S. pipeline systems. ONEOKs 2012 capital expenditure budget includes replacement of pipe in the natural gas distribution segment that was identified using a risk-based approach as a part of our pipeline integrity program. Were also conducting extensive pipeline data reviews to verify the maximum allowable operating pressures for all of our regulated pipeline segments. All-in-all, many of the proposed revisions in the legislation make sense, and we continue our daily efforts to be responsible pipeline system operators focusing on both personnel and system safety. John, that concludes my comments.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Id like to make some final comments before we take your questions. The recent flurry of acquisition announcements has led to more questions to us about our appetite to acquire assets. The answer remains, were interested. As Ive said on several occasions, its our top priority for using our cash and balance sheet, either acquisitions that enable us to add a new platform for growth or ones that build on our existing lines of business. But the expectation for returns on any acquisition remain high, especially given our current slate of $3 billion plus announced projects and the $1 billion plus and growing backlog of unannounced growth projects that Terry just mentioned. All of those with very attractive returns, and certainly more attractive than some of the recently announced transactions. This means that while we remain interested in acquiring the right assets at the right price, we do not feel a heightened sense of urgency that other buyers might, since we dont need to make an acquisition to meet our very attractive three-year growth target. We also continue to get questions about our uses of the free cash generated at ONEOK, which is approximately $200 million a year during the next three years. Our priorities remain acquisitions, dividend increases, additional investments in ONEOK Partners, and share repurchases. But our uses of cash are not determined by a formula or some set priority. We see these as dynamic and depending upon both the market and the opportunities that exist. A case in point, in hindsight we would like to have completed our $300 million share repurchase earlier than we did this year, when our share price was, of course, lower. But at the time, we were involved in other opportunities that kept that repurchase from occurring earlier. Had those opportunities fallen into place, the share repurchase might have been smaller or even pushed back. We also continue to validate that we are paying out the right amount of recurring earnings in the form of dividends. You recall that a year ago we increased our targeted dividend payout to a range of 60% to 70% from a previous range of 50% to 55% that was first established in 2006. Also when ONEOK Partners has equity needs, ONEOK evaluates investing in additional units versus other alternatives. ONEOK participated in 2008 and sat out the last two equity offerings, but has indicated an interest in future ONEOK Partners equity offerings. The good news is that we have businesses that generate a lot of cash and a structure that gives us a lot of flexibility, and a variety of tools and options to deploy that cash. Over both the short and long term, we believe we have been prudent investors of that cash in ways that create value for our investors and other stakeholders. Finally, Id like to thank our employees who work safely and environmentally responsible everyday to create value for our investors and customers. When describing our NGL success at the partnership, I mentioned our uniquely positioned assets, higher prices and higher volumes, but I did not recognize the leadership team that makes and did make this all happen. And, of course, Terry leads that effort. Sheridan Swords is the President of that segment. Wes Christensen, our Senior Vice President responsible for operations of all of our assets and the partnership, and of course as everyone knows, you cant capture spreads if you dont have assets and our reliability creates significant value for our customers and our producers. And Randy Jordan, who is the quarterback that makes the calls on our optimization opportunities every day. And I might also add that this is the same team that is executing these billions of dollars worth of projects that we have underway. We never forget that our success as a company depends on the contributions of all of our employees, and I appreciate their efforts. Operator, at this time were ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. My first question is really just around your 2012 guidance level. You obviously raised 11 quite a bit. I mean, directionally should we be thinking about there is upside to any of these numbers, or youre kind of sticking with where you came out at Analyst Day?
John Gibson: Well, I think in general  Ted, this is John. If we were going to change our 2012 guidance, wed have done so today. I think as we have in the past, as we progress throughout a year, we will take the opportunity based on what has occurred and what we think will occur to revise that guidance. But this time, obviously we dont see a need to do so. I might ask Terry or Pierce if they have anything theyd like to add.
Terry Spencer: John, I really dont have much to add other than, its still very early. Once we get into the year, kind of see how things go then, as weve done in the past, well make adjustments as we deem necessary.
John Gibson: Rob, anything you want to add? Okay. Well, sorry, Ted, no new 2012 guidance.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: There you have it. Thank you. And then if I could just ask about, just coming back to the Conway-Belvieu spreads, and I appreciate, Terry, your  all the different factors you ran through about how they could close. Im wondering if you could  if you think about whether its Arbuckle or rail out of Conway ethane rejection, what are the sort of if you had to say one or two ones that you think are the most likely that will bring it back to your $0.12 number that youre forecasting right now?
Terry Spencer: Well, yeah, I mean, I think the fact that were increasing the Arbuckle capacity, and that was I think one of the first comments that I made, I think one will be significant. And I think  clearly dont think we can discount rail possibilities as well.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then again, just thinking about the spread, do you think that your project and other announced projects, will that be sufficient to really close the gap here that you see, or is there a need for even more capacity than whats been announced so far?
Terry Spencer: Well, as I look at the landscape today, I think that if those three projects happen, I think theyll be sufficient to meet the need. Still a tremendous amount of potential in the shale plays, particularly in the Mid-Continent, that we still see tremendous amount of opportunity there. But I think as we sit today, we think these three pipes, if they all happen, will get the job done.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. All right, thats it for me. Thank you.
John Gibson: Thank you, Ted.
Operator: Well go next to John Tysseland with Citi.
John Tysseland  Citi: Hi, guys.
John Gibson: Hey, John.
John Tysseland  Citi: Great quarter. From a strategic perspective, are there opportunities, or are you working on opportunities to invest in processing capacity or even NGL takeaway capacity in the Marcellus or Utica? Or do you see the need to have an anchor asset in that region before you kind of make those types of investments?
John Gibson: Well, John, weve talked about our interest in the Marcellus for some time now. We stated that were always interested in the Marcellus, but were trying to figure out what our competitive advantage was. We saw an advantage  a competitive advantage in the Bakken, so we chose to act upon that. We still feel the same way about the Marcellus. I mean, we continue to look for opportunities, but weve yet to come across one that seems to make a lot of sense for us. As it relates to the Utica, probably more potential for us than Marcellus, and our commercial people, our originators are working that area hard.
John Tysseland  Citi: And then, Terry, just for a follow-up question for you. You mentioned that Sterling III is two-thirds committed. Is that based on the initial 193,000 barrels a day of capacity, or is that based on the potential capacity of 250,000 barrels a day? And then secondarily to that, how confident are you that the remaining of that capacity will  of the projects will get filled over the course of next couple  over the course of next year?
Terry Spencer: Well, to answer your first question, its based upon that initial tranche of capacity, that 193,000. I think we feel pretty good that weve got a good chance to fill the balance of that capacity just based upon all the activity that were seeing. As I indicated earlier, the Mid-Continent continues to produce. We still get  are getting lots of request for new processing plant connections. So we feel pretty good about our chance to filling it.
John Tysseland  Citi: When do you break ground on that project, Sterling III?
Terry Spencer: We break ground  actually construction to be sometime in the spring of 2012.
John Tysseland  Citi: Great. Thank you, guys.
John Gibson: Thank you, John.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go next to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere  Tuohy: Hi. Congratulations on another good quarter.
John Gibson: Thank you Craig.
Craig Shere  Tuohy: Two questions. John or Rob, I realized you dont think these wide optimization contributions are sustainable. But can you discuss how perhaps fortuitous the surplus may be as you think about the timing of any possible WPZ equity issuance in 2012 or beyond to fund the accretive growth CapEx? And then I got another question.
John Gibson: Okay. The first question you asked me you had something to do with WPZ.
Craig Shere  Tuohy: I am sorry, I am getting confused with the morning calls. I meant OKS, apologies.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, no, thats okay. You threw me for a loop too I thought I could easily walk in the wrong conference room and tell something. I dont think Allen would like that. But we  as Rob mentioned in his call, we have no plans this year. Rob, is there anything you want to add to that?
Robert Martinovich: No. Craig, I think from  again, from our standpoint with regards to the back to the question on timing, as were going to do what we did in 2008 and be able to utilize this cash flow to pre-fund at least a portion of that $3 billion. So if that ends up flatting out timing on equity offerings, that could be a result, but again thats all part of the equation.
John Gibson: I think, Craig, maybe to answer your question more directly on my part anyway is just to say that, as we did in 2008, well use that cash to fund our capital and it will push out any equity offerings. If your question is when will the equity offering occur for that reason, it will occur later than we thought it would. But we, like everybody else, arent going to tell you when we think thatd be.
Craig Shere  Tuohy: So later, and obviously smaller, given that you have more internal cash flow. So to some degree the small  the commodity uplift youre experiencing can heighten your longer-term cash flows and distributions, because youll presumably have slightly smaller number of OKS units and be distributing more in the high splits. Is that a reasonable analysis?
John Gibson: If you assume smaller, yeah. But then  and getting back to my comment about the market and the opportunities, Terry has $1 billion of unannounced projects. Now if you think back going back to Overland Pass Pipeline how quickly we have found these large capital projects and financed them and built them, I think we got to consider that the likelihood that that unannounced $1 billion projects are going to be two or three or four years down the road. I dont think thats very likely. I think theyre coming fairly quickly. So, I mean, your assumptions  I mean, if your assumption is correct, then the balance falls. But I dont think were done.
Craig Shere  Tuohy: Fair enough. I appreciate that color. Can I just ask a quick question on energy services?
John Gibson: Sure.
Craig Shere  Tuohy: You all were really kind in giving a little more color at the Analyst Day. And given the roll-off of the storage and transport contracts, Im assuming these are about 50% priced above market. Im kind of ballparking here that we might have maybe $90 million of overhead fall-off, assuming you maintain the same contract positions or re-up for that capacity post 2012. Is this a reasonable ballpark? It seems like inevitable that (inaudible) unit is going to have better days?
John Gibson: Well, as Ive said before, we see this segment as a segment that can produce between $70 million and $125 million a year of EBIT or operating income. Obviously, this is a very difficult market. Weve had quarters like this before in this business, unfortunately; well probably have quarters like this again, but we believe in executing our strategy. Were going to  well be in that $70 million to $125 million range. Pierce, is there anything youd like to add to that?
Pierce Norton: The only thing Id add, John, is I think that thats in the ballpark. Reducing the amount of capacity that we currently have and slightly reducing our storage capacity, I think hes probably in the range.
Craig Shere  Tuohy: Great. I appreciate it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well go next to Elvira Scotto with RBC Capital Markets.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Hi. Good morning.
John Gibson: Good morning, Elvira.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Couple of questions for me. The $1 billion backlog of unannounced projects, is there any way to bucket those, theyre Bakken related or  anyway to bucket those around sort of either geography or types?
John Gibson: Yes, there is and they are. But, right or wrong, typically weve never  weve not done that. I think what weve done is, if I remember Terrys comments specifically, they fall in the area of gathering and processing, natural gas liquids storage and possibly some more natural gas liquids pipelines.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Okay. No, thats  okay, Im sorry, go ahead. Yes, thats helpful.
John Gibson: Yeah, sorry.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Yes. Well, I know  I think in the past you had talked about potentially looking at ways of potentially taking Bakken ethane into Canada. Now I know there is that pipeline, that Vantage Pipeline. But just curious what your latest thoughts are on taking ethane into Canada.
John Gibson: Terry?
Terry Spencer: Yes. Elvira, right now as it sits today  I mean, were still interested in the possibility of taking ethane to Canada. But, of course, well build on the Bakken pipeline, which is going to be perfectly capable of handling ethane and delivering ethane into Overland Pass, and then ultimately down to the Gulf Coast. So, I mean, that capital is going to be sunk, so were going to want to fill that pipeline first. The fact that of the matter is, as we sit today as you look at the markets prices for ethane in Canada versus down at Mont Belvieu in the net backs in this region, we get a better price than in the product to Belvieu than we do Canada. So until we really see something significantly change there, were not going to have a whole lot of incentive to send ethane to Canada. Clearly, it will be an option.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Okay, great. And then just a couple of quick questions. I think some of the  you had mentioned some of the guidance numbers came down on the natural gas gathering and processing, and I believe on the pipeline side, and some of thats attributable to higher operating cost. Can you maybe elaborate on that a little bit, and then how that carries over into 2012?
Terry Spencer: Yeah. I think that, Elvira, as far as the first question with respect to operating costs, as weve indicated before we had higher benefits in employee-related costs are probably the biggest chunk of it. And then your second question related to capital?
Pierce Norton: No (inaudible)
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: No, I mean, I think 
Terry Spencer: How those higher operating expenses carry into 12?
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Yeah.
Terry Spencer: Okay. Well, I mean, certainly. And, Rob, maybe you could probably add more color to that than I as it relates to benefit costs.
Robert Martinovich: I mean, really a portion of those could slide into 12, but not all of them will.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Okay, great. And then just 
John Gibson: Well, Id like to add one thing, Elvira. Part of this cost is share based, the shares that we give to employees and then we accrue for incentives much like other businesses do. And as we have continued to increase our profitability, were accruing more dollars, and therefore having higher expense that we plan to pay out to our employees. That  and the benefit cost is included in, obviously, the 2011 numbers and is included in our 2012 guidance, but really the variance that we are experiencing much like we did in distribution, well, were experiencing it in all of our segments.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Okay, great,
John Gibson: So I think thats a big part of it.
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Thats very helpful. And then just the last question for me. In the Bakken, I think you said that right now the projects are proceeding sort of on schedule, on budget. But as activity increases in the Bakken and therere some other  some of your competitors also building out there. How do you see just costs going forward? Do you think that theres going to be some additional cost pressures as more activity happens in that area?
John Gibson: Terry?
Terry Spencer: Certainly, Elvira, as it relates to labor costs; labor, as you probably read, is in short supply. Fortunately, for us, our assets are much more capital intensive than they are labor intensive. Were not talking about a whole lot of people that we have to hire in order to execute and operate on our projects. We will be impacted by costs, but our jobs that we offer to operations personnel are high quality jobs long term; theyre not transient jobs. So well get impacted some by costs, but most of our costs are capital intensive. Did that help you?
Elvira Scotto  RBC Capital: Great. Yeah, thats very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Terry Spencer: Elvira, I want to say one thing. I need to clarify something from a statement I made earlier about Sterling III. Sterling III right of way work, acquisition work will begin in the spring of 2012. The construction work, where we actually start throwing dirt, will begin in early 2013.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
S. Payne  Wells Fargo: How are you doing, guys?
John Gibson: Hello, Ross.
S. Payne  Wells Fargo: Quick question, looking at your balance sheet for the quarter, your leverage is quite low approaching kind of industry best here. On an LTM basis, youre clearly below your four times debt-to-EBITDA target. Your debt-to-cap target of 50/50 is youre slightly above that. How do we think about those two metrics you guys like to target? Are you comfortable where it is, or are you going to continue to look to reduce your leverage from a debt-to-cap standpoint? Thanks.
John Gibson: Well, let me make a couple of comments before I turn it over to Rob, and I am sure he will have something he would like to add. I mean, obviously, its a strength for us right now as we sit here, and particularly in reference to the comments about acquisition and additional capital, of course, lot of that additional capital we see at ONEOK Partners. But at ONEOK, we remain very engaged and active in opportunities to spend cash, and well probably, if we find the right opportunities, spend more than the cash we got, which means well be out to the banks to borrow money at ONEOK. So I think weve prepared ourselves with this balance sheet to be flexible so that we can transact when the right opportunity presents itself. So until that happens, I see us pretty much standing pat. But let me ask Rob if he has anything he would like to add?
Robert Martinovich: Yeah, Ross, certainly our targets remain a 50/50 capitalization and debt-to EBITDA of less than four. And I think as we talked a little bit in New York, weve flexed a little bit last capital spend in that 2006 to 2009 period of time, but then were able to rebalance it prior to this latest spend. So, I mean, I think that remains our focus with those metrics, and certainly to become  remain strong investment grade credit rating.
S. Payne  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
John Gibson: You are welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go now to Monroe Helm with Barrow Hanley.
H. Helm, III  Barrow Hanley: Great performance. I got in just a little bit late, so maybe youve already discussed this. But in response to a question earlier about expansion opportunities in the Marcellus, and the fact that it doesnt meet your hurdle rate, so I was just curious your take on the opportunities in the Eagle Ford shale 
John Gibson: Okay, well 
H. Helm, III  Barrow Hanley: Its like a project, its an area thats going to have a lot of capital put to it for a long period of time.
John Gibson: Well, let me correct myself if I did say that. When we talked about the Marcellus, what we said was that we looked at investing in the Marcellus, but could not find our competitive advantage relative to others.
H. Helm, III  Barrow Hanley: Right.
John Gibson: We chose to invest in the Bakken. As it relates to the Eagle Ford, its the same story, but its actually a whole lot more  its a lot clear to us that were not advantaged, because in the Eagle Ford there are already significant gatherers, fractionate, processors, et cetera. And so the fact that we dont have a competitive advantage in the Eagle Ford is even more apparent to us than it is in the Marcellus.
H. Helm, III  Barrow Hanley: Okay. Its an area where there could be an opportunity to buy your way in?
John Gibson: Yes, there would be an opportunity to buy us way in, but itd be very large and very expensive. And Im not sure at the end of the day weve created a whole lot of value other than just transferring value.
H. Helm, III  Barrow Hanley: Okay, thanks.
John Gibson: Yes, sir.
Operator: Well take our next question from Helen Ryoo with Barclays Capital.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Thank you. Good morning. Question on your NGL segment, is it your plan to reduce the capacity used for optimization next year, and whatever youre using now, youll use less capacity next year?
John Gibson: Terry.
Terry Spencer: Helen, not necessarily. I think actually our view is that from an optimization standpoint we will  our volumes will reduce as we move through 2012. We will fill that volume with fee-based business as we continue to grow our infrastructure in the Mid-Continent and the Rockies. So volumetrically  I think hopefully that answers your question. Volumetrically, we will reduce how much we ship in terms of optimization.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: So the absolute level of capacity used for optimization will go down next  I mean, Im sorry I didnt quite 
Terry Spencer: The physical capacity  Helen, the physical capacity is going to be there. Were going to replace some of it. A portion of it was fee-based business.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay. But youre saying that the actual capacity you will use for optimization will not necessarily go down?
Terry Spencer: The physical  and Im not doing a very good job of explaining it. The physical hard capacity is going to be there. Okay?
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Terry Spencer: What we utilized for our optimization activity, how much of that capacity we use, will reduce. Okay?
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Terry Spencer: The volume that we  the volume that fills that optimization capacity we dont use will be fee-based business coming from the internal growth projects that were doing upstream.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay, okay. Got it, got it. Thank you. And then in terms of your fee-based business, are you able to get higher rates on that business as time goes by? I mean, put it in another way, is your 2012 guidance assumes a higher rate on your fee-based business compared to what youre realizing in 2011?
Terry Spencer: Helen, the answer to that  the short answer is yes.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Terry Spencer: The demand for gathering system and fractionation capacity continues to be very strong. The fee for doing those businesses is going up, and our competition  competitors are charging higher rates as well. So, yeah, they will be going up.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just a follow-up. I guess youve talked about in your Analyst Day long-term spread outlook going down to maybe $0.10 to $0.12. Even at that environment, is it fair to assume that you still make maybe a slightly higher margin on your optimization business versus straight fee-based business?
Terry Spencer: Well, its hard to say that, because obviously optimization margins, I mean, theyre very volatile. So you cant say that with the high degree of certainty that theyre going to be at a certain level. What were seeing is that, our customers are willing to pay and commit under firm contracts at a rate that may be slightly below, somewhat below what we would generate in terms of optimization, thats a good bet for us. We will give up that capacity  that optimization capacity in exchange for long-term firm fees at a somewhat lower margin. We think thats a good bet for us, and thats what weve got built into our long-term plans.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
John Gibson: Thank you, Helen.
Operator: Well take our next question from Stephen Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
John Gibson: Good morning.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Two quick ones. John, you made the comment on cash flow at OKE priority being acquisition, dividend increase, OK asset purchases and share repurchases at OKE. My question is why wouldnt dividend increases go above acquisitions in this environment where you guys have extremely unique footprint, a lot of organic opportunity, a growing organic opportunity set, a great balance sheet at OKE. Obviously, weve seen what one of your peers did with a different strategy on dividend payout also being able to go and make a big acquisition. So just sort of a philosophical question. Why not use the cash in more of a dividend payout way knowing that you still could, if you found an acquisition go and do it?
John Gibson: Well, my comments were  and just thank you for asking the question, because it gives me opportunity to clarify. We see all four of those as an opportunity. It sort of depends given point in time which ones at the top of the list is.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Gibson: So, to say today that a dividend increase is a higher priority than an acquisition, it depends. It depends on our next economic alternative. Those four  and I think history has proven that those four areas are areas where we have in the past made changes. Weve acquired assets. Weve increased the dividend significantly. Weve invested in ONEOK Partners. Weve done all those things. So  and well continue to do those things. Your comment about our peers and the acquisitions, I mean, I hear you, but at the same time weve got $3 billion of projects underway at attractive rates of return and we have over $1 billion  I guess I just increased it  of unannounced projects. And the returns on those projects are greater than if we were to go repeat an acquisition that one of our peers did at what the Street tells us those returns are. Obviously, those companies know their situation much better than we do, and they, like when we bought the Coke assets, may see something that neither we nor the Street sees. So Im not trying to say that they havent made good investments. Im just saying relative to our next economic alternative, were always choosing what we think creates the most value. So I could sit here right now and tell you that, oh, yeah, wed much rather do an acquisition than increase the dividend, for example, or buyback ONEOK Partners shares. But till that baby shows up, what are we going to do, keep the dividend where it is, not buy anymore ONEOK Partners? Thats kind of like you got to look at all that stuff at the same time. And did I answer your question?
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Yes, you did. I just wanted to be clear. I wasnt  I hope you didnt think I was suggesting that you guys needed to go and do an acquisition. I was actually thinking more of the opposite. You have a very nice slate of things going on there, so I wasnt comparing that you had to or saying you should do or anything. It was just more  youve got flexibility and thats all. So 
John Gibson: No, I didnt take it that way.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Gibson: I thought it was a good question and I appreciate your asking us, so we could kind of clarify that point.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Well, thanks for that. And then final one is just  and appreciate more color again on the energy services, but youve  its an area where you de-emphasized OKE a bit, a little bit subject to market conditions. Whats your view on  what is the strategic value to having that business at OKE? How is that helping you guys out? Is it something that could be  do you feel like something thats I dont know that you get credit for.
John Gibson: Well, perhaps we dont. There is some people who say we do, but thats a debate to what end Im not quite sure. But the vision of the company has been and remains to seek opportunities where we can further take advantage of our integrated operations. And by that what I mean is, weve for the last 10 years plus have been putting back together the pieces of the value chain to create that integrated model, because we believe its the  it provides the lowest cost to capital. When you look at what energy services has done for us and what it does for us today, it keeps us engaged in the marketplace. It allows us to see and participate in the downstream business of natural gas beyond what we do inside our distribution business, or for that fact besides what we do inside the partnership. So we feel that what it does do is it does create value for the business through that integration activity. The other thing  the other part of our vision, as you might recall, is that we seek to do those things  those  where we can take advantage of those capabilities that weve developed and also provide opportunity to develop capabilities we dont have, which might create value in the future. We do the energy services business, the gas marketing business uniquely and differently than our competitors. And, yes, it is exposed to the volatility and the commodity price. But as weve talked about earlier, reducing costs we can continue to focus on creating value, and thats the business that we think we can generate  that can generate between that $75 million and  I think its $70 million and $125 million, I cant recall exactly.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Gibson: We still see it as something that makes us money.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks very much.
John Gibson: You bet.
Dan Harrison: Okay. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners conference call. As a reminder, our quite period for the fourth quarter will start when we close our books in early January and will extend until earnings are released in February. Well provide the exact date and time of the release of fourth quarter earnings and the details of the conference call at a later day. Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude todays conference.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison  VP, Communications and IR John Gibson  Chairman, President and CEO Robert Martinovich  CFO Terry Spencer  COO, ONEOK Partners Pierce Norton  COO
Analysts: Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co. Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. John Tysseland  Citigroup Global Markets Michael Blum  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle Investment Management LLC Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets Jack Moore  Harpswell Capital Management LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference call, Mr. Dan Harrison. You may begin, sir.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning and thanks, everyone, for joining us. A reminder that any statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, Chairman, President and CEO of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. John?
John Gibson: Thank you, Dan. Good morning and many thanks for joining us today. We appreciate your continued investment and interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me are Rob Martinovich, Chief Financial Officer for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, who will review our quarterly results and updated guidance; Terry Spencer, ONEOK Partners Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss the partnerships operating results; and Pierce Norton, ONEOKs Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss the performance of our Natural Gas Distribution and Energy Services segments. As we begin the call this morning, in my remarks, I will provide some perspective on our second quarter financial results and updated guidance, and discuss the impact of our share based compensation programs on our results. Ill also comment on the acquisition market in the context of the recent Southern Union transaction, and then conclude with an update on our efforts to deal with a recently enacted Oklahoma law requiring us to have a classified board. So, lets start with the second quarter financial performance. ONEOK Partners second quarter performance was exceptional. Our natural gas liquids business continues to benefit from favorable NGL price differentials and by having more fractionation and transportation capacity available to use for optimization activities. While the wider natural gas liquid differentials played a key role in the natural gas liquids business exceeding our expectations, it is more important to note that the base business, the fee-based exchange services business, exceeded our plan as we continue to add new NGL volumes to our system. The point is that our natural gas liquids business, in particular our key fee-based earnings component, exchange services, performed well without those unprecedented wide differentials. That is important because we recognize that as we and others add transportation capacity between the two NGL market centers, the bases will contract. While we have built a business capable of capturing the upside present in the market, we have most importantly built one that creates growing value based on providing fee-based services to the market. It has been gratifying to see our investments and strategies pay off for our customers and investors, not only in the first half of the year but also in our expectations for the full year and beyond. At the ONEOK level, we believe the partnerships continued strong performance will cover the shortfall we are experiencing in other parts of the company this year. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment performed as we expected. However, the largest portion of the share-based costs, the company incurred in the first half of the year, were allocated to this segment because it has the largest number of employees. This resulted in lower second quarter earnings and an adjustment to the 2011 operating income guidance in the distribution segment. Without these expenses, this segment would be meeting its plan. More on the share-based expenses in a moment. Energy Services quarterly results were disappointing. While the Energy Services team has worked hard and done a good job, realigning its leased storage and transportation capacity to meet the needs of premium service customers to reduce earnings volatility, extremely challenging market conditions have more than offset their efforts. Low natural gas prices and volatility due to a supply surplus as a result of shale gas plays have tightened seasonal storage and location price differentials to unprecedentedly narrow levels. While we are not pleased with Energy Services results or its revised expectations, they are based on the current market with low prices and narrow basis differentials resulting in our not being able to meet the original guidance for this segment. Pierce will update you on our efforts to address these issues. Despite our reduced expectations for Energy Services, we are confident in our ability to achieve our revised 2011 guidance at ONEOK. We believe that the continued performance at the partnership will offset the weaker performance at energy services. Now some perspective on the share-based costs that affected our second quarter results, primarily in the Natural Gas Distribution segment. As you know, the ONEOK share price has increased significantly this year. Our employee stock award plan awards one share of stock to each employee whenever we hit an all-time high in $1 increments. This program is part of our total compensation package and was created to reward employees for their contributions in creating shareholder value and to align their interest with shareholders. Since the programs inception in 2004, weve awarded 50 shares of ONEOK stock to employees and 20 shares so far this year, 19 in the first six months and a 20th share in early July. It is important to note that employees went three and a half years from May of 2007 until December of 2010 without an award. As the cost for these awards amounted this year, a suggestion was made to me to terminate the program to address these rising costs and unplanned expenses. We considered this suggestion but decided to continue the program for several reasons. First, while the expense is not insignificant, it is a small price to pay for the value our employees have created, which is more than $2 billion in share price appreciation since the beginning of this year. Second, the program did what it was supposed to do, align employees interest with shareholders. And finally and perhaps more importantly, what would it say about us as a company and as a leadership team if when the program starts to significantly reward employees, we terminate it. Its our leadership teams responsibility to find ways to overcome these costs and with the help of our employees, were looking for ways to do just that through cost savings or revenue growth within the company. At this time, Rob will now review ONEOK Partners financial highlights and then he will hand it off to Terry, so that he may review the partnerships operating performance. Rob?
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, ONEOK Partners reported a 63% year-over-year increase in net income. Distributable cash flow increased 48% compared with the second quarter last year resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.44 times. In July, ONEOK Partners completed a two-for-one split of the partnerships common units and Class B units. This split enhances liquidity and makes our units more accessible to a broader base of potential investors. Also in July, we increased the distribution by $0.01 per unit on the split adjusted basis or $0.02 per unit on a pre-split basis, twice the amount we had in 2011 guidance due to the strong NGL performance that Terry will discuss in a moment. Pending board approval, the partnership now anticipates increase in the distribution $0.01 per unit per quarter for the remainder of 2011, building on the second quarter 2011 distribution increase which marks the 19th increase since ONEOK became sole general partner five years ago, a 46% increase. Weve updated the partnerships 2011 earnings guidance to a range of $630 million to $660 million to reflect higher than anticipated earnings in the natural gas liquids segment. We increased our 2011 capital expenditure guidance to $1.3 billion to reflect the partnerships purchase of the Bushton plant leased equipment for approximately $94 million, plus acceleration of G&P infrastructure projects in the Bakken Shale. This breaks down to $1.2 billion in growth capital and $102 million in maintenance capital. We now estimate the partnerships 2011 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $735 million to $765 million compared with its previous range of $625 million to $675 million. We are still confident in the three-year financial plan guidance on EBITDA and distribution growth we provided last October and expect to update that three-year plan in September at our Investor Day. We will also release our 2012 financial guidance at that time. We have hedges in place to lock-in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, which is the most sensitive to commodity price changes. Our news release contains information on the updated hedges. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $432.2 million in cash and no commercial paper or other short-term borrowings. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 54% and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.85. Earlier this week, ONEOK Partners entered into a new $1.2 billion revolving credit facility that expires in August 2016, expanding the capacity and flexibility of our previous agreement. Finally, we still do not anticipate any additional financing this year, but well continue to monitor the capital markets and be prepared to take advantage of any opportunities. Now, Terry will review the partnerships operating performance.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. The partnership had an exceptional second quarter. Operating income increased almost 40%, driven primarily by higher optimization margins in the natural gas liquids segment due to wider NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu, due to increased fractionation and transportation capacity available for optimization activity. Earnings also increased as a result of contract renegotiations for some of our NGL exchange services activities and higher isomerization margins in our NGL business, as well as higher commodity prices in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. This morning, Ill discuss our operating performance and updated 2011 guidance, discuss our outlook of the NGL markets, and close with a status report on our growth projects. The natural gas gathering and processing segments second quarter financial results were higher than the same period in 2010 due primarily to higher net realized commodity prices and changes in contract terms. We increased slightly this segments operating income guidance for 2011 reflecting, lower than expected gathering and processing volumes compared with our original 2011 guidance. Offsetting the operating income reduction are higher earnings from our equity investments. We now expect processed volumes to be up 3% over last year and gathered volumes to be down 3% compared with last year. These estimates reflect adjustments in drilling schedules by a Western Oklahoma producer, weather-related outages and continued declines in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, offset by volume growth in the Williston basin and Cana-Woodford. The Powder River volumes represent approximately 12% of our total gathered volumes but generate less than 4% of our gathering and processing segments net margin. The natural gas pipeline segments second quarter results were lower compared with the second quarter last year due to increased operating expenses and lower transportation margins from narrower regional natural gas price differentials that decreased interruptible volumes and contracted capacity on Midwestern gas transmission. Northern Borders earning were up more than 30% as it maintained its competitive position by transporting Canadian sourced supply to markets in the Midwestern United States. Most, if not all, of Northern Borders capacity is contracted through October 2012. We reduced this segments operating income to reflect narrower natural gas price location differentials that have lowered the demand for interruptible transportation services on Midwestern and on the balance of our transmission pipelines. We do expect higher earnings from our 50% interest in Northern Border pipeline. Almost 85% of our wholly-owned pipelines subscribed capacity serves end users such as natural gas distribution companies and electric generators that need gas to operate their businesses regardless of regional price differentials. Approximately 82% of our pipeline capacity and 100% of our storage capacity is contracted under firm long-term contracts. Our natural gas liquids segment continues to benefit from more available fractionation and transportation capacity for optimization activities and favorable NGL price differentials. Contract re-negotiations associated with our exchange services activities and higher isomerization margins from wider price spreads between normal butane and isobutane also helped earnings. Excluding the impact from these favorable differentials, our base business exceeded our expectations. We fractionated approximately 541,000 barrels per day including barrels fractionated at the target facility from the fractionation services agreement that began during the second quarter. We expect fractionation capacity to remain tight but gradually become more available as new frac capacity comes on line over the next few years. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were 432,000 barrels per day and exclude the Overland Pass volumes that were de-consolidated last September. If you back out the Overland Pass barrels for the second quarter of last year, NGL gathered volumes were up 15% and up 9% compared with the first quarter as a result of increased volumes gathered on the Arbuckle Pipeline and in the Mid-Continent. Arbuckle Pipeline volumes have increased more than 160,000 barrels per day versus current capacity of 180,000 barrels per day that will increase to 240,000 barrels per day in 2012. We increased our operating income guidance for this segment significantly to reflect higher than expected NGL optimization margins from wider NGL price differentials and increased NGL transportation capacity available for our optimization activities. For the remainder of 2011, we have assumed a $0.15 per gallon Conway to Mont Belvieu average ethane price differential. Now, an update on our projects. In May, we announced plans to build the 570-mile Sterling III pipeline and the 75,000 barrel per day Mont Belvieu II fractionators, enabling us to serve the rapid NGL supply growth within our footprint. Producers continued to aggressively drill in a number of unconventional NGL-rich resource plays in the Mid-Continent and Rockies. As a result, many new natural gas processing plants are being constructed in Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle to process NGL-rich natural gas thats being produced in the Cana-Woodford Shale, the Granite Wash, the Woodford Shale, and now the emerging Mississippian Lime formation. Development also continues in the Rockies, specifically in the Bakken and Niobrara plays. Due to this strong supply growth, NGL prices in the Mid-Continent market center at Conway, Kansas, are significantly lower relative to prices at Mont Belvieu, Texas. Current NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu for ethane exceed $0.20 per gallon. These wide differentials have steadily trended upward climbing from about $0.03 per gallon in 2005 to more than $0.15 per gallon for much of this year. Another factor driving the wide location price differential is strong ethane demands from the petrochemical sector located primarily on the Gulf Coast due to the price advantage ethane has had over other feedstocks. A number of petrochemical companies have announced additional heavy-to-light feed conversions, expansions of existing plants and construction of new world scale petrochemical plants on the Gulf Coast that will add more than 400,000 barrels per day of incremental ethane cracking capacity by 2017. Consequently, pipeline capacity between the two NGL market centers remains constrained. NGL producers need more capacity to accommodate their growing NGL volumes and the producers supplying their plants continue to drill in NGL-rich plays. The current wide NGL price differential exceeds the level necessary to support a new pipeline. As new capacity between Conway and Mont Belvieu is developed, we believe the price differentials will narrow considerably, possibly to the $0.08 to $0.10 per gallon range over the next few years. We believe that now is the ideal time to contract capacity on a new pipeline, while NGL price location differentials are high and demand for capacity is high. Our existing Sterling I and II Pipelines, which transport NGL purity products, are near capacity today. And our Arbuckle Pipeline, which transports unfractionate NGLs from the Mid-Continent to the Gulf Coast, is expected to approach its capacity in 2012. Our new Sterling III Pipeline will nearly double our existing NGL transportation capacity between Conway and Mont Belvieu and provide our NGL infrastructure with added flexibility as all three Sterling pipelines will be able to transport either unfractionated NGLs or purity NGL products. The Mont Belvieu II fractionator is integral to our strategy of providing our customers with a full range of services. We received our air quality permit from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality and construction is now underway. We continue to secure supply commitments for both Sterling III and Mont Belvieu II and expect to have substantially all of the available capacity committed well before these assets go into service. Turning to our Bakken projects. We are investing approximately $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion to build three new 100 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing plants and related infrastructure and the 500 plus mile, 60,000 barrel per day Bakken NGL pipeline along with the expansions of the Bushton fractionator and the Overland Pass pipeline. Despite flooding and highway restrictions, our projects remain on schedule. We expect our first processing plant, Garden Creek, to be in service by the end of this year and the Stateline I and II plants to be in service in 2012 and 2013 respectively. The Bakken NGL pipeline is also on time and on budget with engineering and design, right away acquisition and ground surveying moving ahead. In addition to growth projects we have already announced, we are continuing to evaluate a lengthy backlog of natural gas and NGL-related infrastructure projects including investments in natural gas pipelines, processing plants and NGL storage facilities. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Rob will review ONEOKs financial performance and then Pierce Norton will review ONEOKs operating performance. Rob?
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John. ONEOKs second quarter net income increased by 32%, driven primarily by the strong performance at ONEOK Partners. Operating costs were higher primarily due to increased share-based compensation and other benefit costs. Share-based compensation costs include stocks issued to employees and directors under the companys long-term incentive plans and the employee stock award program that John mentioned that awards one share of stock each time ONEOK stock closes at or above a new $1 benchmark. Through the first six months of 2011, we have awarded an unprecedented 19 shares of stock at a cost of $8.9 million, a relatively small price to pay we believe, for creating the additional shareholder value that John mentioned. In May, ONEOK executed a $300 million accelerated share repurchase agreement with Barclays Capital. The repurchase will be funded by available cash and short-term borrowings. This repurchase is part of a $750 million share repurchase program through 2013, with an annual maximum of $300 million authorized by our board last fall. Based on the repurchase of shares and the issuance of shares under our share-based compensation programs, we expect the average amount of diluted shares outstanding for 2011 to be approximately 107 million, a net decrease of approximately 1 million shares compared with the average for 2010. ONEOKs year-to-date 2011 standalone cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $153.2 million. This includes the benefit of bonus depreciation which will continue to benefit us through 2012. With the partnerships updated 2011 distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately $333 million in distributions this year, a 10% increase over 2010. ONEOKs income taxes on the distributions from the LP units it owns are deferred contributing to ONEOKs strong cash flow. We also updated guidance for ONEOK in 2011. Net income is expected to be in the range of $325 million to $345 million compared with its previous range of $325 million to $360 million. The updated guidance reflects higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment offset partially by lower expected earnings in the Distribution and Energy Services segments. Our updated standalone cash flow before changes in working capital is expected to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $180 million to $210 million versus our previous guidance range of $235 million to $275 million. The change reflects our revised ONEOK earnings guidance. The standalone cash flow includes the benefit from the bonus depreciation I mentioned earlier. We anticipate standalone cash flow before changes in working capital to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $150 million to $200 million per year over the next three years. Embedded within that expectation are the more aggressive dividend growth and the targeted payout ratio we provided last fall. In July, we increased our dividend by $0.04 a share which represents an 8% increase since the beginning of the year and a 17% increase since last fall when we announced plans to increase the dividend by 50% to 60% over a three-year period while maintaining a 60% to 70% payout ratio. ONEOKs liquidity position is very strong. At the end of the second quarter on a standalone basis, we had $526.6 million of commercial paper outstanding, $45.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, $302.3 million of natural gas and storage, and $671.4 million available under our new credit facilities. Our standalone total debt to capitalization ratio at June 30th was 42%. ONEOKs significant cash flow and excellent liquidity position continues to give us tremendous financial flexibility for dividend increases, share repurchases, purchasing additional ONEOK Partners units and acquisitions. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOKs operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Lets start with our Distribution segment. Similar to the first quarter of this year, second quarter 2011 earnings were lower because of higher operating cost, primarily the share-based compensation cost previously mentioned. Because the Distribution segment has the most ONEOK employees, it was allocated the largest portion of these share-based compensation costs which accounted for $5.5 million of the quarter-over-quarter operating expense increase and more than $11 million of the year-to-date increase. As John mentioned, absent these costs, the segment performed as we expected it would. Net margin was relatively unchanged compared to the same period last year. The Distribution segment operating income guidance for 2011 has been updated to $218 million to reflect the higher year-to-date share-based compensation and employee-related benefits cost. Our revenues for this segment remains strong and are on plan. Now, a brief regulatory update. In July, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission approved Oklahoma Natural Gas first annual performance-based rate filing. We had not sought any modifications to the customers rate since our return on equity was within the range approved by the Commission. In May, the Commission also approved Oklahoma Natural Gas energy efficiency application allowing us to recover cost and receive performance incentives for various energy efficiency programs. In Texas, the annual filing of our Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program, known as GRIP, was approved for $1.5 million in May for Austin jurisdiction with new rates taking effect in June. We are waiting to hear from the City of El Paso on our $1.1 million GRIP filing there. Upon approval, these new rates would take effect in August. We continue our efforts to grow our rate base by investing in projects that provide benefits to our customers and our shareholders. Year-to-date in 2011, the Distribution segment invested $109 million of capital compared with a $78 million for the same period last year. The increase is due to the timing of routine construction activities in 2011 as well as the earlier installation of automated meters in 2011 compared with 2010. This year, we are reinvesting $25 million to install these automated meters. Weve completed 50% of this years planned installations in areas of Oklahoma and Texas. These meters are safer, more accurate and more efficient and allow us to return on investments creating a win-win for the customers and the company. Now, lets turn to Energy Services. Our second quarter results were lower compared with the same quarter in 2010, primarily because of lower transportation margins, net of hedging due to lower hedge settlements in 2011 compared with 2010. In last years first and second quarters, we benefited from the transportation hedges we placed in 2008 and earlier in 2009 when there was ample liquidity in the marketplace. Since then, liquidity and volatility have been extremely limited and it is currently disadvantageous for us to place forward hedges. For the remainder of 2011, we have hedged approximately 41% of our transportation margins and 64% of our storage margin. We expect the midpoint of our 2011 operating income to be $42 million, lower than our previous guidance of $91 million and the $75 million to $125 million range we expected for this business. This segment continues to face extraordinarily challenging market conditions that are the results of an increase in transportation pipeline capacity in recent years and abundance of supply of natural gas from the development of shale plays. This has resulted in significantly narrowed location and seasonal storage differentials from where they had been in past years. In our initial guidance, we expected locations spreads to widen to 2010 levels. But in fact, they have narrowed driven by market conditions. We are also experiencing lower seasonal storage spreads compared to those wed forecasted given stronger supplier growth and warmer than normal weather. As I mentioned last quarter, we have a plan to help address these adverse market conditions. Heres where we stand on those efforts. Number one, maintaining our existing premium services customers and while adding new ones. We have retained more than 90% of our customers by maintaining a strong long-term relationship. However, the fees we charge are lower due to low prices of natural gas. Number two, maximizing earnings through reflective optimization activities. With extremely low and narrow location spreads and seasonal spreads, our opportunities to optimize in the daily marketplace have been somewhat limited. The spreads were experiencing are much tighter than we expected, which still allows for opportunities to optimize but at lower margins. Regardless, we are looking for niche opportunities to do so every day. Number three, growing our market share with electric generation customers. With the extreme heat in the Central U.S., we, as our competitors, are actively selling gas to growing electric generation customer base. We have been successful in this endeavor but at a very competitive environment, the margins are limited. Number four, work with producers to move their supply in constrained areas. Our efforts continue and have been successful. However, producers are focused on 2012 and 2013, not 2011. Were also rebasing our cost structure, assessing how much capacity we need to contract for, what we need, what we dont need and where and renegotiating transportation and storage rates whenever and wherever possible. By the end of the 2012, more than 20% of our leased transportation and store capacity will be up for renegotiation and more than 80% by 2015, giving us additional opportunities to realign our market positions and more importantly rebase our cost structure. Rest assured that this management team is focused on doing what we can to adapt our strategy to these challenging market conditions. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Some final comments before we take your questions. Weve received a number of questions on the sale of Southern Union. What did we think of the proposed transactions? Could we, would we submit a bid? And now that the transaction appears to have concluded, would we be interested in acquiring any of Southern Unions assets? Here are the facts. We, along with a long list of others, have had several discussions with Southern Union management over the years about a potential transaction, with my last conversation being less than a week before the initial transaction announcement. And yes, we were prepared to submit a competing bid before the first counter offer was made. However, as the price of the transaction increased, it did not make economic sense for us. Simply put, our current growth and future opportunities at ONEOK Partners are more accretive than acquiring Southern Union at the prices being contemplated. At the right price, Southern Union would have been a great fit for us. Is it a good deal as now proposed? Thats for the management of the other parties involved in the transaction to answer. As you know, we are a disciplined buyer of assets and measure acquisition opportunities against our other growth alternatives, which for us are our current and future internal growth projects from a return and value creation standpoint as well as a strategic fit. Having said that, if certain Southern Union assets become available for purchase, we are interested. The final point Id like to touch on involves a recent and unwelcome change in our corporate governance at ONEOK. ONEOK is incorporated in the State of Oklahoma and we recently learned that the Oklahoma Legislature in 2010 passed last-minute legislation requiring all large publicly traded companies incorporated in Oklahoma to have classified, or staggered, boards of directors. As a result, the directors of ONEOK have been classified automatically by the Oklahoma statute into three classes with staggered terms. This law runs counter to the wishes of our Board and our shareholders. In 2008, our Board recommended and our shareholders overwhelmingly approved the elimination of our classified Board and the institution of the annual election of directors. Despite the Oklahoma law change, we continue to believe that the annual election of directors is good governance and that companies should be able to work with their shareholders to determine which board structure is appropriate. Obviously, we are disappointed that the legislature took this action and did so in a manner that did not afford us, as the largest publicly company in the state, the opportunity to participate in a debate regarding the advisability of this legislation. I have spoken to Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin twice about the issue and she said she is committed to working with ONEOK and the Oklahoma Legislature to resolve this situation. This legislation by the way was passed before Governor Fallin became governor. We will keep you updated on our progress. And finally, as always, Id like to thank our 4,800 employees who create value every day for our investors and customers through their dedication and commitment to excellence. Our success as a company depends upon their contributions and I appreciate their efforts. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Stephen Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody. Good morning.
John Gibson: Good morning.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, John, very much for the Southern Union candor. That is quite appreciated. I want to talk a little bit about the differential and the (inaudible) that are going on in the NGL market. And you stated that were currently at $0.20 or $0.22 right now but you look at the rest of the year and kind of factor in a $0.15 number, and is that more conservatism on your part or do you really think it will be that quickly it will start to alleviate?
John Gibson: Well, I think Terry probably in the best position to answer that question for us.
Terry Spencer: Steve, when we look forward at our spreads, my view is, is that as you, and the way the industry works is that as you move into the fourth quarter, you will start to historically see that spread compress. And as you get into the last couple of months of the year youll see things like petrochemical companies de-stocking their inventory and doing things to manage their books. And so thats pretty normal. So, when we look at where we are today in that $0.22, $0.23 range, well gradually see that decline as we move into the year. Our view is that itll average out about $0.15.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then you mentioned that you think longer term we could settle on some sort of high single-digit level. How long do you think it takes for us to get to that?
Terry Spencer: Well, I think that what youre going to see over 2012 and 2013 is youll see that ethane spread probably in that $0.12 to $0.13 a gallon range but then in 2014 when our Sterling III capacity comes on line, well see it compress into that $0.08 to $0.10 range.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then as you see forecast right now for producers, do you think there is enough being proposed between yourself and DCP in terms of takeaway to bring down to the Gulf on the NGL side?
Terry Spencer: I think  is your question supply?
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, I mean, do you think  do we have enough takeaway capacity being proposed right now with all the supply that you see from producers?
Terry Spencer: Well, probably the simple answer to that question is there room for two pipes and I think the answer to that question is yes, based upon the supply picture that we see. We see 250,000 barrels a day plus potentially being developed from new processing plants. Much of that is currently under development. So, I think theres going to be room for two pipes. I will say that we believe our pipe is advantaged for a number of reasons. I think the DCP pipe, theres room for that pipe but I think their pipe will be very focused on their own equity production. So, short answer is yes, I think there is room for two pipes.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And final question and Ill get back in queue, maybe for John, just bigger picture with the free cash flow story at OKE and the color that you said around Southern Union, do you think there are other opportunities like Southern Union out there or did you view this as something that was kind of came along once every whatever many years, several years?
John Gibson: Well, I think once every is a pretty good description. There are other opportunities out there, and as the facts have unfolded, it becomes no surprise as presented that many people were in discussions with Southern Union. There are other companies that many of us are in discussion with and you just have to, as part of the process, stay in touch with those that you think might be good fits for acquisition in the future, so that when the conditions are right youre advantaged and prepared to transact. So yes, we keep an eye on that always.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot everybody.
John Gibson: Thank you, Steve.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys.
Terry Spencer: Hi, Ted.
John Gibson: Hi, Ted.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Not to beat on the Conway-Belvieu spread but can you give us a sense of maybe a sensitivity, you said $0.15. What sort of a dollar impact if that spread moves by, say, $0.1 because you put up, obviously, a big number in that segment. I was wondering if you thought about that.
John Gibson: Well, we thought about it and I think that its difficult for us to give you a sensitivity because its a combination of supply and capacity. So if you think about it, we had opportunities to make these spreads, when was that, a year ago, but we had capacity in our fractionator tied up under, what I would call, under market fractionation agreements. And so, we didnt have the capacity to capture this. So the amount of  the ability to capture the differential depends upon obviously the demand but also the ability of the assets to have the capacity to transact. So there isnt a good way to provide that to you and were never going to be able to. Anything you want to add there, Terry?
Terry Spencer: No, John, really I think the only thing Id add is that weve, in the past, weve gotten that question and weve resisted disclosing how much capacity that we allocate. We have total capacity down the pipe of a number. And only a portion of that capacity we actually use for optimization. And so weve resisted in the past for competitive reasons disclosing that information and we still look, were still there. Maybe someday well disclose it, yes maybe, but today, no.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe someday somebody will ask that question, so youll actually answer that. Okay.
John Gibson: We answered it.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, I appreciate it. And maybe just coming on the organic growth side, as you kind of look across and may be even diving into the different projects, youve given this range of five to seven times EBITDA. Are projects kind of looking like theyre going to come in at the low end or the high end of that range?
John Gibson: I think that we are  the ones that we have completed is the one that youre talking about.
Terry Spencer: Yes.
John Gibson: The ones that we can look back on.
Terry Spencer: Yes, I think when we look back at it were probably in the middle.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Probably, if I think on some of the lookbacks that weve recently done, were going to be in the middle of that range. I dont think its leaning toward one side or the other.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then just on, as youre progressing with the existing ones, same answer? Or...
Terry Spencer: Say that again, Ted?
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: As youre progressing with, kind of as youre going through some of the other projects as we look into 12 and whatnot, still feeling like youre going to hit the middle of that range? Or...
Terry Spencer: Yes, we may get closer to low end of that range on some of these projects.
John Gibson: I think well get closer to the lower end provided that we continue to learn from our past experience. We would have been at the lower end to that multiple range had we been more successful with some of our construction costs. But we had and we dont need to repeat all the past, but we learned a lot about weather and sage-grouse and dealing with the government and weve changed the way we approach our projects, and we believe that well be towards the lower end because of that knowledge.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks. And then the last one from me is the OKE level, the dividend raise here again a nice strong raise. It looks to me like youre kind of at the top end of your payout ratio target if I just kind of annualize your current dividend. Are you raising the dividend a little bit in anticipation of where 2012 is going to come out? Just kind of a little guidance on what youre doing there?
John Gibson: Well, we got a new CFO. No, I am sorry. Rob, you want to...
Robert Martinovich: Ted, that dividend had been anticipated subject to Board approval. So thats, we were just executing in all that and I think youre right with regards to your analysis as kind of being in the upper range there. So two parts, I mean one, everything was falling into place and some of the reason not to continue with the previous guidance.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got you. Thats it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Good morning, everybody.
John Gibson: Hello, Yves.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Yves.
Robert Martinovich: Hi, Yves.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: If I could, just to go back and then go forward. To go back, in terms of the guidance for the rest of the year, when we think about the optimization, so $0.15 is the assumed spread, are you assuming that you still have the same amount of capacity allocated for optimization in the second half of the year?
John Gibson: Yes.
Robert Martinovich: Yes.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay.
Robert Martinovich: All right.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: The second question is as it relates to thinking about pricing fractionation services, can you give us the sense of on a per gallon basis where that market is moving to? And, well, Ill just leave it at that.
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean I can give you a range but it depends too on the specific need of the producer, and the producer-specific situation and whether that producer is also securing pipeline transportation capacity as well as fractionations. But I can give you a range. Its somewhere in that $0.04 to $0.05 a gallon range for a frac. Its pretty much the market and its inching higher but you got this new fracs that have been announced and I think thats probably helping to keep it from going significantly higher.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay.
Terry Spencer: So, dependent upon where you are, its going to be $0.04 to $0.05 a gallon pretty consistently.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay. For you to allocate more of your capacity away from optimization, one would assume that you would need something substantially higher than $0.05 a gallon in order to do that.
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean when we think about optimization we think about transportation capacity between Conway and Belvieu. And so we look at that  we try not to get into any sort of cross subsidy between fractionation and pipeline capacity. So when we look at pipeline capacity we look at the spreads, we look at the cost to build. Its probably the bigger factor in setting a north-south rate. So whatll happen is as we increase our contracting on Sterling III as we move forward, well -as we increase our contracting, we will displace and squeeze down that optimization capacity.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Did that help you?
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: No, it does. And then getting back to Johns commentary on the acquisition market, what characteristics do you think are required to see additional acquisitions? By that I mean, one could argue that may be Southern Union was management getting older and deciding to cash out. Others would be perhaps somebody gets into liquidity problems, so theyre forced to sell. What kind of conditions do you think are going to push us to see further acquisitions going forward?
John Gibson: Well, in addition to those that you mentioned, I think it continues to be looking at, if youll let me use this word, potential targets that fit, in our case, our business models. So companies that have distribution assets as well as MLP qualified assets and our bet is that in discussing with those managements we can deliver a greater shareholder value by having those assets a part of the ONEOK family as opposed to where they currently reside now. Thats pretty subjective and its obviously not necessary to always welcome, but those are kind of the, some of the criteria that were looking for and of course, yeah, you talk about more opportunistic, keep an eye on the thermometer and see whether or not people are healthy or unhealthy which we do as well. But the key thing for us in the screening process is first deciding who fits our model.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Just to push it, John, I mean from my sense is, I understand from your perspective but you also have to have  you dont necessarily have to have but willing seller, but it seems to me that its being more motivated from the buyer side of the equation than necessarily from the seller side in terms of future acquisitions above and beyond what were seeing with Southern Union.
John Gibson: I could tell you from personal experience over the last five years that is absolutely correct.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks for that, John. And then the last question gets to just risk management and how do you think  and youve gone over this before so I apologize, but how do you think about potential overbuilding going forward and within that context how are you trying to structure your contracts so you dont have everybody hitting the wall at the same time having to renegotiate the contracts?
John Gibson: Primarily through term and commitment towards our capital investment and were willing to give up, if you will, capacity that we might use for optimization to get that assurance. So, as Terry mentioned and I think part one of your question or somebodys question, were willing to trade optimization capacity for fixed fee-based earnings relative to our investment.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
John Gibson: Yes.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Yves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Payne, Wells Fargo.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: How are you doing guys?
John Gibson: Hello, Ross.
Terry Spencer: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: I guess the biggest question Ive got was factoring in DCPs new pipeline, NGL pipeline is first and foremost, how much of DCPs volumes are currently moving on your pipelines NGL-wise and how do you see the transition if and when that happens to their new pipeline that they proposed if thats in your cash presence?
Terry Spencer: Yves  Ross, Im sorry. Were not going to, we wont get into talking specifically about customers that we may have in their volumes. But what I can say about that pipeline is they will over a period of time gradually move some of their  increase their movement of equity volumes they own on that pipeline, okay. So, there will be primarily  and that would be, from what we can tell, their primary driver, okay. Well be focused on moving third-party barrels providing our full integrated enhanced connectivity. Well be in a position to provide a full range of services for our customers. So, when I look at that project, its very  and I look at DCPs pipeline, its very equity volume focused. Well be very focus on third parties. And we believe well be advantaged primarily because our long history, long reliable operating history.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: Okay. And just so you expect to obviously more than make up for that over time as well as those volumes roll-off and fill into your pipelines?
John Gibson: Ross, I think what Terry is telling you is that in our plans for Sterling III we do not anticipate DCP barrels.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: Okay. Perfect.
John Gibson: And so DCP is kind of on their own.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: Got you. Okay, thats great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Dan Harrison: Yes, Craig, if we can limit and the rest of the people in the queue to one question so we can get to everyone that would be terrific.
Craig Shere  Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I have a bad reputation. Actually, Ross had the question I wanted to discuss, so you can move on. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Tysseland with Citigroup.
John Tysseland  Citigroup Global Markets: Hi, guys. Just one quick fundamental kind of broader question. How does increasing propane exports out of the Gulf Coast impact the Conway market relative to Mont Belvieu market? Have you seen any changes in the market since thats been happening and does that put kind of maybe offset your thought that the basis between the two basins comes back down?
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean certainly it does have an impact but not a major impact. And what the big driver when you look at the Conway to Belvieu basis is not so much imports or exports out of Belvieu. Its more seasonal as it relates to Conway, how hard a pull are you going to get in the Conway marketplace and how that impacts the spread. The spread is going to be primarily driven by ethane, okay, thats the product thats taking up the most capacity moving south. Propane, not as significant. So it will have  the import-export will have some impact but not like seasonal impact will have on the propane spread.
John Tysseland  Citigroup Global Markets: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: Thanks. My question was answered. Thank you.
John Gibson: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Gundlach with First Eagle Investments.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle Investment Management LLC: Good morning, John. Let me flip the question around, one of the things thats obviously driving SUGs sale is that they may be disadvantaged with respect to maintaining market share in a more shale-oriented environment and you could say the same things about your pipelines in some ways and youre seeing it in the results. So while you might be interested in buying assets for sale, might you also be interested in selling assets if these are the prices being paid for pipelines that may or may not be competitively advantaged?
John Gibson: Well, I think thats true for any asset that you own that you have to always be aware of that position, of the position of those assets in the market place and the best example I can think of are Powder River, gathering systems as an example. But you got to have somebodys interest in buying them at a decent price. But yes, absolutely, Andrew.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle Investment Management LLC: And is the MLP structure, is it, make it  from a tax perspective mostly but others may be Im not thinking of, is it making  is it easy to sell things that were  if the price were there, are these assets easily sold?
John Gibson: Well, weve been able to buy, I mean, we bought assets into the MLP from the other MLPs and so our counterparties worked through that issue. I think it makes it more complex but I think its doable, its achievable.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle Investment Management LLC: Thanks for taking the question.
John Gibson: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, everybody, and very much appreciate the time here. Just the last question I have with everything is maybe just to the OKE level on the energy services, and understanding that you guys dont want to comment on 2012, is there anything hedged at this point for 2012 on either the transportation or the storage front?
John Gibson: Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Yes, we do have some storage hedged in 2012, not quite as much as we do in  its around 43% in storage and around 20% in transport.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: And would those have been like recent hedges or perhaps maybe its spreads from late 2010 for instance?
Pierce Norton: Theyve been more back in time.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Pierce Norton: And they were put on over a period of time.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks guys.
John Gibson: You bet, Carl.
Operator: Our last question comes from Jack Moore with Harpswell Capital.
Jack Moore  Harpswell Capital Management LLC: Good morning, and I think most of my questions are answered. But while I have you, I was wondering if you could comment on the legislation in Oklahoma regarding Directors and just how that came about? I think on Chesapeakes call, they indicated that they were consulted and played a role to some degree. And I was wondering, were you guys cognizant of the bill being developed and what your thoughts are on it a going forward?
John Gibson: Well, I made some comments earlier about that legislation. So to answer your question directly, we were not consulted. And the legislation was put together in the last few hours of the legislation, and we were not consulted.
Jack Moore  Harpswell Capital Management LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good quarter.
John Gibson: Yes. Thank you very much.
Dan Harrison: Well, thank you, everyone. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners call. As a reminder our quiet period for the third quarter will start when we close our books in early October, and will extend until earnings are released after the market closes on November 1. Our third quarter conference call is scheduled for November 2. We will provide additional third quarter conference call information at a later date. The annual ONEOK, ONEOK Partners Investor Day is scheduled for Tuesday, September 27 in New York. Several save-the-date notices have already been mailed to you and well be following up with additional information, times and meeting room locations in the next few weeks. Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day to handle your follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison  VP, IR and Public Affairs John Gibson  Vice Chairman, President and CEO Rob Martinovich  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Terry Spencer  COO, ONEOK Partners Pierce Norton  COO
Analysts: Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley Craig Shere  Calyon Securities Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs John Tysseland  Citigroup Michael Blum  Wells Fargo Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse Monroe Helm  Barrow Hanley Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle Bernie Colson  Oppenheimer Rick Gross  Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and thank you for your patience. You joined the first quarter 2011 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us. A reminder that any statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOKs Vice Chairman, President and CEO and ONEOK Partners Chairman, President and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thanks Dan. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your continued interested and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me today are Rob Martinovich, Chief Financial Officer of both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; Terry Spencer, ONEOK Partners Chief Operating Officer; and Pierce Norton, ONEOKs Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, I would like to make a few comments about our announcement two days ago to build a new NGL pipeline and fractionator. Then, I will briefly review our first quarter performance, discuss our 2011 earnings guidance, turn things over to Rob, Terry and Pierce to review our financial and operating results in more detail, and then make a few final comments before taking your questions. Our decision to build a new pipeline between Medford, Oklahoma and Mont Belvieu, Texas and a new fractionators at Mont Belvieu was driven by a market demand, in particular from producers, processors and petrochemical companies. This new pipeline project will alleviate the infrastructure constraints that currently exists for producers and processors in the Mid-Continent and limit the ability of NGLs to get from the Mid-Continent to the Gulf Coast. We will also build additional fractionation capacity on the Gulf Coast to serve the growing NGL feedstock needs of petrochemical companies. Both projects are yet another extension of our NGL infrastructure and will provide producers, processors, and customers with the critical services needed to monetize their respective investments and meet their customers needs. Terry will provide additional information about these new NGL investments and we will answer your questions later in the call. Now, lets talk about our first quarter results. We had a successful quarter at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, while continuing to meet some challenges in the marketplace. ONEOK Partners first quarter performance was exceptional, posting an 80% earnings increase from last years first quarter. These strong results were led by our natural gas liquids business, which benefited from favorable natural gas liquids price differentials and having more fractionation and transportation capacity available to use for optimization activities. In spite of extremely cold weather and record snowfalls as well as some NGL market disruptions caused by fire at a competitors facility, our assets and people performed extremely well. The partnership continues to benefit from the new assets built during our $2 billion growth program that was completed in 2009. And we are executing on the next tranche of growth projects that Terry will discuss later. Our ONEOK Distribution segment performed as expected, but was adversely impacted by higher operating costs, primarily due to higher share-based compensation expenses in the quarter that Rob will explain in a few minutes. Energy services had a good quarter in a very difficult industry environment. Seasonal storage and location price differentials remained extremely narrow and were mitigated somewhat by our ability to place hedges. As we stated in our news release, we are reaffirming our financial guidance for the year at ONEOK and at ONEOK Partners. We believe the continued strong performance at ONEOK Partners will offset lower expected results and energy services. Due to current and projected market conditions, we now expect energy services 2011 operating income to be at the low end of the earnings range of $75 million to $125 million, which is the range we announced in 2009 with our plan to reduce our contracted storage and transportation capacity. Seasonal storage and location differentials are not where we expected them to be, and with the continued oversupply of natural gas, we dont expect them to improve significantly during the rest of the year, absent of course a weather-related event. Pierce will explain energy services performance and outlook in more detail. Rob will now review ONEOK Partners financial highlights, and then we will ask Terry to review the partnerships operating performance. Rob?
Rob Martinovich: Thanks John and good morning to everyone. In the first quarter ONEOK Partners reported net income of $151 million or $1.16 per unit compared with last years first quarter net income of $84 million of $0.57 per unit, an 80% year-over-year increase. Distributable cash flow in the first quarter was $185 million, a 51% increase compared with first quarter 2010, resulted in a coverage ratio of 1.30 times. We reaffirmed the partnerships 2011 net income guidance in the range of $525 million to $575 million, with distributable cash flow in the range of $625 million to $675 million. We expect the partnerships interest expense to be approximately $12 million higher compared with what we announced in January. This amount will be offset by a projected $12 million increase in equity earnings for Overland Pass Pipeline. This line item shift reflects financing of Overland Pass Pipeline at the ONEOK Partners level versus at the joint venture level that we assumed in our initial 2011 financial guidance Pending Board approval, the partnership anticipates increasing the distribution of $0.01 per quarter for the remainder of 2011, building on the first quarter of 2011 distribution increase to $1.15 per unit to be paid this month, which marks the 18th distribution increase since ONEOK became sole general partner five years ago, a 44% increase. We have hedges in place to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the naturals gas gathering and processing segment, which is the most sensitive to commodity price changes. For the remainder of 2011, we have hedged 68% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average of $1.40 per gallon and 78% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.60 per MMBtu. For 2012, approximately 52% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $1.82 per gallon. For 2013, we have hedged approximately 5% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $2.55 per gallon. In January, we completed an offering of $1.3 billion of senior notes consisting of $650 million of five-year senior notes at a coupon of 3.25% and $650 million of 30-year senior notes at a coupon of 6.125%, generating net proceeds of approximately $1.28 billion. As a result of the debt offering, we repaid all of our outstanding commercial paper and the $225 million senior notes that were due in March 2011 and we will use the remaining funds for general partnership purposes, including our 2011 capital spending program. At the end of the first quarter, we had $617 million [ph] in cash and no commercial paper for borrowings outstanding under the $1 billion revolving credit agreement that expires in 2012. On March 31st, the partnership had a debt-to-capital ratio of 54% and debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.2. The majority of the Sterling III and Mont Belvieu-2 projects estimated capital expenditures will be in 2012 and 2013, with a minimal amount in 2011. Therefore, we do not anticipate any additional financing this year, but we will continue to monitor the capital markets and be prepared to take advantage of any opportunities. Now, Terry will review the partnerships operating performance.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Rob and good morning. The partnership had an exceptional first quarter. Operating income increased almost 50% compared with the first quarter of 2010, driven primarily by higher optimization margins in the natural gas liquids segment due to higher NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu and increased fractionation and transportation capacity available for NGL optimization activities as a result of a large frac-only contract that expired in September of last year. Earnings also increased as a result of contract renegotiations for our exchange service activities in our NGL business as well as higher commodity prices in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. I will briefly discuss the operating performance for the three segments, followed by a review of the current NGL market environment and close with a status report on our growth projects. The natural gas gathering and processing segments first quarter financial results were higher than the same period in 2010 due primarily to higher net realized commodity prices and changes in contract terms. Processed volumes were down slightly due primarily to adjustments to drilling schedules by Western Oklahoma producer and weather-related outages offset partially by increased drilling activity in the Bakken Shale. Gathered volumes were lower due to continued production declines in the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, adjustments to drilling schedules by adjustments to drilling schedules by a Western Oklahoma producer and weather-related outages, offset partially by increased drilling activity in the Bakken Shale. Although natural gas gathered and processed volumes were down in the quarter, we still expect to achieve the volume estimates we communicated to you at the beginning of the year, processed volumes to be up 11% and gathered volumes to be up 5%, with growth in the Cana-Woodford Shale more than offsetting declines in the Powder River Basin at Wyoming. Now, moving to our natural gas pipeline segment. First quarter results were slightly lower. Transportation margins were down approximately 4% due to decreased contracted activity on Mid-Western and less interruptible volumes due to narrower regional natural gas price differentials. As a reminder, approximately 84% of our pipelines subscribed capacity directly serves end users such as natural gas distribution companies and electric generators that need gas to operate their businesses regardless of regional price differentials. And approximately 90% of our pipeline and storage capacity is contracted under long-term firm contracts. Northern Borders earnings were up almost 40% due to an increase in contracted capacity from continued strong Mid-West market demand, with most if not all of Northern Borders capacity contracted through March of 2012. Now, lets move to our natural gas liquids segment. The segment benefited from more available fractionation and transportation capacity for optimization activities and favorable NGL price differentials. Contract renegotiations associated with our exchange service activities also helped earnings. The first quarter Conway-to-Mont Belvieu ethane price differential was $0.15 per gallon compared with $0.08 for the same period in 2010. We fractionated approximately 488,000 net barrels per day, almost 90% of capacity, further evidence of how tight frac capacity. We expect it to remain tight, but gradually improve as new frac capacity comes online over the next couple of years. Fractionated volumes were relatively flat in the quarter due primarily to weather-related outages in the Mid-Continent and an unplanned outage at Mont Belvieu. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were 397,000 barrels per day and reflect the exclusion of Overland Pass volumes because of its deconsolidation last September. If you back out the Overland Pass barrels for the comparable quarter last year, volumes were up as a result of increased volumes gathered on the Arbuckle Pipeline and in the Mid-Continent. Arbuckle volumes have increased over 150,000 barrels per day. Current Arbuckle capacity is approximately 180,000 barrels per day, increasing to 240,000 barrels per day in 2012. The pipeline remains well positioned to accommodate NGL volume growth from Rockies, Mid-Continent and Barnett Shale production growth for the rest of the year, helped by more fractionation capacity in Mont Belvieu when the fractionation service agreement with Targa gives us access to 60,000 barrels per day of additional fractionation capacity. Arbuckle Pipeline has emerged as a key connector of Mid-Continent NGL production to Gulf Coast NGL fractionation. Accordingly, Arbuckle has expanded our Mid-Continent to Gulf Coast optimization capability and allowed us to capture more location class differential opportunities. However, Arbuckle capacity is primarily earmarked for NGL supply growth from new natural gas processing plant development in the Oklahoma and Texas Panhandle unconventional resource plays. We will talk more about Mid-Continent to Gulf Coast capacity needs in a moment. Now, a brief summary of the NGL market. On the demand side, the petrochemical industry continues to find ways to consume more ethane due to its strong price advantage oil-based feedstocks. Accordingly, we see strong ethane demand from the petrochemical as the ethane to crude ratio remains relatively low and regional processing and NGL infrastructure expansions will continue to be needed. The recent announcements of petrochemical plant restarts expansions and development of new world-class petrochemical plants is further evidence of the growing need over the next three to five years for price advantaged light end NGLs such as ethane and propane for feedstocks. On the supply, producers continued focus on liquids-rich plays such as the Bakken, Cana-Woodford, Granite Wash, and the Eagle Ford Shales. While NGL growth continues at a rapid pace, much of the growth and volumes offsets the inherent natural decline rate of the base natural gas production, which exceeds 20% per year and getting steeper according to some experts. Now, a few comments on the sale of several growth projects. On Monday, we announced we are building a new NGL pipeline and fractionators. These projects, the 570-mile Sterling III Pipeline and the Mont Belvieu-2 fractionators will provide greatly needed infrastructure will alleviate capacity constraints between Conway and Mont Belvieu as well as provide capacity to serve Mid-Continent NGL supply growth. The new Sterling III pipeline doubles our current NGL capacity between Medford, Oklahoma and the Mont Belvieu markets. In conjunction with the reconfiguration of the existing Sterling I and II pipelines, the new pipeline will enhance our ability to transport unfractionated NGLs and products by providing us the flexibility to move multiple products through either of the Sterling Pipelines. Given our view of the new NGL supply development in the Mid-Continent and elsewhere, we are confident in our ability to fill the pipeline and our fractionator, which would come online in 2013. Now, an update on our previously announced projects. As we execute on another major capital spending program, we remain focused on applying the lessons learned from our last series of projects to ensure better cost and schedule management. While our contractors are important to the overall success of these projects, its our employees who are the difference makers during the construction phase, and we plan to have more of our employees on the ground this time around. We have also applied our lessons learnt to the regulatory and route planning process. We have used fixed price turnkey construction contracts on all three processing plants, have already purchased the steel pipe for the Bakken NGL pipeline, minimized winter construction periods and have a more favorable construction labor environment, which helps keep costs down. That does not mean we wont face potential challenges with weather and construction labor housing and other issues that inevitably surface during construction. Accordingly, we have included contingency costs in our estimates. In aggregate, we plan to invest approximately $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion in Bakken Shale related projects to build midstream infrastructure, allowing producers who have dedicated their volumes to our systems to fully monetize their oil and natural gas reserves. Acreage dedicated to our systems under long-term gas supply contracts has grown steadily to approximately 1.7 million acres today. Our gathering and processing growth projects include three 100 million cubic feet per day of natural gas processing plants, the Garden Creek plant and related infrastructure and the Stateline I and II plants, which will quadruple our processing capacity in the region to nearly 400 million cubic per day. We are full steam ahead constructing the Garden Creek plant and are progressing through the permitting process for the Stateline I and II plants. And we are currently on schedule and within our proved capital budget. Our NGL infrastructure projects related to the Bakken growth which include the 500-plus miles 60,000 barrels per day Bakken Pipeline are in various stages of development, engineering, design, procurement and write-away acquisition, and all are progressing within our expected timelines and capital budgets. In addition to growth projects we have already announced, we are continuing to evaluate a lengthy backlog of natural gas and NGL-related infrastructure projects including investments in natural gas pipelines and NGL storage facilities. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry and congratulations to you and Sheridan and Curtis for an outstanding quarter. At this time, we will ask Rob to review the financial performance of ONEOK and then we will pass it to Pierce for him to review the operating performance of ONEOK. Rob?
Rob Martinovich: Thanks John. ONEOKs first quarter net income was $130 million or $1.19 per diluted share compared with $155 million or $1.44 per diluted share in the same period last year. Operating costs were higher primarily due to increased share-based compensation costs as well as increased employee benefit costs and higher property taxes in the ONEOK Partners segment. Share-based compensation costs include stocks issued to employees and Directors under the companys long-term incentive plans and our employee stock award program that awards one share of stock each time ONEOK stock closes at or above a new $1 benchmark. The program began in 2004 to reward employees for their contributions to the companys success. Since then, we have awarded 44 shares of stock and in the first quarter, we awarded 11 shares of stock at a cost of $5 million. ONEOKs first quarter 2011 standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $117 million. This includes the benefit of bonus depreciation we recorded as a result of federal income tax legislation. Bonus depreciation will continue to benefit us throughout 2011. As general partner and significant limited partner owner, ONEOK received $80 million in distributions from the partnership for the first quarter of 2011, a 10% increase from the same period last year. At the partnerships planned 2011 distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately $328 million in distribution this year, an 8% increase over 2010. ONEOKs income tax is on the distributions from the LP units it owns are deferred, contributing to ONEOKs strong free cash flow. ONEOKs liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the first quarter, on a standalone basis, we had no short-term debt, $1.2 billion available on our existing credit facilities, $253 million of cash and cash equivalents and $174 million of natural gas and storage. In April 2011, we repaid $400 million of maturing senior notes of available cash and borrowings from our commercial paper program. And last month, we completed a new five-year $1.2 billion unsecured senior revolving credit facility replacing one that was to expire in June. Our standalone long-term and total debt-to-capitalization ratios at March were 38%. ONEOKs significant free cash flow and excellent liquidity position give us tremendous financial flexibility. As you know, the Board authorized a $750 million share repurchase program for 2013 with an annual maximum of $300 million. To date, we have not purchased any shares, but continued to evaluate the opportunity to do so. This authorization is another option to return value to shareholders. However, we also have other alternatives such as acquisitions, increasing our investment in ONEOK Partners or further increasing dividends. Our 2011 guidance anticipates dividend increases of $0.04 per share twice a year during 2011. We increased the dividend in January and the Board will consider another one in July. This is consistent with our forecasted 50% to 60% dividend increase between 2011 and 2013. We are reaffirming ONEOKs 2011 net income guidance in the range of $325 million to $360 million. We expect higher earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment that will offset the lower expected earnings in the energy services segment that John mentioned earlier. Our financial guidance reflects standalone free cash flow of $235 million to $275 million, which includes the benefit from the bonus depreciation I mentioned earlier. This range does not include any share repurchases. So, obviously, if we were to repurchase shares under our authorized program, free cash flow would be reduced. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOKs operating performance.
Pierce Norton: Thanks Rob and good morning everyone. Lets start with our distribution segment. First quarter 2011 earnings were lower primarily because of higher operating costs. As Rob mentioned in his comments, operating expenses were higher this quarter due to share-based compensation costs. Because the distribution segment has most of ONEOKs employees, it experienced the largest portion of the share-based compensation cost, which accounted for $4.6 million of the quarter-over-quarter operating expense difference. Depreciation expense was higher due to our investment in automated meter reading devices in Oklahoma last year. We also had higher regulatory amortization expense because of various revenue writer recovery mechanisms, net margin was relatively unchanged compared with the same period last year. Natural gas volumes were lower in the first quarter due to warmer weather compared with the same period in 2010, however, this decrease was moderated by weather normalization mechanism. Now, a brief regulatory update. In February, Oklahoma Natural Gas submitted its first annual performance-based rate filing. The application does not seek any modifications to customer rates that were put in place in January 2010, since Oklahoma Natural Gas return on equity is within the range approved by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission. Texas Gas Service made its annual gas reliability infrastructure program filing in the city of Austin and surrounding communities for approximately $1.6 million. If approved, the new rates will become effective in June. We continue our efforts to grow our rate base by investing in projects that provide benefits to our customers and our shareholders. We expect to invest $25 million this year to continue installing automated meters. To date, we have completed 31% of this years planned installations in areas of Oklahoma and Texas that will result in the quickest recovery of expenses and return on capital as well as reduce expenses. Our 2010 investment of $31 million to install automated meters in Tulsa and Oklahoma City resulted in approximately 57% of Oklahoma Naturals residential customers having automated meters. These meters are safer, more accurate and more efficient, while allowing us to earn a return on these investments, creating a win-win for the customers and the company. Now, lets turn to energy services. As expected our first quarter results were lower compared with the same quarter in 2010. This was driven primarily by lower realized seasonal storage natural gas price differentials, a decrease in transportation margins net of hedging, predominantly due to narrower Mid-Continent to Gulf Coast price differentials and a reduction in premium service margins. Let me provide you some perspective on the market this year versus last year. We experienced wider seasonal storage price differentials in the first quarter last year compared with the first quarter this year. We also were able to place more hedges on locational differentials affecting our transportation positions for last years first quarter. Because there was ample liquidity in the marketplace in 2008, in early 2009 with these hedges in place for 2010. Since then, liquidity and volatility have been extremely limited and it has been difficult to place forward hedges. This years business environment is extremely challenging. The increase in transportation top line capacity in recent years combined with an oversupply of situation from shale plays has narrowed significantly location and seasonal differentials from where they have been in the past years. As John mentioned earlier, we expect our 2011 operating income to be towards the low end of the $75 million to $125 million range we announced when we began our transportation and storage capacity realignment effort in 2009. For the remainder of 2011, we have hedged approximately 47% of our transportation margins and 54% of our storage margins. We plan to execute additional transportation and storage hedges based on the forward view of the market and the availability of market liquidity. We have a plan to deliver earnings despite the flat forward gas price curves and low volatility. We plan to maintain our existing premium service customers while adding new ones, maximize earnings through effective optimization activities, grow our market share over the electric generation customers and work for producers to nuclear supply in constrained areas. We continue to make progress on realignment of our storage and transportation capacities to meet the requirements of our premium service customers. As of April 30th, we currently have 72.6 Bcf of storage capacity under lease close to our goal of 65 Bcf by the end of 2012. And 1 Bcf per day of long-term transportation capacity with a goal of 1.1, 1.0 Bcf [ph] per day by the end of 2012. A quick update on pipeline safety. At the beginning of this year, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration issued an advisory bulletin about the establishment of maximum allowable operating pressure or MAOP for regulated pipelines. This advisory required pipeline operators to rely on design construction, inspection, testing and other related historic data to determine MAOPs to verify and validate the accuracy and completeness of these records. All of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners business segments recently initiated their reviews for pipeline data and documentation used to establish our pipeline MAOPs. And we will be validating that information as we go forward with this process. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce and congratulations to you also on a great quarter as well as Caron and Patrick, all doing the right things in a difficult market environment. Now, a couple of final comments before we take your questions. We are confident of our 2011 financial guidance ranges for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. We expect ONEOK Partners strong performance in the first quarter with expected volume growth to continue throughout the year and offset lower anticipated results in energy services. As Pierce mentioned, energy services has a path forward in a very difficult market consisting of tighter seasonal storage and basis spreads and lower price volatility, all due to the oversupply of natural gas because of the emergence of shale plays. However, the shale plays have benefited ONEOK Partners, affording us the opportunity to invest capital to build critical gathering and processing and natural gas liquids infrastructure, to serve natural gas producers, processors and customers. The abundance of natural gas has also brought price stability to consumers making natural gas a preferred and environmentally attractive fuel for home heating, electric power generation and in certain applications, transportation. Lower natural gas prices also make the NGLs coming from these shale plays very attractive feedstocks for the petrochemical industry. As illustrated by the expansions Terry just mentioned, thats good for us, but more importantly, its good for the country. And the overall global competitiveness of the U.S. petrochemical industry and why we are so enthusiastic about natural gas liquids supply and demand. We are on track, both cost and timing with our projects. As Terry mentioned, we have applied the lessons learned from our first set of projects, which will benefit from our overall project execution. In all of our projects which now total almost $3 billion with the new ones we announced this week are consistent with our vision to create value for our customers and investors, enabling us to grow earnings and provide our owners with attractive returns. And of course, finally, I would like to thank our employees across more than a dozen states for their dedication and commitment, which create value everyday for our investors and customers. I appreciate their efforts and know that our success as a company depends on their contributions. At this time, we are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Stephen Maresca of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Thanks and good morning everybody.
John Gibson: Hi Steve.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: My first question is on the petrochemical demand side and if you could provide some color as to, how sustainable you think this shift is with lot of the announcements coming out of (inaudible) and Lyondell. Do you see any shift in behavior where they are maybe willing to buy off-take under long-term agreements, and what is ethane prices hovering near 90% due into that view?
John Gibson: I will let Terry answer that in a more detail, but clearly, with the recent announcements, Dow and others, its a clear indication that just by the size of the investments that they foresee competitive, they see ethane prices favorably priced relative to alternative feedstocks, which obviously provided us a lot of confidence to move forward with our recently announced project. Terry, do you have any specifics, you would like to add?
Terry Spencer: Yes, Steve, specifically with respect to the change in behavior, clearly the pet chems are wanting to talk about longer-term types of arrangements. Those arrangements can come in a number of different forms. They can address pricing, they can address dedication. Those are the kinds of conversations we have not had with them historically. They typically have been a short-term buyer of ethane. Given these large capital investments, it absolutely takes a long-term view. They have to have a long-term point of view in order to make these investments work. And they clearly are getting more and more comfortable with supply. I think that some of this talk about longer term contracts may be a bit overblown. I think they have and are getting more confident in the supply picture, so they dont absolutely have to have long-term supply contracts for ethane to make these things work. I think they are kind of sort of realizing that. They are getting more confident as the NGL infrastructure like these projects we recently announced continue to get built. That is the endorsement of the supply, thats whats providing them with some comfort. So, clearly they are thinking differently than they have in the past thats of course beneficial to us.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks for that. And then secondly, on the supply side, how much more fractionation do you think is needed above and beyond whats been announced, and as a subset to that, is there ethane or raw NGL that are just waiting to be fracked right now in certain areas or are we needing to produce to actually continue to ramp up to meet all of this new fractionation capacity thats coming online?
Pierce Norton: Steve, I will answer that in reverse, because I probably already forgot the first question.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay, sorry.
Pierce Norton: There is ethane laying in the weeds if you will from plants that want to upgrade and take deep extraction. There are plants that we are having or producers of NGLs that we are having discussions with as we speak that have very sizeable conversions where they could extract more ethane. So, you dont necessarily have to depend on a ramp-up in order to get some pretty sizeable chunks of ethane. There is going to be a ramp-up. We are talking to at least 17 potential processing plants and plant expansions across the Mid-Continent and thats driving a lot of this infrastructure need. So, there is going to be ample supply of ethane to meet this petrochemical companies needs. And what was the first question?
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: I was just, if you had an estimate of above whats been announced in Mont Belvieu and your guess is over the next three years, what is the additional fractionation capacity needs?
John Gibson: Well, this can kind of give you a benchmark. Our point of view is that in the U.S., we expect at least 200,000 barrels a day of incremental ethane demand. When you put that on an NGL, you make an assumption about a 50% ethane content, thats 400,000 barrels a day. You are going to need some frac capacity in order to meet that need. So, that gives you some indication. When you look at, you can do the math, you can look at enterprises announcements, you look at our announcement, I think you could argue, we are still going to be a bit short. So, there is likely going to have to be more capacity built to meet the needs.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Rob Martinovich: Steve, the only thing I would add to that is, and Terry test on it, dont lose side of the fact of the decline that we face. And then the second thing is I believe his conversations with 17 different plants is probably just an estimate.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. We wont print that. All right. Thanks a lot everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Shere. Your line is open.
Craig Shere  Calyon Securities: Hi, couple of questions, on energy services, could we speak to, whether the $59 million or $60 million in premium service revenue for the year is now a little high and what the prospects are looking forward on that as we think about new customers going forward? And couple of other questions right after that.
John Gibson: Okay. Pierce, you want to handle that?
Pierce Norton: Yes, Craig, we still think that, that is actually in our range, that the stress that we are kind of coming off on really is more the locational spread stuff which is affecting the transportation side of the business and the seasonal spread which is the storage side, but we are still hanging in there with our premium service business.
Craig Shere  Calyon Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. And on the tax situation, I just want to make sure I understand, are you all saying that the OKS LP and GP distributions to OKE are completely tax deferred for the LP distribution but of course the GP distribution would be taxed to your top marginal rate?
John Gibson: Thats correct.
Craig Shere  Calyon Securities: Okay, so thats pretty good. Your basis must not be too low on OKS. And one more question regarding OKS NGL and ethane equity volumes moving forward, if I understand, excluding the optimization capacity you have, you got PLP benefit or exposure in your growth projects of Stateline I and II and Garden Creek plants, but beyond that, what motto would be driving equity volumes? Would there be a point at which there is more ethane extraction on the associated gas from the Bakken, could you talk that through?
Terry Spencer: And hopefully this answers your question. When we justified these projects, we justified them based upon extraction of propane plus, that is actually no ethane extraction, okay. And it really has been until we approved Bakken NGL pipeline that we considered extracting ethane. So now, with the Bakken pipeline at and anticipate extracting ethane at those plants and we are also looking at the possibility of taking ethane up into Canada, okay. Now, when you look at the equity makeup or the waiting of commodity risk on these projects versus fee, what you are going to see is we are going to increase our commodity exposure, because these are percent of proceeds contracts, and we are going to be, these projects are going to be about 75% NGL-driven revenues with the balance being fee-based. The Bakken pipeline itself will be fee-based. So, hopefully that at least answered part of your question.
Craig Shere  Calyon Securities: Yes. So, I guess fee-based is driving increases or leverage or synergy with the percent of proceeds businesses and so as your fee base goes up, you are going to see some drivers in terms of commodity exposure. Are you looking at currently in the Bakken, is it similar to the Marcellus in the wet gas area where people are just blending as much as possible because obviously the ethane is worth less up there, and what is the point of no return where that option for producers runs up?
John Gibson: Its significantly different than the Marcellus, and whats happening in the Bakken, that gas is so rich, its not even possible to blend that raw gas because its 1,500 Btu gas, it contains 13 GPM, the natural gas liquids. You cant even consider blending it. Whats happening is the gas is being flared at the well hedge by the producers until all this infrastructure gets built. So, their considerable volumes being flared and obviously thats a strong economic driver for the producers to get these wells connected and get their gas committed to processor as soon as possible.
Craig Shere  Calyon Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. You had really good results in your natural gas liquids segment. I am just wondering if you can, first of call, quantify how much of that $0.15 basis differential helped in the quarter? And then just thinking about the new Sterling Pipeline that you are going to build, do you expect that basis to really narrow significantly? Would you keep some of that capacity opening for yourself to optimize or would you contract it all out?
John Gibson: The answer to your last two questions is yes. So, the basis will come in and we are going to have capacity for other, okay. As far as the optimization contribution, in the earnings release, we talked about and quantified approximately how much of that was spread-driven. So, its there even in the earnings release for optimization.
Terry Spencer: I think it was about $55 million 
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: $55 million, developed just on basis, if there was other, anything else going on in there?
Terry Spencer: A majority of that is on basis.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Its on basis, okay. Okay, thats great. So, you would expect the basis sort of $0.05 or $0.10 kind of where you can still be in 2013, once the new pipe is built or ?
John Gibson: What I will tell you is, is that the market is indicating to us and I am not going to tell you what that is, but the market is indicating to us the long-term value of that capacity, okay. And that long-term value of that capacity is lower, significantly lower than the spread thats currently printing in the market today.
Rob Martinovich: Thats the trade-off for us. I mean, we are in the business providing services to producers, processors and are downstream customers are pet chem. So, we will exchange, we will create this capacity which will reduce the spreads, but in exchange to that, we will have fee-based business and make our business much more stable going forward.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Sure. Okay. If I can just have on hedging, you had a lot of NGL hedges in 2012, are you directionally worried about where prices are going or are you just kind of wondered locks the margin since its now you have a lot more CapEx coming to you on a stabilized cash flow? Sorry to hear about the hedging that you just did.
John Gibson: I think that is true. We looked at those prices in 2012 relative to our point of view. Some of the literature, the people are a lot smarter than us, put out there, and we deemed that those were good prices and thought we should take them off the table. And yes, we anticipated these project announcements, the need for some certainty as to locking down future earnings that also influenced us.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then if I could ask just one more just on the share buyback at the OKE level. You are going to be having a lot of accretion from all, being partners and projects. I am assuming you will fund them all at that level. So, presumably you are going to have a lot more free cash flow even more coming up to the OKE level. I am just wondering when do you kind of, we havent gone forward yet with the buyback, but what would you need to see to have the visibility actually go forward with?
Rob Martinovich: Its not so much what we need to see as much as  and of course, I surely cant give you specific information, as much as the alternatives for those, for that cash. And it cant be too specific about what we wanted to do with it, but thats the trade-off. And so, we continue to look at that almost daily relative to the other opportunities we have for either acquisitions or increasing dividends, but I probably cant go much beyond that.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Those are my questions. Thanks.
John Gibson: Yes, thank you, Ted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Tysseland of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Hi guys, good morning.
John Gibson: Hello John.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: OKS has now posted I guess two strong quarters following the legacy contracts that rolled over in the third quarter. Now, for the second quarter, you will have new frac capacity available to you in the Gulf Coast through the Cedar Bayou expansion. How do you think about this new capacity? Do you expect to fill it pretty almost immediately and does that increase your optimization opportunities?
John Gibson: John, yes. We do expect to fill it immediately. We actually already delivering barrels as we speak into the frac, not at full capacity, but they are still in the process, are still in the process of starting that fractionators. And yes, that we anticipate filling that 60,000 barrels a day capacity and it will in fact help our optimization activity.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: So, then, how do you think about, you kind of spoke to this a little bit in a question before, but how do you think of that existing optimization opportunities and balancing your kind of long-term contract business, is there a preferred mix that you kind of want to stick with over the next couple of years as we go through this buildout process?
John Gibson: John, not really. We have not targeted a specific percentage. I think historically we have run in that 12% to 13% range of course with this spread environment, its stepped to the 25% range of our gross margin. Probably something in that range is going to be fine with us. One of the things that will of course factor into whether we optimize more or less of course is what the market and i.e., the producers are willing to pay for that ability to take their Conway barrels to Mont Belvieu. We get comfortable with the particular rate, then we are going to give up that capacity and give up that optimization upside. We will always have, I believe a tranche of capacity that we will reserve for optimization opportunity.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Thats helpful. And then, lastly I guess, you look at the first quarter guidance, you look at the second quarter and kind of where ethane margins are and spreads are continuing to be pretty strong, new optimization capacity coming online, I guess why are you keeping your guidance of what I would think would be conservative for the rest of the year? Do you think more capacity comes in and kind of expect things to flatten out maybe towards the end of the year or do you think you are staying a little conservative?
Rob Martinovich: Yes, conservative? We, every year, go through the same process where after the first quarter, we know a little bit more about our performance relative to our expectations. After the second quarter, we will know a whole lot more and every quarter, if you look at our history, we have tightened the bands, moved the midpoint and I would anticipate we would continue to do the same. What we are saying is that we are probably going to be on the high end at OKS, as we see the business today, but those, lets say, around this table have been in this business long enough to know that it can change quickly. And we have three more quarters to go.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Fair enough. I appreciate your comments, thank you.
Rob Martinovich: Yes, sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Blum. Please go ahead.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Thanks, good morning. Couple of questions on the Sterling and frac announcement expansion, perhaps it is a nave question, but in terms of you sort of say that you could either use the new lines plus the existing lines to transport raw NGLs, do you batch that or do you have to make a decision on the specific line and that as low line versus a purity line, can you just walk through how that works?
Terry Spencer: Michael, thats a great question. That Sterling III pipeline, we will be able to actually batch raw feed and purity, so thats contrary to what some people believe that are not in the NGL industry, you can hedge raw products and purity products.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: And for Sterling I and II, my understanding is those are purity lines today, is there something you have to do in terms of investment otherwise to be able to batch on those lines?
John Gibson: Actually, what we like to be able to do is move raw products across either of those pipelines as operational needs and market needs dictate. What will have to happen with the Sterling, the existing Sterling pipelines is some work on the pump motors in order to get them hands up where they can handle raw products at a very small cost will need to be done.
Terry Spencer: The other thing is all three of those lines will be reversible.
John Gibson: We will have reversible capability which we have had for some time. You wont need to reverse all three pipelines at the same time. Very rarely will we ever have to do that, okay. But we will have reversible, reversing capability on Sterling III as well as with our existing Sterling pipes.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. And then the other part to the question is, and this would apply both to new pipeline and the new frac you announced at Mont Belvieu, what percent of those assets are going to be locked under long-term contracts with third-party customers and what would be the duration of those contracts?
John Gibson: At this point in time, we would anticipate that nearly all of the barrels should be locked up under some form of long-term contract. The terms would typically be anywhere from 5 to 15 years, preferably 10 plus.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. Great, thank you very much.
John Gibson: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yves Siegel of Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Good morning.
John Gibson: Hello Beverly [ph].
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: We will take that offline. Just, Terry, on your comments, you spoke about looking at natural gas pipeline opportunities and storage projects, NGL storage projects, could you speak of maybe just elaborate on that, and also, as you think about that, you are expanding capacity so much, I am a little surprised that you havent already announced some expansion of the NGL storage?
Terry Spencer: Clearly, NGL storage is something that in order to be effective at bringing these kinds of volumes down into in the Belvieu, we got to be able to do a good job handling those volumes, and we are looking and have for sometime looked at expansions of our existing storage capability at Belvieu. So, what I will tell you is, is that we are working on that very feverishly. As far as the natural gas pipelines go, we are looking at a number of projects to supply natural gas to potential co-plant conversions and new industrial loads. So, we are very active, very busy there.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: So, that thing is primarily intrastate or ?
Terry Spencer: A large portion of it is going to be intrastate, but we have got a lot of incremental load activity on our interstates as well and in particular as it relates to conversions of coal plants to natural gas. Also, we continue to look at new processing plant opportunities in our gathering and processing segment in these hot shale plays.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: So, is it possible, so I am sure the answer is yes. Would you sort of put a number around the backlog that you are looking at?
John Gibson: You know, we have always said $300 million to $500 million per year and its still in that order of magnitude.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then could you  yes.
John Gibson: I was just going to say, we still got several foreseeable future, I dont know how you define that, but we still got a backlog.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Above and beyond the $3 billion that you just announced?
John Gibson: Yes sir.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: And then when you spoke about ethane to Canada, how would you accomplish that?
Rob Martinovich: If you are probably familiar with the pipeline project called the Vantage Pipeline company, named Mistral has developed in concert with NOVA Chemicals. Thats an opportunity for us and we are evaluating it and looking at its merit. Of course, we have got now with the Bakken Pipeline, we have got a couple of ways we can go with our incremental ethane. So, we are continuing to evaluate that.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: And then, two other quick ones, are you also looking at other geographic areas and perhaps if you are, what kind of criteria are you think about?
Rob Martinovich: I think John has made this comment in the past, when everybody was looking at Marcellus, we were working fast and feverishly on the Bakken and we announced the Bakken. We still have a lot of opportunities right underneath our noses in our fairway, and we have talked about the Niobrara, we have talked about the Woodford, lot of things going on in those areas. So, I mean, our plate is well.
John Gibson: I think another way to think about it is, when we make those decisions, we look at the competitive landscape, make sure we have got some value that we can bring to the producer, to the processor and customers, and for us, just by virtue of where our infrastructure exists, it continues to be right down from Canada down to Mont Belvieu. So, if we were to move to the east or to the west, it would be, if we saw opportunities to our model of vertical integration. So, we are not going to find ourselves in California in trying to give into some business we know nothing about.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess my last question/observation, it would seem to me that the bulk of the spending seems to be on fee-based businesses. So, is it accurate to think that the model still is moving more and more of the income mix towards fee-based?
Rob Martinovich: It is, the exception to that would be, for example, in the Bakken, the producers dont want the fee-based arrangement behind processing things, they want a percentage of proceeds. So, we have to meet the needs of the producers. So, to the extent the market allows us to, we will move towards fee-based arrangements, but to the extent the market doesnt want to be there, we have to be competitive.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Rob Martinovich: Yes, sir.
John Gibson: Thanks Yves.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Monroe Helm of Barrow Hanley. Please go ahead.
Monroe Helm  Barrow Hanley: Thanks a lot, but my questions have been answered.
John Gibson: Thank you very much for your call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Helen Ryoo of Barclays Capital.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Good morning. Thank you. A clarification regarding your comments on the NGL decline, did you say on average, you are seeing about 20% decline on the NGL production?
Terry Spencer: Helen, that was referring to the base natural gas production.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay, I see. Would you be able to provide a sense of what kind of NGL decline you are seeing?
Terry Spencer: Its going to be, that base NGL production decline is going to be comparable, it may not be quite as steep because obviously they are richer, these shale plays are richer in NGL content than the typical and historical NGL content of a lot of our basin. So, it may be a bit shallower, but its going to be in the same order of magnitude in our view.
John Gibson: Helen, we put that in thousands of barrels a day.
Pierce Norton: Actually, we produced a slide. The slide itself was natural gas, not NGLs. But then we equated it and did the math and came up with the 400,000 barrel per day of total that you need to fill 
John Gibson: Thats what I was remembering, 400,000 barrels a day.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: 400,000 barrels a day. Okay.
Rob Martinovich: Helen, thats still pretty much our view that we got to fill that hole each and every year in order to stay flat.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Sure, okay. And then another question just regarding your recent expectation of five to seven times on these projects, is that or are you expecting to reach this level of return maybe a year or two after the projects are completed?
Terry Spencer: Helen, most of our projects have been kind of a ramp-up type. The development doesnt all happen day one, so its going to happen overtime, but your return is going to be in that five to seven times range pretty consistently.
John Gibson: And getting there within probably one to two years time.
Terry Spencer: Correct.
Helen Ryoo  Barclays Capital: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Helen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Gundlach of First Eagle. Please go ahead.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
John Gibson: Good morning, Iron Man.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: The 992 and 641 numbers specifically in the gathering and processing in terms of the gathered per day Btu and process per day Btu, do you have the backup in terms of what was Mid-Continent and what was Rockies? And the Oklahoma driller that you referred to, is that now a stable situation where you can flat line it? The reason I asked the question is because I didnt expect it to go down so much quarter-over-quarter, obviously the Rockies expect to go down, but not Mid-Continent.
John Gibson: Let me give you this number, maybe this will give you order of magnitude. The Rockies volume that we are talking about is about 150,000 MMBtu per day of that 992. So, maybe that helps you, the rest of it is going to be Mid-Continent, Kansas, Oklahoma. As far as the situation with that particular producer, it is stable, but that producer like any producer is going to optimize for landholding purposes, for geologic reasons, they are going to optimize and change and adjust their drilling schedules from time-to-time and there was a pretty significant adjustment with this particular producer. They are still very high on their prospects and we still have a very, very strong and bullish long-term view on this particular producer.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: Whats the specific play there?
John Gibson: Its primarily the Cana-Woodford play.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: So, dry gas from the Cana?
John Gibson: You got dry gas in the Cana and you got rich gas in the Cana produced or stepped in and out of those particular plays as conditions warrant.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: Okay. And then, I guess the other question in the section is that, in this reporting section is that the margins were very strong despite the volume drop-off, but not as strong as I would have expected, and I guess is there a mix shift going on already between POP and (inaudible) that in other words, in the fourth quarter, it was about 12% of margin and today they announced about 9%. And is that small percentage change big enough to affect the overall profitability?
Terry Spencer: Yes, it can from quarter-to-quarter. That shift that you are talking about, we have an ongoing effort, and still its a strategy that we still employ to reduce the segments volatility and risk as it relates to commodity prices. So, we are still converting from time-to-time people contracts to percent of proceed/fee-based type contracts. So, thats some of what you are seeing there.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: Understood. When you go back to the big picture, just one more question for John, it follows up to Yves questions, on Canada, I think you have an unique opportunity there, but it sometimes complicated getting money across the border and back without having the governments take a lot of it, and I am just curious how you see yourself being able to take advantage of Canada, does that mean you have to kind of create a standalone entity up there relative somewhat to what Williams is doing or how do you see that in the big picture?
John Gibson: We see it as you describe it. Agree with what you have, we have actually exposure to Canada through our energy services business in the past. So, we know what you say is true. Because what you say is true, its probably not the most favorable environment, but its something that we think about very carefully before we would head in that direction.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: Okay. And then, last question, talking about use of proceeds and this great untapped credit line that you have now been given for a long time of five years or so, I guess one of the shortfalls of the MLP model is that there is a lot of pressure on doing projects that pay off really quickly, you dont have to have that negative carry with respect to distribution payments, but a company like ONEOK with OKE as the parent can afford a much longer-term perspective that a weaker MLP would not be able to take or they have to attract private equity, which is very, very expensive partner, but OKE, charges are a lot less than private equity. And I am just curious how you see that and whether you can use that advantage into some of the plays that you are talking about, the Niobrara, Woodford you mentioned earlier on, answering Yves question. I mean, isnt that the best opportunity for OKE?
John Gibson: Well said.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: You are a man of few words, thats why I like you so much, John.
John Gibson: I dont know, I guess I could take everybody elses time and repeat what you said, but its clearly one of the things we look at, at ONEOK is to where our money goes and where we think it can create the most value for our shareholder and clearly that still remains a great investment, so does buying back shares, so does increasing the dividend. But I will say also, so does buying earnings. And you know, as hard as we work at ONEOK Partners on developing these internal projects, you may rest assured we are working just as hard for opportunities to grow at ONEOK, they are just more difficult and not quite as a parent.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: Right. But more of a step function in earnings as opposed to a linear path.
John Gibson: Much, very well said, again.
Andrew Gundlach  First Eagle: Thanks very much, John.
John Gibson: You bet, Andrew. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bernie Colson of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Bernie Colson  Oppenheimer: Yes, thanks. Actually, questions have been answered.
John Gibson: Thanks, Bernie.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Rick Gross of Barclays Capital, after which we will turn the call back over to Mr. Harrison for any closing remarks.
John Gibson: The maestro, he dropped off.
Rick Gross  Barclays Capital: Just under the wire. Good morning.
Terry Spencer: Hello, there you are.
Rick Gross  Barclays Capital: I just wanted to ask what you could tell us about your two cryptic comments about changing the nature of the contracts. You have made a little bit more money in gathering and processing, and then you said you migrated your exchange services contract in a way that helped out without obviously great detail. Can you give us an idea of what the intent of all of this and why it might be better the way it now is than it was?
Terry Spencer: Rick, is your question directed toward NGLs or is it directed towards gathering and processing?
Rick Gross  Barclays Capital: Its both. You had uplift that you alluded to because of contract renegotiation, we will call it restructuring in exchange services and also in gathering and processing, and I would like to kind of understand with as much as you will give me, whats going on in each of those areas and why you would be getting uplifts and whether this is something that continues on, helps, that kind of thing? How this works and benefits you?
John Gibson: I am with you now, Rick. Particularly in our NGL business, capacity has been tight. Fractionation capacity, the infrastructure capacity across the board has been tight because the demand for that capacity has gone up. And so, every year we have a tranche of contracts that come up for renewal, and we have benefited from the market, the market value for this capacity increasing. So, thats hit our bottom line and in particular in certain areas in our gathering and processing segment, we see that opportunity and realize those opportunities as well.
Rick Gross  Barclays Capital: Okay. Is this something as simple as you used to charge a $0.01 for frac and you can now charge more etcetera or is there something  I got the impression in the language if there was something actually in the way the contracts were structured, particularly in exchange services that gives you more flexibility to optimize?
John Gibson: Not particularly, theres not a significant change. I think if there is a change to structure, its probably more around the fact that some of these producers, NGL producers are willing to enter into frac or pay types of arrangements. And we are doing a number of those.
Rick Gross  Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
John Gibson: Thanks, Rick.
Dan Harrison: Okay. Thank you all for participating. This concludes our conference call. As a reminder, the quiet period for the second quarter will start when we close our books in early July, and we will extend until we release second quarter earnings on August 2nd with the conference call schedule a day later. We will give you additional details on that August 3rd conference call at a later date. Just a reminder, Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions you might have. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation. That does conclude your program. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison  IR John Gibson  Vice Chairman, President and CEO Curtis Dinan  CFO Terry Spencer  COO, ONEOK Partners, L.P. Rob Martinovich  COO
Analysts: Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets Selman Akyol  Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning and thanks to all of you for joining us. Any statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK Vice Chairman, President and CEO and ONEOK Partners Chairman, President and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thanks Dan. Good morning and many thanks to all of you for joining us today and of course, for your continued investment and interest in both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on today's call are Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK partners; Terry Spencer, our Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK Partners and Rob Martinovich, our Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK. W e completed another successful quarter and year at both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners with all of our businesses performing well. At ONEOK Partners, we benefited from the first full year of operations of the assets we built during our $2 billion capital program we completed in late 2009, resulting in higher natural gas and natural gas liquids volumes moving through our assets, selecting fees and creating additional opportunities. Those projects will continue to contribute earnings growth through this year and beyond and set the stage for the partnership's next phase of growth which now totals between 1.8 billion and 2.1 billion in new projects. Our ONEOK distribution segment continues to benefit from our new, performance-based rates in Oklahoma, which reduced volumetric sensitivity and increased revenues in the warmer months. This shift in the segment earnings pattern is reflected in the lower fourth-quarter operating income compared with the previous year but higher year-over-year operating income. And, as expected, the energy services segments fourth quarter results were lower but were higher for the year as we have indicated it would be earlier. In 2010, we increased the ONEOK dividend three times and, an additional increase of $0.04 per share announced last month. This dividend increase is consistent with the forecast we gave last October, to increase the dividend by 50% to 60% in 2000  by 2013. It is enabled by the cash coming to ONEOK from its ownership interest in ONEOK Partners, which increased its distributions to unit holders four times in 2010. This growth in earnings, distributions and dividends, is primarily the result of ONEOK Partners recently completed capital projects and, with our plans to invest another $2 billion plus at the partnership over the next few years, we are very confident in our ability to continue to grow. While we remain active on the acquisition front, evaluating many of the assets that are publicly known to be for sale and some that are not, we have not completed any transactions for a number of reasons. The most compelling one being that we have very attractive alternatives to grow through our internal capital projects. These projects, the ones just completed, the ones currently being built and the ones we are evaluating but not yet announced, provide us with very attractive returns. They also deliver stable cash flow growth that gives us the confidence to forecast our three-year growth targets and, the ability to consistently increase our distributions. Bottom line, we do not have to wait on the next big acquisition, probably at pricing multiples to grow and reward our investors at ONEOK or at the partnership. Our growth continues to be embedded with our own assets. Curtis will now review ONEOK Partners financial highlights and then we will ask Terry to review the partnership's operating performance. So, now let me turn this over to Curtis.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. John has already provided a brief summary of the partnership's fourth quarter and year-end results and Terry will provide additional detail in a moment. My remarks will focus on our financial results and outlook. In the fourth quarter, ONEOK Partners reported net income of $142 million or $1.09 per unit compared with last year's fourth quarter net income of $116 million or $0.93 per unit. For 2010, net income was $473 million or $3.50 per unit compared with $434 million or $3.60 per unit in 2009. 2010 results included a $16 million gain related to the sale of a 49% interest in Overland Pass to Williams Partners. That gain had a $0.16 per unit impact on the partnership year-end results. Also impacting the per unit calculation is the February 2010 public equity offering of 5.5 million common units, which resulted in additional units outstanding in 2010 compared with 2009. Distributable cash flow in the fourth quarter was $170 million, a 14% increase compared with fourth quarter 2009. For the year, distributable cash flow increased to $30 million to $588 million more than adequate to cover our 2010 distributions and maintain a 1.02 times coverage ratio for the year. The partnership issued its 2011 net income guidance in January in the range of $525 million to $575 million for the year with distributable cash flow in the range of $625 million to $675 million. Pending board approval, the partnership anticipates increasing the distribution a penny per quarter in 2011, building on the fourth quarter 2010 distribution increase to $1.14 per unit paid in February which marked the 17th distribution increase since ONEOK became sole general partner, accumulative 43% increase over that time. Capital expenditures for the partnership are expected to be approximately $1.1 billion comprised of $1 billion in growth capital, related to our $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion of growth projects announced today and $105 million in maintenance capital. Terry will provide an update on these growth projects in a moment. We have hedges in place to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the partnership's natural gas, gathering and processing segment which has the most sensitivity to commodity price changes. For 2011, we have hedged 69% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $1.40 per gallon and 74% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.61 per MMBtu. For 2012, approximately 12% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $2.34 per gallon. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and will place additional hedges as conditions warrant. At the end of 2010, the partnership had $430 million of commercial paper outstanding and $570 million available under the $1 billion revolving credit agreement that expires in 2012. The partnership ended 2010 with a debt-to-capital ratio of 50% and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.8. In January, we completed an offering of $1.3 billion of senior notes consisting of $650 million of five-year notes at a coupon of 3.25% and $650 million of 30-year senior notes at a coupon of 6.125% generating net proceeds of approximately $1.28 billion. After the debt offering, we have repaid all of our outstanding commercial paper and have a cash balance of approximately $900 million, leaving us well-positioned to repay the $225 million principal amount of senior notes that mature next month and to fund our capital spending program in 2011. At this time, the partnership does not anticipate any additional financing need this year but we continue to monitor the capital markets and will take advantage of opportunities that are presented. There is one item that I would like to highlight, related to the partnership's 2011 guidance. We expect the partnerships interest expense to be approximately $12 million higher compared with what we provided in January. This amount will be offset by an increase of $12 million in equity earnings for the natural gas liquids segment for Overland Pass. This line item shipped reflects our financing of Overland Pass pipeline at the ONEOK Partners level versus at the joint venture level that we assumed in our initial 2011 financial guidance. Now, Terry Spencer will provide you with an overview of the operating performance of the partnership.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Curtis and good morning. The partnership had a solid fourth-quarter operating performance from all segments, driven primarily by higher volumes gathered, fractionated and stored, and higher optimization margins in the natural gas liquids segment, due to increased fractionation and transportation capacity available for NGL optimization activities as a result of a large frac only contract that expired in September of last year. Volume increases in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, particularly in the Bakken Shale and the Williston Basin also led to higher earnings in the fourth quarter. I will now briefly discuss the operating performance of ONEOK Partners three segments. The natural gas gathering and processing segments fourth-quarter financial results were lower than the same period in 2009, due primarily to the sale of our bankruptcy claims with Lehman Brothers, lower net realized commodity prices, lower processed volumes in the mid-continent driven by natural production declines and lower gathered volumes from the reduced drilling activity in the Powder River basin in Wyoming. These increases were offset by higher natural gas volumes gathered and processed in the Bakken Shale as a result of increased drilling activity. The midpoint of the gathering and processing segment in 2011 operating income guidance is $182 million reflecting higher gathered and processed volumes in the Bakken Shale as well as new supply connections from Cana-Woodford Shale and Granite Wash development to our systems and plants in Oklahoma. For 2011, we expect our process volumes to be approximately 11% higher compared with 2010. We expect our gathered volumes to increase 5% compared with 2010, with growth in the Cana-Woodford Shale and Granite Wash development more than offset in declines in the Powder River basin in Wyoming. Now, moving to our natural gas pipeline segment. Fourth-quarter results, including our 50% interest in Northern Border Pipeline were solid. Earnings from Northern Border more than doubled compared with the same period last year due mainly to an increase in contracted capacity as a result of continued strong Midwest market demand. TransCanada announced on its conference call last week that a significant amount of Northern Borders capacity has been contracted into the spring of 2012. The midpoint of a natural gas pipelines 2011 operating income guidance is $148 million, excluding equity earnings, reflecting nearly 90% of our pipeline of storage capacity, under firm contracts. This segments natural gas storage facilities remain an important component by enhancing our ability to maintain reliable deliveries during periods of peak demand and during weather related, well head supply averages by producers. Our storage facilities can deliver up to 1.7 billion cubic feet per day into the marketplace. Now, let's move to our natural gas liquids segment. As I discussed earlier in the fourth quarter, natural gas liquids segment benefited from having more fractionation and transportation capacity available for optimization activities and favorable NGL price differentials. Higher NGL storage margins and higher NGL volumes gathered fractionated and transported. Net NGL volumes fractionated during the fourth quarter were approximately 530,000 barrels per day, more than 96% of capacity. Further emphasizing that excess fractionation capacity continues to be in short supply industry wide. NGLs transported during the fourth quarter on a gathering lines were 403,000 barrels per day and reflect the exclusion of Overland Pass volumes, due to the September 2010 deconsolidation to an equity investment compared with 414,000 barrels per day for the same period last year that included Overland Pass. Excluding Overland Pass, the fourth quarter 2009 gathered volumes were 337,000 barrels per day. NGLs transported on our distribution lines in the fourth quarter were down slightly compared with the same period last year, due to much higher Midwest crop drop in demand for propane experienced in the fall of 2009. But, these volume still increase 2% year-over-year. Overland Pass pipeline gross NGL volumes continue to average approximately 120,000 to 130,000 barrels per day. The pipelines current capacity is 154,000 barrels per day. The robust NGL supply outlet, particularly in the Bakken Shale is necessitating continued expansions such as those we announced back in July. And, we expect the capacity to increase to 255,000 barrels per day during 2013. Arbuckle Pipeline volumes are currently averaging approximately 100,000 to 120,000 barrels per day and remained well-positioned to accommodate NGL volumes growth from the Rockies, Mid-Continent and Barnett Shale production growth as our access to more fractionation capacity in Mont Belvieu increases in the second quarter of this year from the fractionation services agreement with Targa at our Cedar Bayou facility that is being expanded. Current capacity of Arbuckle is approximately 180,000 barrels per day with plans to expand the capacity to 240,000 barrels per day in 2012. Let me point out the Arbuckle pipeline has emerged as a key connector of Mid-Continent NGL production, the Gulf Coast NGL fractionation. Accordingly, Arbuckle has expanded our north to south optimization capability, allowing us to capture more location price differential opportunities. With Arbuckle, our broad operating footprint and delivery capability to multiple market centers creates value for customers and for us. The natural gas liquids segment in 2011 operating income mid point is $326 million, reflecting higher fee-based earnings from increased NGL volumes and higher optimization volumes as a result of our having increase the fractionation capacity available to us in 2011 when a frac only contract expired last fall. In our 2011 earnings guidance, we assume a $0.09 per gallon Conway to Mont Belvieu at same price distribution compared with $0.10 price per gallon in 2010. A brief comment on how the partnership's natural gas and NGL assets perform during this winters record cold temperatures and snowfall. Not surprising to us, our field operations and back office employees performed exceptionally well during these harsh operating conditions and rapidly changing supply environment. Our businesses were affected by periodic supply outages resulting from well production free soft and processing plan interactions requiring swift and responsive adjustments to our operations and product scheduling to maintain deliveries to our customers. Our employees adjusted incredibly well to these difficult conditions and in particular, our natural gas pipeline segment did not have to curtail any firm or interruptible transportation customers due in part to our storage capability. I will now briefly comment on the recent events that caused a disruption to the NGL marketplace earlier this month. On February 8, we temporarily shut down our 160,000 barrel per day, Mont Belvieu, Texas fractionator as a precautionary measure due to a fire and resulting outage at a nearby enterprise NGL storage facility and, we were able to restart our fractionator the next day. Today, all of our Mont Belvieu facilities are operating normally. Our operations were not affected materially by the outage, due in large part, to the connectivity, integration and flexibility of our own collection of pipelines and storage assets at Mont Belvieu. Our NGL purity product distribution pipelines, the Sterling pipelines, were unaffected and continue to run at or near capacity. Volumes on our Arbuckle pipeline that delivers raw NGLs into our Mont Belvieu fractionator were not affected materially, delivering raw NGLs to storage while our fractionator was down. Accordingly, most of our process explain customers were unaffected by the outage. The petrochemical industry continues to recognize our NGL service capability, which we expect will lead to more opportunities to expand and grow our Mont Belvieu presence. Now, for some additional color on the NGL industry. The petrochemical industry continues to find ways to crack more ethane due to its continued strong price advantage. So, over the next couple of years, we see ethylene demand remains strong as the ethane to crude ratio remains relatively low. NGL infrastructure and fractionation capacity remains tight but will gradually improve as the frac capacity comes online over the next couple of years. Looking at the NGL supply picture, producers are very focused on liquid rich plays such as the Bakken, Cana-Woodford, Granite Wash and Eagle Ford Shales. Well, NGL growth opportunities continues at a rapid pace, much of the growth in volumes is being offset by the inherent natural decline of the base natural gas production, which exceeds 20% per year according to some experts. And, the decline rate is getting steeper. We and others believe that NGL demand will be sufficient over the next two years and that regional processing and NGL infrastructure expansions will continue to be needed. Now, a few comments on the status of our announced growth projects. In aggregate, we have announced plans to invest approximately $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion in the Bakken related projects with midstream infrastructure needed to allow producers to fully monetize their oil and natural gas reserves. We have announced approximately $1 billion in gathering and processing growth projects in the Bakken Shale which includes three 100 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing plants, the Garden Creek plant and related infrastructure and the Stateline I and II plants, which will quadruple our processing capacity in the region to nearly 400 million cubic feet per day. We also have more than 700 million in NGL infrastructure projects related to the Bakken growth which includes the 500 plus mile 60,000 barrels per day raw NGL pipeline referred to as the Bakken pipeline that will connect with Overland Pass. These projects are in various stages of development, engineering, design and procurement, with some under construction and all are progressing within our expected timeline. In addition to growth projects, we have already announced we are continuing to evaluate a lengthy backlog of natural gas in NGL related infrastructure projects including investments in natural gas pipelines, fractionator expansions or a new fractionator, NGL storage facilities and additional pipeline capacities both for raw NGL and purity NGL products. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry and congratulations to you and your employees for another outstanding year. Now, Curtis will review ONEOK Financial performance and then he will turn it over to Rob Martinovich to review the ONEOK operating performance. Curtis.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks John. ONEOKs net income for the fourth quarter was $83 million or $0.76 per diluted share compared with last year's fourth quarter net income of $93 million or $0.87 per diluted share. ONEOKs 2010 net income was $335 million or $3.10 per diluted share versus $305 million or $2.87 per diluted share in 2009. 2010 results include a $16 million or $0.04 per share impact from the gain on ONEOK Partner sale of a 49% interest in Overland Pass pipeline company to Williams Partners, completed last September. Rob will provide more details on the drivers of our operating results in a few minutes. ONEOKs 2010 stand-alone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $339 million. This free cash flow increase was the result of bonus depreciation that ONEOK recorded due to the enactment of recent federal income tax legislation. Bonus depreciation will continue to provide us with benefits in 2011, more on that in a minute. By virtue of ONEOKs general partner interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $304 million in distributions from the partnership for 2010, a 9% increase from 2009. At the partnerships estimated distribution level as detailed in the 2011 guidance, ONEOK will receive approximately $328 million in distributions for 2011, an 8% increase over 2010. As a reminder, ONEOKs income taxes on the distributions from the limited partner units it owns are deferred which contributes to the strong free cash flow that ONEOK generates. ONEOK liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the fourth quarter and on a stand-alone basis, we had $127 million in short-term debt, $30 million in cash and cash equivalents and $394 million of natural gas in storage. As of today, ONEOK has repaid all of its short-term debt as we continue to pull gas from storage to meet our customers needs. Our next scheduled debt maturity is in April of this year, when $400 million comes due which we will repay with cash on hand and with borrowings from our commercial paper program. Our current stand-alone, long-term debt to capitalization is 30% and our stand-alone total debt to capitalization is 40%, well below our 50-50 target. ONEOK significant free cash flow and financial flexibility provide us with several opportunities. As a reminder, the board authorized share repurchases of up to $750 million through 2013 with an annual maximum of $300 million. At this time, we have not purchased any shares that continue to evaluate the opportunity to do so. This authorization provides another method to return value to shareholders, however, we also remain focused on increasing our investment in ONEOK Partners, evaluating strategic acquisitions and increasing future dividends. Our 2011 guidance anticipates dividend increases of $0.04 per share, semi-annually during 2011, the first of which, ONEOKs Board of Directors approved a $0.04 per share increased last month to $0.52 per share, representing an 86% increase since January 2006. This most recent dividend increase is consistent with the company's expected 50% to 60% dividend increase between 2011 and 2013. Last month, ONEOK issued its 2011 net income guidance in the range of $325 million to $360 million reflecting higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOK Partner segment, offset partially by lower expected earnings in the energy services segment. The financial guidance reflects stand-alone free cash flow of $235 million to $275 million, which also includes the benefit from the bonus depreciation, I described earlier. This range does not reflect any anticipated share repurchases, so obviously, if we were to repurchase shares under our authorized program, free cash flow would be reduced. Now, Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOKs operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks Curtis and good morning everyone. Let's begin with our distribution segment. Fourth quarter 2010 earnings were lower due to the exploration of the 2009 capital recovery mechanism in Oklahoma, recognized in the same period last year, offsetting those for higher margins from the new rates approved in our 2009 Oklahoma rated case. Expenses were higher due primarily to the recognition of previously deferred, integrity management program costs in Oklahoma now recovered in base rates. Natural gas volumes sold by the distribution segment were lower in the fourth quarter, due to warmer weather compared with the same period in 2009. However, this decrease was moderated by weather normalization mechanisms. Year-to-date operating income was up approximately $5 million, compared with 2009. due primarily to the new rates in Oklahoma, plus increased margins from higher natural gas shale sales volumes and other successful rate outcomes in all three states offset partially by a decrease in retail marketing margins. Expenses were higher, due primarily to the recognition of previously deferred integrity management program costs in Oklahoma. By design, the new Oklahoma rate structure reduces volumetric sensitivity by increasing fixed fees. This segments quarterly earnings pattern during 2010 experience less of a drop in earnings in the second and third quarter compared to the prior years. With the lack of any large rate cases of filings, we expect the pattern for 2011 to be relatively similar to 2010. Approximately two-thirds of our total margin comes from our residential customers with 73% fixed and 27% volume sensitive. In addition, a significant amount of our volumetric sensitive margin is stabilized by normal usage patterns and weather normalization mechanisms. This segments retail business had a difficult year, down approximately $8 million in margin from 2009 due primarily to the lack of price volatility that resulted in fewer customers locking in their natural gas price and lower volumes due to both warmer and wetter weather. In addition, expenses were up approximately $3 million due to the consolidation of administrative functions from Topeka to Tulsa and other one-time expenses. The midpoint for the 2011 distribution segment operating income guidance is $231 million, compared with $226 million for 2010. We expect minimal customer growth and relatively small margin increases from rate activities planned in 2011. Now, a brief regulatory update beginning in Oklahoma. A joint stipulation and settlement agreement was filed on February 10 for the parties agreed on the terms of an Oklahoma natural gas demand portfolio of conservation and energy efficiency programs totaling approximately $11 million annually and authorizes the recovery of cost and performance incentives through the performance-based rate structure. This settlement agreement was presented to the administrative law judge on February 18. We took the matter under advisement. The administrative law judge's recommendation will be submitted to the Oklahoma co-operation commission for final consideration. In March, Oklahoma natural gas will submit its first annual rate filing related to the performance-based rates in Oklahoma that were put in place in January 2010. To refresh your memory, this performance-based rate structure allows for a 75 basis point band above and below the authorized return of 10.5%. In this rate case, several writers including capital recovery were moved to base rates. Future rate adjustments are anticipated to be on a smaller scale than in the past depending on our actual returns. Working with other Kansas utilities, the Kansas Corporation staff and the citizens utility rate payer board, a joint report was filed proposing acceptable and reasonable reporting requirements related to affiliate transactions in lieu of potential affiliate and refinancing rules and regulations. The Kansas Corporation commission approved the filing on December 3. Also in December, the Kansas Corporation commission approved a $1.7 million increase in Kansas gas services, gas system reliability surcharge effective January 2011. In Texas, we filed an appeal with the railroad commission of Texas on May 12 to increase rates by $5.3 million in our El Paso service area after the El Paso city Council denied our rate request. Subsequently, rate case expenses were placed into a separate docket which effectively reduced the requested increase of $4.4 million. On December 14, the railroad commission of Texas approved a base rate increase of $850,000 annually, which has been implemented and $850,000 decrease in depreciation and amortization expense plus, the recovery of annual pipeline integrity expenditures via a separate writer. On January 7, we filed a motion for rehearing urging the rail road commission of Texas to reconsider several issues including the redesign in our El Paso service area. This morning, the commission denied our motion for rehearing. Lastly, an update on the railroad commission of Texas proposed rulemaking procedure on the replacement of steel natural gas service lines. Our first draft of the steel service line replacement rule was noted on last fall. Texas gas service along with a number of other utilities provided written comments in response to the proposal. The commission has taken comments from industry into consideration in a proposed final rule, which we believe both improves the clarity of their expectations and will enhance pipeline safety. We do not anticipate any material changes to our ongoing infrastructure upgrade efforts. Our final vote on the proposed rule is expected this morning by the commission. Any capital expenditures impact associated with replacing lines would be recovered through the regulatory process. We continue our efforts to grow our rate base by efficiently investing our capital in projects that provide benefits to our customers and our shareholders. In 2011, we expect to invest approximately $25 million to continue installation of automated meters in select residential communities. The target areas are in Oklahoma and Texas based on the quickest recovery and return on capital in combination with the areas of greatest expense savings. This investment follows our 2010 investment of $31 million for the installation of automated meters in Tulsa and Oklahoma city. As a result, almost half of Oklahoma natural residential customers have automated meters. These meters provide quicker, safer and more efficient greetings and a net reduction in expenses while allowing us to earn a return on these investments, creating a win-win for customers and the company. Now, let's turn to energy services. As expected, our fourth-quarter results were lower compared with the same quarter in 2009. This was driven primarily by a decrease in storage withdrawals from a reduced contracted natural gas storage capacity and lower transportation margins due to narrower Mid-Continent to Gulf coast location price differentials. Partially offset in these decreases was an increase in our premium services revenues due primarily to the decrease cost in providing the services due to the warmer weather in the fourth quarter of 2010, compared with the same period in 2009. Full year 2010 operating income was $131 million, up $7 million compared with 2009, due primarily to our storage margins that benefited from hedges put in place during 2009, that enabled us to capture wider, seasonal storage differentials and, our ability to capture incremental margins as a result of cold weather in the first quarter and hotter than normal weather in the summer. Our natural gas in storage at the end of the year was about 63 Bcf, up slightly from last year's 61 Bcf. We currently have 73.6 Bcf of storage capacity under the lease and as of February 18, 2011, we had approximately 27.1 Bcf of gas in storage. As part of our ongoing realignment of storage and transportation capacity, to meet the requirements of our premium services customers, our 2012 year-end leased storage capacity target is 65 Bcf. Our 2012 year and long-term leased transportation capacity target is one Bcf per day compared with our current long-term capacity of 1.1 Bcf per day. This capacity reduction targets those assets with lower than average unit margins. These actions will also reduce our earnings volatility and working capital requirements. Energy services operating income guidance for 2011 is $91 million. As we stated previously, the current business environment is indeed challenging. We continue to see narrow location and seasonal storage differentials which impact the value realized on our transportation and storage positions. These narrow location differentials are primarily a result of low natural gas prices and increased pipeline capacity. Low natural gas prices coupled with a flat forward price curve have reduced seasonal storage differentials. Our strategy is to achieve our 2011 operating income guidance include maintaining our existing premium service customers while adding new ones, maximizing earnings to reflect optimization activities, growing our market share with electric generation customers and working with producers to move their supply in constrained areas. Seasonal storage spreads and optimization opportunities will be dependent on where storage levels end up after the first quarter heating season. For 2011, we have hedged approximately 45% of our transportation margins and 41% of our storage margins, with approximately 100% of our storage margins hedged for the first quarter. Our general strategy is to execute hedges on both transportation and storage based on our forward view of the market and availability of market liquidity. Finally, I would like to reiterate our pipeline integrity efforts at both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Federal and state regulations require us to develop, implement and maintain formal integrity management programs for natural gas transmission and natural gas liquid pipelines that cross high consequence areas or HCAs. HCAs include areas with large population, navigable waterways and sensitive environmental areas. These regulations require assessments on relevant natural gas pipelines at least once every seven years while assessments on natural gas liquid pipelines are required every five years. For our natural gas liquid pipelines, we completed all required assessments by the March 2008 deadline. Natural gas pipeline assessments which include our gas distribution and gas transmission pipelines must be completed before December 17, 2012. All of our gas pipeline assessments are scheduled to be completed within the required inspection timeframe. Also, the integrity assessment program is not limited to only those pipelines in HCAs. Monitoring and testing are done on all parts of our pipelines as appropriate to verify the safety of our operations. Recently, as a result of the preliminary incident investigation findings from Pacific Gas and Electric San Bruno, California incident, the pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration issued an advisory bulletin to pipeline operators concerning the establishment of maximum allowable operating pressure or an AOP for regulated pipelines. The Advisory requires pipeline operators that rely on design, construction, inspection, testing and other related historic data in determining MAOPs to ensure the accuracy and completeness of these records. Upon issuance of this advisory bulletin ONEOK and ONEOK Partners business segments initiated and are continuing their reviews of pipeline data and documentation used to establish pipeline MAOPs. John, this concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you Rob and congratulations to you and your team on another good year as well. Thank you. A couple of final comments before we take your questions. As you all know, we announced a series of executive management changes last week. This is all part of our succession planning process to further develop and prepare our next generation of leaders so that they have the skills and experience to lead our continued growth and future success. While I have no plans to retire, our board and I believe strongly that we have the responsibility to our investors, our employees and other key stakeholders to make sure we have the right talent with the right skills, right experienced and a proven ability to lead in place. That is what this re-alignment was about, nothing more, nothing less. I have great confidence in all our leaders and know they will perform great in their new roles. Id like to sing aloud and make a few comments about Curtis, who is participating in his last conference call, as CFO. He has done an exceptional job over the last four years in the CFO role, both at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners helping us finance the partnerships growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet. His new role, leading the partnerships natural gas business, will give him an important operating experience that will benefit him, and the Company well into the future. I would like to congratulate Curtis on his new role and personally thank him for what he has done for the company. I know those of you listening, who know Curtis, recognize how much he has contributed to our company as our CFO. And of course, I would like to extend my congratulations to the other leaders who are moving into their new roles. And finally, Id like to thank our 4700 employees, whose hard work, dedication and commitment creates value everyday for our investors and customers. I thank our employees, every conference call and you may tune out my expression of appreciation knowing that its just a signal that we are getting ready to take questions. But, you should note that these last few weeks have been very difficult and challenging for our employees for many reasons. Along with the typical activities associated with the year and financial closings and reports, we experienced record low temperatures and snow falls across our operating areas. Along with enterprise experiencing a fire at Mont Belvieu that resulted in our shutting our fractionator for a day, and then we had to deal with the related issues the next day, including a loss of electrical power at the fractionator that resulted in yet another short shutdown. At all times, our employees acted quickly and safely to protect our assets while meeting our customers needs. Day in and day out, our employees continue to rise to the occasion and meet the challenges that inevitably come their way. They do whats required to help our customers, to meet our financial filing deadlines and to deal with adverse weather conditions. And they do so under the most challenging of circumstances, safely. We have exceptional employees who make exceptional efforts, not just during difficult times, but every day. Thats why I take the time to thank them. I want our employees, who listen to this call, hear me tell you our investors, that I appreciate their efforts and realize that our financial and operating results are not just because of the efforts of our management team, but also because of what each and every employee contributes every day. So, again, I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees for the contributions and at this time, open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Stephen Maresca Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Hey, good morning everybody and thanks a lot for all the details. First question for you, John, and then I have a couple for Terry. You mentioned in your opening remarks, youre thinking that ONEOK certainly has an attractive organic profile and looking more like you prefer that over acquisitions. Would you say at this point in time, knowing what we know whats out there on the market that your confidence level has dropped a little bit in terms of being able to complete one of these given the competition out there?
John Gibson: I wouldnt characterize it that way that we have a drop in confidence level. I think what allows us to have the confidence in continuing to grow the company as I mentioned in the comments, is that our asset had these embedded options but we continue to find opportunities to grow - to those investments creating more value than we would by having to acquire earnings. So, the alternative of acquiring earnings in todays marketplace continues to be very expensive. So, its not that weve lost confidence in our ability to acquire someone thats  relative to the alternatives we have and where we invest our next dollar, we make more money for the unit holder and the shareholder by investing in these internal project as opposed to participating in some of the bidding activities that are taking place.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thats what I meant to imply by the way, not confidence and execution just confidence and getting it done because things are getting you know price year than what your organic opportunities are.
John Gibson: Yes and as I said before, Steven, our bias is as operators.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Right.
John Gibson: And there are financial buyers out there who see ways to make money that perhaps we dont  cant quite comprehend in an asset operating model.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Gibson: So I am not saying that they are overpaying, but its hard for us to see it.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Right. Okay. Thank you very much. Terry, you talked a little bit about the Bakken at the opportunities there, can you update us on where you are on customer commitments on the gas processing plants and the Bakken NGL pipeline? Also as a subset to that like the backlog, where do you see as opportunity in and around the Texas area also?
Terry Spencer: Well, Steve, to answer your first question, the commitment with our producers is going very well. We have  weve reached a point where weve got as much is 1.5 million acres under dedication in the Bakken. Thats a very, very large position. And thats increasing steadily. We were probably a 1,000,000 acres under dedication, probably six months ago, so making very good progress there. Those are long-term acreage dedications, percent of proceeds contract, so that is going very well. To answer your second question, I think the opportunities we see down in Texas are primarily in the natural gas liquids business. We see opportunity to expand our presence in Mont Belvieu. I think in particular in light of some of the events weve seen this recently, our chances of doing that have increased. So, you know, when we look at our backlog of projects and if we specifically address Texas of the fractionation projects as a possibility, further expansions of our pipeline infrastructure that feeds the Belvieu area as well as our storage capability down there. So, we see a lot of good opportunity there.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And final point and Ill get back in line, do you have the fractionation capacity come off on September 1st, can you discuss how much that is and then what the plans are with that especially given the agreement you have with Targa that will begin middle of this year?
Terry Spencer: Steve, I really cant go into telling you the volume other than I could tell you that it was significant.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Okay. And thats.
John Gibson: I may make a, it doesnt address  it doesnt address your specific issue, but think of it this way, if you look at the earnings announcement, you know that  by not having that capacity, which was reserved under that contract the opportunity costs associated with that was roughly $35 million. So, that capacity we couldnt use to make, to make money with, we had to use that to fulfill our contractual obligations. That, as I mentioned to you several quarters ago is on us. We are the ones that lead in what we thought the increasing volumes on Arbuckle would be going into the fractionator. Were the ones that didnt think we fill up Arbuckle as fast as we did, so that is on us. Thats one way to think about it is that $35 million had we had the capacity would have been added dollars in 2010, relative to 2009. The other way I think about it is, its also an indication of our cost of honoring contractual obligations because I guess we could have, but obviously chose not to use that fractionation capacity for our own gain and then fight it out in the courts with somebody that we shorted. But obviously thats not something we are going to do. But so, the answer is the capacity was large and the capacity was cheap.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Terry Spencer: John, those are great comments. Steve, can I just say one thing?
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Terry Spencer: When we go back to the growth potential in Texas, theres one other spot where we have assets and thats in our Texas intra state pipeline business and we are looking at a number of power plant expansions that are occurring in West Texas. And, we see the opportunity to expand our presence and increase the level of service that we provide to our customers. So, lets not forget about our Texas Intra State business.
Stephen Maresca  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Well thanks as always for the detail guys.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yves Siegel of Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Thanks good morning. Hey, Terry, just on the last comment you made, is there any way to sort of quantify that the amount of backlog you might have when you look at the range of projects?
Terry Spencer: You know, we probably could but for you, we are not.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Terry Spencer: I think we actually have, if you look  I think if you look back in some of our last years investors presentations, I think we attempted to do that at a pretty high level. We had a couple of tables that touched on it.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Since then we have not publicly updated that. But, I think thats about all I can say about that.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Thats fine. And just, just to be clear on Johns earlier comments about acquisitions, the way I think about it, its not mutually right so that, it would seem to me that you would continue to pursue a pretty aggressive organic growth program as well as
Rob Martinovich: Do you want to answer that.
Terry Spencer: Thats absolutely true. Its just because we just dont overpay. I think thats the one thing you can just never overcome.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, then the last two questions relates to maintenance CapEx. Theres a big jump in 2011. Can you talk about what the one-time nature is and sort of how you think about maintenance CapEx going forward and within the context of the one-time nature I think in one of the press releases you talked about downtime or turnaround time and some of the fractionators and how you think that may or may not disrupt the market?
Terry Spencer: Well, let me start the beginning. When you look at the Delta, that increase, a couple of things primarily drive that. You know, we had  the EPA has instituted some regulations that require specialized controls to be installed on gas compression equipment. So we have we have in that maintenance capital number that cost. We have and I am not sure I necessarily characterize this as one-time events, we have on a routine basis, we turn these fractionators around. And so, they are very expensive to turn around and we are going to be doing a couple of them in 2011 that we did not do in 2010. So, thats going to be a bulk of that delta, that $30 million increase. And, what was your second question? Can you ask it again please I cant remember?
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Yes, just in terms of how do you  well in terms of the of fractionators, do you anticipate any sort of disruption in the market when you have to do the turnaround, typically how long does that take?
Terry Spencer: Really, no  theres really no disruption because theres plenty of storage down there in Belvieu. So, you know, a lot of the petrochemical facilities have their own storage under contract, theyll pull  theyll pull on their own inventories while these plans are going down. So its a pretty routine process and dont expect any material impact marketplace when does happen. You might get just for very brief periods of time, some impact, but for the most part, not material.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: And then how do you sort of think about ongoing maintenance CapEx beyond 2011? In other words is 70 million a good number or is it 100 million a good number?
Terry Spencer: I think $100 million is probably a better number.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Going forward and especially in light of these EPA regulations and what I was referring to is whats referred to as RISMAC [ph].
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then  thats a lot of money, I will you tell you that. But anyway, does the last question just comes down to contract renegotiations, you know, from the press release its suggesting that you had a nice uplift during the year from contract renegotiations, can you talk about what the outlook for continued upside from contracts might be?
Terry Spencer: Sure. Well, on an ongoing basis, we have contracts coming up for renewal across all of our business units every year. And in particular in our natural gas liquids business and in our gathering and processing business which is where bulk of those renegotiations are occurring, we are seeing increased demand for capacity on our assets. And of course, thats impacting the rates that we charge for gathering NGLs and fractionated NGLs as well as gathering and processing natural gas. So weve also seen the same impact on storage. So, were just going to continue to see that and there is going to be a tranche of uplift or upgrade, if you will, every year.
Yves Siegel  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, how are you doing?
Terry Spencer: Fine, Ted. How are you?
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Good. Hey, I want to start off with sort of the bigger picture question and part of it is tied to, you know, your friends down the street, and also that they have last week made a big announcement in terms of breaking up their company going forward. How do you think about kind of the way that, is that playing out, the industry may be potentially to some more  we have got some IPOs, folks that are more procured played general partner versus your more integrated business model. Id love it if you just  thank you, have your thoughts changed at all based on some of the recent moves that the industry has made?
Terry Spencer: They have not.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just in terms of  could you elaborate a little bit more or just?
Curtis Dinan: Know, we like our structure, weve had the structure for, ever since we bought northern border. We think it works for us as weve discussed in many different times and see no real advantage changing our structure. I mean, when we look at it, weve certainly spent a fair amount of time looking at different structures, but for us it comes back to the fact that it was our vision and our integrated structure this works for us. And, you know, I think the results speak to that.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thats fair enough. And maybe I missed this, but have you actually been, have you been buying back stock at all or is that just something that you are still holding back on here, how are you thinking that? Is that versus the dividend increase that youve got? How should we think about that?
Terry Spencer: We have not been buying back any stock. We have the ability to do so, just why we went to the board in October and got that because it is a little hollow for us to say that one of our opportunities is to buy back shares, we didnt have the authority. So we do have the authority, we have not done that. So we continue to look at buying earnings. We look at our internal projects, investments internally, investments in ONEOK Partners, increasing dividends which as Curtis pointed out, weve done a pretty good job of. And buying back shares, paying down debt, weve sort of done all of it, but here recently we havent bought any shares back but we have the authority to do so.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Those are my questions. Thanks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Ted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carl Kirst of BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning everybody and certainly congratulations to everyone on the role changes. Just a couple of cleanup questions, if I could, first Terry, and going back to Mont Belvieu in the fractionation thats coming, maybe in particular what the target is that comes online here second quarter. How would you sort of define right now the tightness between Conway and Mont Belvieu mean that once that fractionation is available to you, should we really see Arbuckle, for instance, increase almost to its capacity, I mean, is there kind of a stair step change expected there?
Terry Spencer: Well, you are right on it, Carl. When that frac capacity becomes available, our throughput on Arbuckle will increase. And so as we talk, look at the North South of the Conway to Belvieu spreads or that demand for that capacity rather, that capacity is going to meet the market needs. So, I mean, that is what Arbuckle, you know, clearly provides for you. We won't be full right away on Arbuckle but by the time we get out to 2013, we are going to be pushing, pushing the envelope in terms of this capacity. And keep in mind, that the raw product that is going to make it down Arbuckle will feed our fractionation facilities and it will feed fractionation facilities of third-party. So we don't necessarily have to build more frac capacity in order to maximize Arbuckle.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: So, and that's kind of where I was getting too because ultimately, as one of the conversations is more NGL storage, more NGL fractionation potentially at Mont Belvieu. Is it more sort of the Mid-Continent liquids that's driving that or is it just more because you are looking around at whether it happens to be Eagle Ford per meter what have you, is there just sort of a need for more fractionation, almost sort of independent of the utilization of Arbuckle?
Terry Spencer: Well, you know, I think there is a need for fractionation capacity all the way around. I mean, you know, clearly, the Eagle Ford you've got have fractionation capacity if that continues to grow at that rate everybody thinks it's going to grow at. Mid-Continent has been very strong. It needs, it needs more fractionation capacity but it wants it, the market wants it at Belvieu because that's where the incremental market is for that product. So, it's not just necessarily one particular spot, it is pretty much industrywide but barrels want to make it to the Gulf coast which is where you know the incremental market is. I hope that answers your question.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Yeah. That's very helpful. Thank you. And then maybe last question, maybe for Rob, just on the energy services and you talked, you mentioned that the  the premium margins regarding the fourth quarter benefited a little bit from the warm weather being (inaudible) I guess, purchasing that capacity cheaper. Did any of that perhaps flow through into the first, the first quarter or the cold snaps that we saw did that raise that just trying to see as we enter the year, that midpoint of guidance for energy services has upside bias to it you know much the way 12 months ago when we entered and we are looking at energy services for 2010, obviously, you guys exceeded that quite nicely.
Rob Martinovich: I guess, I would answer the question with regards to not, were not change in guidance during the period that we had the extremely cold weather, it was really, that was particularly challenging for our energy services folks as well. Two, because of the supply situation they were encountered, so they did a fantastic job, keeping their heads above water during that  during that time period and, with the help of pipeline control and our gas pipelines group. So, we've managed it very well but considering the conditions.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. But don't necessarily look for upside bias into that?
Rob Martinovich: I guess again  I would say no. I'm not commenting on 11 guidance.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Selman Akyol of Stifel Nicolaus.
Selman Akyol  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Appreciate all the color. As we think about storage and I appreciate the comments over at services, but as I think about partners, it's 100% fee-based and I was just wondering just sort of how much of that is renewing as you go into 2011? And then sort of what is your outlook giving comments over at services?
Terry Spencer: Why don't you start with a partnership. This is Terry. Let me give you the answer to the partnership question. As we look specifically at our natural gas storage, our contracts generally are  we've got about 25% of our contracts coming up for renewal every year. And at this point in time, we are seeing you know continued interest in our capacity and having no problems getting that capacity we signed.
Selman Akyol  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Terry Spencer: I hope that answers your question.
Selman Akyol  Stifel Nicolaus: That absolutely does. And then as you think about Northern Borders, it sounds like, I don't know, it's running above your expectations, given that, you know you're seeing higher capacity contracted for or that is your know you doing better than what you thought three months ago, is that a fair statement or did you see this coming?
Terry Spencer: I think we  I mean we always view that asset, every member sitting at analyst meetings and presentations as much as three years ago, talking about how this particular asset was connected to one of the strongest markets in the U.S. and it was also connected to a very strong supply basis. So we've always had a lot of confidence in this asset. I think a particular, what the recent events have shown is this pipeline is extremely well positioned and it continues to be the low cost provider of service for gas wanting to come out of Canada. And it's clearly demonstrated that and the market recognizes it and that's why we are full.
Selman Akyol  Stifel Nicolaus: Appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Greg Spear [ph] of Tui Brothers [ph]. Actually it looks like Mr. Spear disconnect. I'm showing no further questions.
Dan Harrison: All right. Thank you very much. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners conference call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the first quarter will start when we close our books in early April and will extend until first quarter earnings are released on May 3 with our conference call scheduled for May 4. Well provide additional details on the news release and conference call at a later date. Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day to answer any follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all now disconnect. Thank you and have a nice day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - IR John Gibson - President & CEO Curtis Dinan - SVP & CFO Terry Spencer - COO, ONEOK Partners Rob Martinovich - COO, ONEOK 
Analysts: John Tyson - Citi Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Andrew Gundlach - ASB Xin Liu - JPMorgan Mark Reichman - Madison Williams Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital Tim Schneider - Citigroup Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to your Second Quarter 2010 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct the question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Dan Harrison. You may begin, sir.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us. Any statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK President and CEO and ONEOK Partners Chairman, President and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thanks Dan. Good morning. Thanks for joining us and for your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on the call today are Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; Terry Spencer, Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK Partners and Rob Martinovich, Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK. ONEOK and ONEOK Partners again posted solid operating performances with all of our business segments performing well. We are reaffirming our 2010 earnings guidance for both entities and increasing ONEOK Partners 2010 capital expenditures to reflect our planned spending this year for the projects we've announced. During the quarter we continued to deliver on our commitments. ONEOK Partners is benefitting from the growth projects we completed last year and will continue to grow and generate attractive returns from the investments we've just announced. Our distribution segments, operating income and returns are the result of a very deliberate and innovative approach to rate making is paying off. Energy services continues to make progress on reducing its contracted storage and transportation capacity, reducing annual earnings volatility and with a renewed focus on its premium services customers who are the lynchpin of this very important business. ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners' financial position is solid with the structure and flexibility to fund growth, either organically or through acquisitions and as Terry will discuss in a few minutes, we've taken the necessary steps to resolve the short term NGL bottlenecks that have limited our ability to capture additional NGL optimization margins. Now a lot has been written and concluded about Williams' decision to acquire 50% ownership of Overland Pass. As we have said many times over the past several years, we do not expect Williams' increased ownership and potential operatorship to affect Overland Pass's ability to add new volumes and grow. Had we believed otherwise, we would not have agreed to the option. Agreeing to the option, with a recognized world class pipeline operator and company in exchange for barrels dedicated to Overland Pass was frankly a pretty good trade. The ability for Williams' to increase its ownership in and potentially become operator of Overland Pass was willingly negotiated four years ago. We believe then as we do now that it was important that NGL take away capacity from the Rockies be built and that it would be built to our NGL infrastructure in the mid-continent.
 : Our announcement last week to expand Overland Pass to accommodate additional NGL volumes from our newly announced Bakken pipeline is a testament to our strong partnership with Williams and our shared commitment to grow and how well aligned we are and in a moment, Curtis will explain why the earnings impact is not significant. So, at this time I will turn it over Curtis who will provide us with a financial highlight of ONEOK partners and then Terry will review the operating performance along with some industry dynamics. Curtis?
 : Our announcement last week to expand Overland Pass to accommodate additional NGL volumes from our newly announced Bakken pipeline is a testament to our strong partnership with Williams and our shared commitment to grow and how well aligned we are and in a moment, Curtis will explain why the earnings impact is not significant. So, at this time I will turn it over Curtis who will provide us with a financial highlight of ONEOK partners and then Terry will review the operating performance along with some industry dynamics. Curtis?
 : Our announcement last week to expand Overland Pass to accommodate additional NGL volumes from our newly announced Bakken pipeline is a testament to our strong partnership with Williams and our shared commitment to grow and how well aligned we are and in a moment, Curtis will explain why the earnings impact is not significant. So, at this time I will turn it over Curtis who will provide us with a financial highlight of ONEOK partners and then Terry will review the operating performance along with some industry dynamics. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan:  Thanks John and good morning everyone. John has already provided a brief summary of the partnerships second quarter results and Terry will provide additional detail in a moment. My remarks will focus on the financial results and our expectations. In the second quarter ONEOK partners reported net income of $105 million or $0.75 per unit compared with last years second quarter net income of $98 million or $0.81 per unit. In the second quarter, we had a 101.9 million units outstanding compared with 91.4 million units in the same period last year. Our two equity offerings in July 2009 and February 2010 added approximately 11 million additional units. Distributable cash flow in the second quarter was a $140 million compared with $131 million in the second quarter 2009. While the coverage ratio for the first six months was slightly below one time we continue to expect the annual coverage ratio will be in our targeted range of 1.05 to 1.15 times. As Terry will describe in more detail we expect margins to improve in the second half of 2010 especially in the natural gas liquid segment where a significant frac only contract expires in the third quarter. The exploration of that contract will free up capacity at our Mont Belvieu fractionator which will be used to provide additional bundled services to our customers and we will create additional optimization opportunities. For the second quarter 2010 the partnership increased the distribution one penny to $1.12 per unit representing an annualized rate of $4.48 per unit. This is the 15th distribution increase since ONEOK sole general partner and it represents accumulative 40% increase over that time. Pending Board approval the partnership is on track to increase the distribution one penny per quarter for the remainder of the year. We have reaffirmed the partnerships 2010 guidance and expect net income to be on the range of $450 million to $490 million for the year taking into account Williams decision to increase it's ownership in Overland Pass pipeline to 50%. Until the Overland Pass transaction with Williams closes, we will continue to record 99% of the earnings from Overland Pass. Once the transaction closes, we will deconsolidate ONEOK Partners and our financial statements and record future earnings as equity earnings from investments, similar to how we account for our 50% interest in Northern Border Pipeline. As I mentioned, we have reaffirmed the partnership's 2010 guidance taking into the account the Williams exercise. Although the effect of deconsolidating Overland Pass will change the individual line items in our guidance, the overall impact on net income is not significant. The impact of the reduction in the partnership share of earnings from Overland Pass to 50% from 99% for the last three to four months of 2010 will be offset by lower interest expense from the receipt of $425 million which will reduce short term debt and eliminates a long term debt offering that was planned for later this year. Sometime after we complete this transaction we will update the various components of our 2010 guidance to reflect the deconsolidation of Overland Pass. Capital expenditure guidance for the partnership has been increased $115 million to $477 million, comprised of 394 million in growth capital and 83 million in maintenance capital. The increase in growth capital relates to our recently announced capital projects. We have hedges in place to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the partnership's natural gas gathering and processing segment which has the most sensitivity to commodity price changes. For the remainder of 2010, we have hedged 95% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.55 per MMBtu and 63% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $1.24 per gallon. For 2011, approximately 75% of or expected natural gas equity volumes are hedged at $5.72 per MMBtu and 13% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $1.65 per gallon. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and replace additional hedges as conditions warrant to mitigate our overall risk. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $680 million of debt outstanding and $320 million available under its $1 billion revolving credit agreement. The partnership's total debt to capital ratio was 52% and its debt to EBITDA ratio has improved to 4.3 from 4.5 at December 31st 2009. Following the closing of the Overland Pass transaction with Williams, our debt-to-capital ratio will be less than 50% and our debt to EBITDA ratio is expected to be less than 3.75. In June, the partnership established a commercial paper program, providing for the issuance of up to $1 billion of unsecured commercial paper notes. Borrowings under the commercial paper program will reduce the borrowings available under the partnership's revolver. In July, we repaid all amounts outstanding under the revolver through the issuance of commercial paper and effectively reduced our short term borrowing cost to approximately 25 basis points. During the second quarter the partnership repaid $250 million of maturing long-term debt with available cash and short term borrowings. This repayment eliminated the ratings triggers that the partnership had in its debt covenants. Our next long-term debt maturity is $225 million due in 2011. With the pending receipt of approximately $425 million from Williams for its increased share of Overland Pass. The partnership does not anticipate any additional financing this year but we will continue to monitor the capital markets and take advantage of opportunities that are presented. Now, Terry Spencer will provide you with an overview of the operating performance of the partnership. Thanks Curtis and good morning.
Terry Spencer:  Thanks Curtis and good morning. The partnership had a solid operating performance in the second quarter from all segments driven primarily by volume increases in both the natural gas and natural gas liquids business from our recently completed $2 billion plus growth capital program. Similar to the first quarter the benefit of these higher natural gas liquids volumes was offset by lower optimization margins in the natural gas liquid segment as increasing NGL volumes from customers under fee-based contracts limited the fractionation and transportation capacity available for optimization activities. We expect these margins to significantly improve in the near and long-term future for several reasons. First, there is a significantly NGL legacy frac only contract expiring in the third quarter of this year that will free up space at our Mont Belvieu fractionator and we will be used to serve optimization and bundled service fee-based contracts. Second, additional fractionation capacity from the 60,000 barrels per day fractionation services agreement with Targa will become available on the second quarter of next year and thirdly we announced last week as 50,000 barrel per day expansion of our Sterling I NGL distribution pipeline which I will discuss in more detail later. We were well aware of the concerns relating to our tightening fractionation and transportation capacity and how it will impact our earnings but the actions we are taking to free up capacity allow us to maintain our natural gas liquid segment guidance for the year. I will now briefly discuss the operating performance of ONEOK Partners three segments. The gathering and processing segments, second quarter financial results were approximately 7% higher compared with the same period last year due primarily to higher net realized commodity prices and higher processed natural gas volumes. Offset somewhat by lower gathered volumes primarily in the Powder River basin in Wyoming. Our process volumes continue to grow. In the second quarter process volumes were up 5% compared with the second quarter of last year and up nearly 4% compared with the first quarter of this year. Processed volumes remain resilient due to our strong presence in the growing natural gas liquids rich Bakken Shale and North Dakota and the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma. Our gathered volumes were down in the second quarter of 2010 compared with the second quarter of 2009 due mainly to the lower Powder River volumes. However, these volumes were relatively flat compared with the first quarter of this year. For the remainder of 2010 we expect our gathered volumes will be relatively flat to last year due to our Grasslands plant in the Williston Basin ramping up. As well as from incremental volumes as a result of the system expansions in the Woodford Shale which we announced in April and will allow us to access available processing capacity by connecting our Western Oklahoma gathering system to our existing Maysville processing plant. We are also maintaining our guidance for this segment with continued growth expected in processed volumes and more than 63% of our NGLs and condensate and 95% of our natural gas hedged for the remaining of 2010. We have placed additional hedges on for 2011, including 75% of our equity natural gas volumes and 13% of our NGLs and condensate. Now moving to our natural gas pipeline segment, this segment had another solid quarter. The second quarter results were driven by increased contract transportation capacity from two growth projects completed in the last half of 2009. The mid-western gas transmission interconnection with the Rockies express pipeline and the Viking Gas Transmission go lateral. For the second quarter our interstate and intrastate pipelines were approximately 84% subscribed under demand based rates, compared with 79% in the second quarter of 2009. Equity earnings from our 50% interest in Northern Border Pipeline for the second quarter were exceptional, doubling earnings from the second quarter in 2009 due to an increase in natural gas throughput. Northern Border Pipeline's subscribed capacity increased in the second quarter due to strong Midwest market demand and is fully subscribed through October of this year. Now let's move to our natural gas liquid segment. As I discussed earlier, the natural gas liquid segment benefited from higher NGL volumes gathered, fractionated, marketed and transported, primarily as a result of the completion of the Arbuckle Pipeline and the lateral pipelines on Overland Pass. NGLs fractionated during the second quarter increased to 524,000 barrels per day, 9% higher than last year's second quarter and almost 7% higher than the first quarter, further emphasizing that fractionation capacity continues to be tight. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were up 32% to 480,000 barrels per day, compared with 364,000 barrels per day for the same period last year. NGLs transported on our distribution lines increased 5% to 482,000 barrels per day. Overland Pass pipeline volumes averaged almost 130,000 barrels per day during the quarter, nearing its current capacity of 140,000 barrels per day and necessitating continued expansions such as those announced last week. Arbuckle volumes averaged nearly 72,000 barrels per day during the quarter, in line with our expectations and is well positioned to accommodate Rockies, mid-continent and Barnett Shale production growth in particular. As we increase our access to more fractionation capacity in Mont Belvieu. The average price differential for ethane between the Conway and Mont Belvieu market centers was $0.16 per gallon during the quarter, compared with $0.12 for the same period in 2009. A Midwest ethylene cracker, down for maintenance, impacted market dynamics, especially the Conway to Mont Belvieu ethane differentials. Since June, ethane differentials had narrowed from a high of over $0.25 but we expect these differentials to remain relatively wide from a historical perspective for the rest of this year. As petrochemical demand remains robust and NGL supplies continue to grow. As I mentioned earlier this wider differentials did not translate into high optimization margins as capacity for optimization was limited. Again, we expect this capacity constraints to be resolved as we move throughout the year and next. Now, some additional color on the NGL markets. As the feedstock to the stock to the petrochemical industry, ethane is expected to continue to be economically attractive over the heavier oil based feeds, such as NAFTA, driven primarily by wide crude oil to natural gas price ratios. Petchem demand remained strong and coupled with the price advantages of ethane expected to continue, this creates a strong incentive for crackers to utilize ethane and continue their efforts to convert to NGL feedstocks. We still believe there are more than 100,000 barrels per day of additional ethane demand related to the conversion of heavy end crackers to ethane and another 100,000 barrels per day of excess ethane cracking capacity available in Canada. There's been a lot written about the potential for a glut of NGLs specifically ethane. In our view, we believe that ethane supply and demand will remain relatively balanced over the next couple of years, especially when you consider that first according to the production data we have studied, decline rates in many NGL producing areas are much steeper, certainly in the double digits per year and have matched by the increase in production from Shale development. We believe that the decline in existing production combined with demand growth will absorb much of the new supplies coming on line. Secondly, petchems are stepping forward, not only in converting their crackers to lighter and feeds but are also seriously considering demothballing existing plans, thus creating incremental demand for NGL. Third, a large petrochemical company has noted that ethylene demand growth is occurring in South America as its economy improves. Canadian demand for ethane is also strengthening, as projects are emerging that would enable U.S. ethane suppliers to serve available cracking capacity in Canada. While NGL supply demand will continue to be the subject of discussion and debate within our industry, we will remain focused on our customers, providing them with reliable and valuable nondiscretionary fee-based services. With increased natural gas and natural gas liquids production from the Shale plays, more specifically in the Bakken Shale, there's an increase need for NGL takeaway capacity. Producers continue to aggressively develop NGL-rich natural gas from crude oil-producing wells in the Bakken and Three Forks formations, which led us to announce several new projects. First, the Bakken NGL Pipeline at 600-mile pipeline with capacity to transport up to 60,000 barrels per day of unfractionated NGLs from North Dakota to the Overland Pass Pipeline near Cheyenne, Wyoming. Supply commitments are anchored by NGL production from our own natural gas processing plants, including the Grasslands plants and the new Garden Creek processing facility is also well-positioned to serve new developments in the Niobrara Shale emerging in Eastern Wyoming and Northern Colorado. We also planned to expand Overland Pass Pipeline to 255,000 barrels per day, from 140,000 barrels per day and as well expand our NGL fractionation capacity in Bushton, Kansas to 210,000 barrels per day from 150,000 barrels per day. We also announced plans to expand our existing Sterling I NGL distribution pipeline, increasing its capacity by 15,000 barrels per day, which will be supplied by the partnerships Mid-Continent NGL infrastructure enabling us to transport additional NGL purity products for our customers under fee-based contracts and increase the capacity available for our optimization activities. The Sterling I expansion will begin later this year and is expected to be completed in the second half of 2011. We also continue to evaluate additional expansion of our Mid-Continent to Gulf Coast NGL distribution pipeline capacity, based upon demand for our services. As Curtis discussed, we have increased our capital expenditure guidance by 115 million to 477 million for 2010. As these newly announced projects progress and the material purchase schedules become finalized as well as announcing additional new projects, we may adjust these estimates later in the year. Finally, a few comments on Williams exercising its option to increase its ownership of Overland Pass Pipeline to 50%. As John mentioned, we have a strong partnership with Williams and we are both committed to growing Overland Pass. Upon closing the transaction and acquiring 50% ownership, Williams has the option to become operator and may very well elect to do so. That's okay with us. Williams, like ONEOK, is an excellent pipeline operator. John, that concludes my remark.
John Gibson:  Thank you Terry and congratulations on another good quarter. Now Curtis will review ONEOK's financial performance and then turn it over to Rob who will then review ONEOK's operating performance. Curtis? 
Curtis Dinan:  Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the second quarter was $41.7 million or $0.39 per diluted share unchanged from second quarter 2009. Consistent with our guidance, ONEOK increased the dividend $0.02 to $0.46 per share for the second quarter 2010. This is the ninth dividend increase since January 2006 and it represents a cumulative 64% increase over that time. We remain committed to our targeted long-term dividend payout ratio of 60-70% of recurring earnings. We have reaffirmed our 2010 financial guidance and continue to expect net income to be on the range of $300 million to $335 million for the year. Rob will provide more details on the drivers of this financial performance in a few minutes. We currently estimate standalone cash flow before changes in working capital to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by $215 million to $250 million. By virtue of ONEOK's general partner interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $76 million in distributions from the partnership during the second quarter, a 10% increase from the second quarter of 2009. At the partnerships estimated distribution level as detailed in the 2010 guidance, ONEOK expects to receive approximately $304 million in distributions for 2010, a 9% increase over 2009. At the end of the second quarter and on a standalone basis, ONEOK had no short-term debt outstanding $1.2 billion available on our credit facility, $100 million in cash and cash equivalence and approximately $340 million of natural gas in storage. ONEOK stand alone debt to equity remains 39% below our 50-50 debt to equity target. We currently project short term borrowings to remain below $300 million for the remainder of the year. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011 when $400 million comes due. ONEOK significant free cash flow and financial flexibility provide us with opportunities to make acquisitions, increase our investment at ONEOK partners, increase future dividends or repurchase shares. Now Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOK's operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks Curtis and good morning everyone, lets start with our distribution segment. Second quarter results were significantly higher compared with the second quarter of 2009, improved margins were driven primarily by increased revenues and our new rate structures approved in our 2009 Oklahoma rate case. By design, this new rate structure reduces volumetric sensitivity by increasing fixed fees, which increases revenues in the warmer months. Successful rate activity in all three states generated additional revenues. Expenses decreased due to lower employee related cost, but were mostly offset by previously deferred integrity management cost that are now recovered in base rates. We continue our efforts to grow our rate base by efficiently investing capital in projects that provide benefits to our customers and our shareholders. To that end our largest efficiency project is progressing well, we are about 50% complete on our $31 million automated meter installation program for our residential customers in Tulsa and Oklahoma City. With completion expected during the fourth quarter. These meters will enable quicker, safer and more efficient meter reading and provide a net reduction in expenses, while allowing us to earn a return on these investments under our new performance based rate structure, creating a win-win for customers and the company. With that I'll discuses the latest regulatory updates in our states beginning in Oklahoma. The late January we filed and application requesting recovery at $15.7 million in integrity management program cost that were differed in 2009 and in May filed supplemental testimony increasing this amount to $16.7 million. On June 30th, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission approved our application and billings of the new rates begin July 1st. The recovery of these integrity management program cost will have no impact on earnings as they are fully offset by increased revenues. In May, Kansas gas service withdrew its application with the Kansas Corporation Commission to become an efficiency Kansas utility partner. Due to a wide discrepancy between all parties involved as well as the lack of participation in the program that's designed to promote energy conservation. We continue a dialog with the convention seeking a resolution that works for all parties. In Texas, we filed an appeal with the Railroad Commission of Texas on May 12th to increase rates by $5.3 million in our El Paso Service Area after the El Paso City Council denied our rate request. Hearings begin in late August and the commission has until mid-November to make a decision. Any new rates would likely go into effect within 20 days of receiving the new rate order if a motion for rehearing is not filed. Eight costs of service of adjustments were filed throughout our Texas jurisdictions, with an expected total annual impact earnings of approximately $1.7 million. The 2010 impact was previously incorporated into our guidance. Finally there has been active interest by the Railroad Commission of Texas to initiatives a rule making procedure proposing the replacement of steel, natural gas service lines. We agree that replacing aging infrastructure is important but believe that replacing bare steel service lines as opposed to coated steel service lines should be the focus. A small percentage of Texas gas service lines are bare steel pipe. This proposal is still in the development stages by the Railroad Commission of Texas and any capital expenditure impact associated with replacing lines would be recovered through the regulatory process. For 2010, we remain confident in our $223 million operating income guidance for our distribution segment. Now let's turn to energy services. Our second quarter results were as expected driven primarily by lower transportation margins due to tighter mid-continent to Gulf coast location differentials and lower realized seasonal storage differentials and marketing margins. In addition, energy services had a decrease in premium services revenues while the volumetric level of contracted premium services was about the same as last year revenues were lower due to flat forward commodity prices and reduced market volatility. Our natural gas and storage at the end of the second quarter was about 50 bcf down from last year 69 bcf due primarily to the year-over-year reduction of leased storage capacity. We currently have 75 bcf of storage capacity under leased compared with 83 bcf at the end of the second quarter of 2009. On July 30, 2010 we had approximately 55 bcf of gas and storage. As part of our ongoing realignment of storage and transportation capacity to meet the requirements of our premium services customers. We are on track to reduce our storage capacity to 71 bcf by the end of this year and to 65 bcf by the end f 2011. We expect our long-term transportation to be at 1.3 bcf per day by the end of 2010 and approximately 1 bcf per day by the end of 2012 compared with our current long-term transportation capacity of 1.4 bcf per day. This capacity reduction effort targets those assets with lower unit margins. Our 2010 earnings pattern is returning to a more normal pattern of higher first and fourth quarter earnings driven by the sale of natural gas related to wind or weather which follows the load trial profile of our core customers the LDCs. Looking at the second half of the year we continue to expect the balance of the summer to be challenging with tighter natural gas location differentials and limited optimization opportunities as a result of reduced market volatility. For the fourth quarter we expect tighter seasonal storage differentials compared with 2009 and reduced premium services revenues as a result of flat forward commodity prices and reduced market volatility. Seasonal storage differentials have tightened over the past few months as a result of the extreme heat that is limiting storage injections due to the increased natural gas demand for cooling. Storage balances will be more than adequate to meet winter demand but storage has not filled up as quickly as anticipated thus limiting downward pressure on summer prices which has resulted in the tightening of the seasonal differential. The heat has kept summer prices strong while winter prices have fallen as the market place has become comfortable that the combined capabilities of gas and storage and flowing gas will cover winter load requirements. For the November and December withdrawal period approximately 86% of our storage margins are hedged. In addition, approximately 78% of our transportation margins are hedged for the balance of the year. We'll complete our storage hedges for 2010 as we inject gas into storage or financially, if spreads significantly widen. For transportation, we'll continue to be opportunistic. If differentials widen in the remaining summer months we will put additional hedges in place. If they don't we will optimize our position in the daily marketplace. For 2011 we have hedged approximately 35% of our transportation margins for the year and approximately 71% of our storage margins for the first quarter. We expect to energy services to achieve its 2010 earnings guidance of $107 million in operating income. John, this concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you Rob. Congratulations to you and Pierce, Chuck, Pat on a good quarter. Obviously we're very optimistic about our future. Not only have we delivered on our past promises, we've also developed new and exiting growth projects. Earlier in the year, our 300 to $500 million annual growth spending lacked specificity, at least publically. At midyear, our $1.1 billion in announced projects are well developed, well funded and backed by commitments from key customers. We also continue to be active on the mergers and acquisitions front. If you know our history, you know that almost all of our growth between 1999 and 2005 was the result of acquiring assets allowing us to develop the capability to acquire, integrate and operate those assets along with the disciplines and not overpay for them while taking into account the embedded and sometimes unseen growth potential that many acquisitions present. While we have not completed any transactions lately, we remain active, evaluating most of the assets that come to market and many that don't, looking for the right ones that will create long term value for our customers, our investors and our employees and finally on that point I'd like to thank our more than 4,700 employees whose continued contributions create value for our investors and our customers and I'd like to thank all of them for their commitment, their continued dedication and hardwork. And with that operator, we're now ready to answer any questions.
John Tyson - Citi: Good morning gentlemen.
John Gibson: Good morning John.
John Tyson - Citi: Terry, I guess this question is for you. In the NGL segment, at OKs, volumes on for fractionation have continued to be strong, steadily growing over the last few quarters. However if you look at NGL sales and NGLs transported over distribution lines, out of this segment, out of the NGL segment, they've been a little bit more variable where a strong enough fourth quarter kind of came down in the first quarter and then made a rebound back up in the second quarter. Can you just kind of give us some color as to what's going on there and what's kind of driving that variability?
Terry Spencer: Sure John. We have our mid-continent infrastructure connected to these distribution pipelines okay, like our Sterling pipeline system for example. And we have, what we call our North system pipes where products will move into the Conway market area through those lines to our Sterling pipelines we'll move product into the Mont Belvieu area. But we have another pipe called our North System which is the pipeline system we acquired from Kinder Morgan couple of years back where we moved products to the Midwest. Okay and we move normal butanes and we move propane and so that pipeline is creating some of that variability that you're seeing.
John Tyson - Citi: When you look at NGL sales out of this segment, what is -- because it's pretty clear on the gathering and processing side when NGL sales are related to but I guess in this system it's a little bit different, can you describe what you're actually doing for NGL sales, is that more related to the optimization or is that the basis differentials that you're able to take advantage of in Mid-Continent to Mont Belvieu, or is that strictly just selling NGLs into petrochemical companies?
John Gibson: It's actually a combination of both. The primary, the lion share that volume is from our plant tailgate purchases, if you will, from the processing plants that are connected to our supply infrastructure. We'll purchase those barrels on an index basis if you will or in opus basis less the fee that's -- and then in turn sell those barrels after we purchase them. So, you'll see that volume fluctuate from time to time as the production lose up and down.
John Tyson - Citi: Will that go up and down if you are putting NGL in the storage and taking them out of storage, will that have an impact at all?
John Gibson: Yeah, it could have some impact, I mean, you have, when we do and calculate our supply WACOG. We will factor in barrels that we withdraw, it will be valued at a WACOG and that does affect our cost of goods sold and obviously affect what we reflect in terms of sales.
John Tyson - Citi: And then lastly, when this, I guess, legacy fractionation contract rolls off in the third quarter, would we expect those NGL sales and NGL-fractionated volumes to go up or just mainly NGL sales?
John Gibson: Well, since it's not our, it is not fractionation capacity that we operate, okay, that will not be reflected as an increase in fractionation volume, okay. Where you will see the impact, you'll see it in the sales and you'll see it in the gathering or transportation throughput, you'll see an increase there. What we intend to do is to move more barrels down our Arbuckle Pipeline to fill this capacity. So, you'll see that increase in volume reflected there.
John Tyson - Citi: Which is the reason why you pointed out as a frac-only contract, there's no transportation or gathering associated with those barrels currently.
John Gibson: That's correct.
John Tyson - Citi: Got it. That helps, thanks guys.
John Gibson: Let me make sure. Let me just clarify one thing. When this contract, I just want to make sure I'm clear on this, when this contract expires, okay, you will not see a net increase in fractionation volume because we're basically replaced in it, okay. So, you'll see it in these other places that I indicated earlier. Just want to make sure we're all clear on that.
John Tyson - Citi: No, that's clear. Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Hi guys.
Rob Martinovich: Hey Ted.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Just want to turn to the Bakken projects, can you give us a little sense of the counter parties, what kind of contracts you have there, maybe talk about what the volumes are right now, where you see them going, we have heard about another pipeline that's will take the liquids to the North, either in the volume that's above?
Rob Martinovich: I think Terry is in the best position to really address both of the results -- questions.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think, clearly the potential is there to fill both pipelines relatively quickly. And when I say quickly, I am talking over the next two, three, four years. It's very possible these two pipelines could be filled. When we look at our contracts and the nature of the parties that we are dealing with, we are dealing with the mix. A lot of them are independents; some of them are large independents, some of them had a very extensive acreage position in the Bakken for many, many years. Some of them are new entrants into the play. Okay, so, we've got a mix -- they are actually some, what I would classify, major independents or in there as well. Our contracts are primarily percent of proceeds contracts. They are on dedicated acreage to us and we have a very sizeable dedication position. That's what's making all this possible for us. The contracts will be a mix of term. Some will be long-term, well beyond 10 years. Some will be shorter-term; depending upon what fits the producer. But they will predominantly percent of proceeds contracts.  
Rob Martinovich:  A lot of the Bakken throughput will be from our own facilities.
Terry Spencer:  Yes. In excess of 30% of the throughput we've indicated, that 600,000 barrels a day will be from our own partnership control facilities.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs:  Got it. 
Terry Spencer:  Or operated facilities.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs:  Got you. That's really helpful. Thank you. And then, let me just ask one more question in terms of, you've talked about the chemical demand in some of the ethylene cracker outages. Where do you see the industry able to run in terms of the utilization rates? How hard can they run as we feel this extra supply coming on from the extra liquid fuel in?
John Gibson:  You know, today if we you look through 2010 year-to-date, you're averaging about 88%. That's your petrochemical utilization rate. We've been, at periods of time, well above 95%. Not for a very long periods of time. The question is whether that's sustainable? So, you could see significant demand coming from just increased utilization. Okay? I think there are other places as I indicated in my comments, we're really seeing a potential pop are in Canada and South America, which are markets that we have an advantage or at least at our petrochemical businesses have an advantage at serving. So, as we see that project, that was indicated earlier, out of the Bakken that goes north to sort of petrochemical facilities in Canada is a great example of petrochemical facilities needing more product and we're going to step up and make commitments necessary to do that.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thanks a lot. Those were my questions.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Andrew Gundlach with ASB.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: Good morning. These are all impressive projects. And I am just curious if you could comment John on what you think the rate of return on $713 million at the higher end might achieve.
John Gibson:  Andrew, we see this, as we've indicated in our releases, been in the 5 to 7 times EBITDA, typical and consistent with some of our past projects as well.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB:  And then with respect to the Sterling and your comments on the potential difficulties to your optimization business, is there pressure to close the Mont Belvieu-Conway gap in the sense that, if you don't do it quickly enough a competitor will do it and make your strategic and business life a little bit more challenging.
Rob Martinovich: Always, that's an indication of a widening -- consistently wide bases is an indications that infrastructure needs to be built, service needs to be provided, so that's -- if you look at every pipeline that we've build and particularly as it relates to the NGLPs, that's exactly what we've done and why we've done it, so not only were we looking into expanding -- heavily announced that we were expanding Sterling but we continue to look at our existing infrastructure. Between those two points and opportunities to expand because we are the -- best situated to provide that expansion in industry.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: I would agree with that and that's why I found Sterling to be small, relative to the potential market, I guess you could even imagine 50 or even a 100,000 type of expansion. I don't know, I guess the question here is how much -- If you look over the next three to five years, how much capacity is needed to narrow that differential to a more normal -- to a level that's acceptable from the producers.
John Gibson: Right, so part of this - part of the answer gets to the point Terry was making about, this NGL glut, this perception of a NGL glut, not taking to account the decline rates that we're seeing, but Terry probably can provide a bit more color to that. 
Terry Spencer: The 15,000 barrels-a-day is just one of the low hanging fruit projects that we have to create more capacity. If you look at Arbuckle, when we built Arbuckle and that's a 160,000 barrel-a-day and we're moving about 70 to 72,000 barrels down it right now, in effect is -- it's a north-south pipe, it's just moving raw feed and as opposed to purity products, so we have a considerable amount of capacity that we've not been not been able to utilize in out Arbuckle because we've been limited in terms of frac capacity at Mont Belvieu. So you follow me?
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: Yes I do, so that will change with -- okay that problem will take care of itself.
John Gibson: That problem is setup to take care of itself with a contract exploration and a 60,000 barrel a day contract with target and we will also take care of part of that problem when we expand the Bushton fractionator, so the unique position is of course having the gathering, the fractionation and the transportation, whether it be on raw or whether it's on finished product and balancing all those pieces together, that's what gives us the advantage of finding the most economical way to expand the system to provide the best service at the lowest cost to the producer.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: I understand, let me just make sure I do understand this, so that 60 that will be available of additional fractionation capacity, will be in effect of volumes that you back out of Conway, use Arbuckle to take down to the Gulf Coast and that will then free up Bushton and Sterling expansion in a sense that there is some double counting so to speak is that am I understanding it correctly? We can do it offline if you want it.
John Gibson:  What it obviously does is also us to frac more barrels in Belvieu that we are frac at Conway which puts more finished product to Belvieu than at Conway which should reduce the basis.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: I understand and how long do you think it takes before that basis gets to a more normal level, two years?
Curtis Dinan:  I mean historically we have actually seen it move pretty quick in months. My guess is that I will say that it will would take sometime probably six months to a year probably to see for that impact and the marketplace to settle out. So, 6 to 12 months but you could see some impact immediately.
Terry Spencer: I guess my estimation would be once the infrastructure is in place and you can rest assured we are doing everything we can to get it in place as quickly as we can. I think it will narrow or it will tighten I don't know what the right word is, sooner rather than later.
John Gibson: I would agree.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: Great. Thanks for the comments.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Xin Liu with JPMorgan.
Xin Liu - JPMorgan:  Good morning guys. 
John Gibson: Good morning Xin. How are you?
Xin Liu - JPMorgan: Good, so, for the frac contract that's roading off, what is the capacity we're talking about?
John Gibson: I would not release that and we don't intend to.
Xin Liu - JPMorgan: Okay and you mentioned that you are gaining some incremental margins from bundled services and option for optimization and can you break down like what percent you think you get from bundled services versus optimization?
Terry Spencer: We have not disclosed that information either what I can say is that at least initially most of that capacity will be optimization but over the long-term it will move towards a mix of optimization and the bundled fee-based service contracts.
Xin Liu - JPMorgan: Okay and just a question on Overland Pass, I looked at your guidance you sold 50% and the earnings impacted just offsetting the interest expense. It looks the earnings it looks rather low and can you comment on that?
Curtis Dinan : If you are saying the earnings on Overland Pass are low.
Xin Liu - JPMorgan: Yeah you sold 50% and that last earnings is just offset.
John Gibson: Yeah right, those link back to my comments about wanting to make sure those incremental barrels in the Rockies came to our infrastructure in the mid-continent so it should not and the reason we wanted that is as those are our 100% owned assets so yes the money we make off of Overland Pass is less than the money make off of our fractionation gathering and transportation.
Xin Liu - JPMorgan: Okay that's helpful. Thanks.
Terry Spencer: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Reichman with Madison Williams.
Mark Reichman - Madison Williams:  Hi good morning. Most of my questions have been answered but with respect to ONEOK Partners, I think Cary alluded to some of the sources of a stronger second half but I was wondering, could you just reconcile net income for the first six months with say like the low end or mid point of your full year 2010 net income guidance, just highlighting the sources of the positive changes?
Curtis Dinan: Mark, there are several things going in. One of the bigger items is what Terry's comments and what my comments were focused on which is the additional capacity that we'll have at Mont Belvieu from this frac only contract that is expiring. That will give us the opportunity to capture some of these wider differentials that we've seen between Conway and Belvieu, which we call our optimization activities and then further down the line, as Terry was describing, we'll see more bundled type of services between our pipelines such as Arbuckle and then volumes going through that frac plan, through that frac at a more current market rate associated with hose volumes. As we described last quarter, this contract was an old legacy contract that was put in place several years ago and was out of market with rates that we're seeing today.
John Gibson: Yeah, Curtis, I think the only thing I would add to that, which I think you really kind of already touched on is in our gathering and processing segment for our volumes, particularly in the Bakken Shale and in the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma. Those volumes continue to ramp up. So we have an expectation to realize some significant volume growth in the second half.
Mark Reichman - Madison Williams: Okay and most of the positive impact I guess from that expiring contract will be in the fourth quarter?
Curtis Dinan: Of Bakken?
Mark Reichman - Madison Williams: Right, okay. Great, thank you very much.
John Gibson: Yes, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Hey, good morning everyone.
John Gibson: Good morning.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Another questions on the NGLs. Can you just help me think about, on all these NGL expansion projects, Overland Pass, the Bushton fractionator, the Sterling expansion, how should I think about, what percent of that new capacity that you'll have will you use for your own account for lack of a better word versus leasing that to third parties.
Terry Spencer: Well I think a vast majority of it will be used for our own account.
John Gibson: It starts this year. It starts with the answer about; on the Bakken pipeline more than 50% of those barrels headed to Overland Pass are going to be barrels that come out of our own 100% owned processing plants.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then, as I think about the capacity that you're going to gain, so you're going to gain this initial capacity, sometime in the third quarter and then there will be another kind of step changing capacity beginning in the third quarter of '11. Is that the right way to think about it?
John Gibson: No, we've not announced anything with respect to frac, building a frac or expanding a frac next year.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Okay, I'm sorry. What I meant was
John Gibson: Hang on a second, other than target.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Right, that's what I was referring to, target.
John Gibson: '11 target, that's in the second quarter of 2011, not third.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Okay, got it. And then, just to your comments Terry about the supply-demand for ethane, when the Bushton fractionator expansion comes on, where will those, what's the end market for those? Where do those find a home, ethane, propane etcetera?
John Gibson: Well, it's going to go into a number of places. Let me just start at the top of the list. Obviously, some barrels will go into the Conway marketplace and be consumed. Some barrels will windup in the upper Midwest through our North System. And then some of the barrels will windup going through our purity products pipelines after their fractionated down to the Gulf Coast and then some of the barrels then again will move down the raw feed some of it will move in raw feed again our Arbuckle Pipeline to access the Gulf Coast. So it's going to be twin placed in a number of places, not any one particular spot.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then last question, just switching over the natural gas, you mentioned in the Powder River Basin you're still seeing basically a pretty weak environment. Can you just give a little more detail in terms of what type of drilling activity you're seeing there, what the magnitudes of the declines are, etcetera?
John Gibson: Well, it's coal bed methane gas, which once it gets established, once you get in the out years, it goes relatively flat but until you get to that point in time you will see some fairly steep declines early. Drilling activity has been very mild and it's primarily the gas net back, after you net back all costs. You're below a level that producers are still comfortable drilling in that region. There's no btu bump up, there's no processing. A gas is -- actually there is some it below that a [1000] btu per cubic foot. So there's not a whole lot of extra Gs like we have in these NGL-rich Shale plays.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Okay, thank you very much.
Curtis Dinan:  Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helen Ryoo with Barclays Capital.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Yes, good morning. My first question is related to the Sterling expansion. The 15,000 barrels per day addition, what does that represent in terms of existing capacity addition expansion on the Sterling 1 and 2? Is it roughly about 10% expansion?
John Gibson: Helen, we've not disclosed that, the capacities on the pipes and we can't do it now.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay. Then could you say whether the 1 and 2, both lines are just product lines or one of them is a light weight line?
John Gibson: They're both -- 1 and 2 are both purity products pipeline.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay, got it. Thank you and then another question, just a clarification on the Bakken Pipeline, the NGL takeaway Pipeline, you said less then 50% of the volume will come from third-party but do you need to secure third-party commitment to start the construction or is this something you could do it without a secure commitment?
John Gibson: I would say -- Helen, I would say that we were in various stages in negotiations with these third-parties. I would say we don't have to; we do not have to get all of them secured in order to move forward with this project.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then the two years, it's going to come online first quarter -- I guess first half 2013. So it's about two plus years of construction and permitting process. Is it-- does the -- how long does the construction itself take place?
John Gibson: The construction itself will take place in less than a year.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Gibson: The part that takes the longest is the fermenting.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay
Terry Spencer:  This particular pipeline relative to some of the other pipelines we've built, I think from a regulatory perspective, is going to be in pretty good shape. We'll be dealing mostly with wildlife departments. We won't have to do with the Bureau of Land Management like we did on our Overland Pass pipeline which will help us from a timing standpoint.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Gibson:  Just a point of clarification, Helen on your first question, from an economic standpoint we can proceed based on our own; we have, as a company not made a decision whether to take -- to do that or not. We still want to see what other shippers are willing to do.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital:  Right. And I guess, currently you're selling your Bakken production, Bakken NGL locally. And if so, going forward, would you say once this mine is filled you will be taking all your barrels out on this pipeline, or you would still be selling some locally as now?
Terry Spencer:  No, we would continue to sell barrels locally. The market is saturated. The local market is relatively saturated. So, we certainly have to move the excess barrels out of there. But we expect for local sales to continue.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital:  Okay, great. Thank you very much.
John Gibson:  Thank you, Helen.
Helen Ryoo - Barclays Capital:  Next question.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Tim Schneider with Citigroup.
Tim Schneider - Citigroup: Hey guys, quick question on the distribution business. So, I think the net rate case at Oklahoma that was approved in December; you guys said it was 26 million or it was going to be the net impact for the whole year, right? So, how much -- that 17.2 million that showed up in Q2, how should we think about the remainder of the year? Is that 17.2 million? Out of that 26 million showed up in Q2 and the rest shows up in Q3 and 4?
Rob Martinovich:  That's correct. And maybe just a quick correction. The 17 excluded any of the integrity management cost that you net off of that. So, 25 would include -- is a net number.
Tim Schneider - Citigroup:  Okay. And do you know what those costs were?
Rob Martinovich:  Well, I do. Yes. But what we release publicly will be right around 26 million and so for practical purposes; you can assume a similar amount in the third quarter.
Tim Schneider - Citigroup:  Okay. Got it. And then how much did the fixed fee per customer go up?
Rob Martinovich:  It varied depending upon the class of customer. For our smaller customers, plan A, it went up $2.20 and for plan B customers it went up about -- just a little bit under $7.
Tim Schneider - Citigroup:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Louis Shamie with Zimmer Lucas.
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas:  Hi, great quarter. I had a couple questions. First off, just kind of housekeeping, what was the volume mix between your different contracts in the G&P segments for this quarter?
John Gibson:  It will be in the -- I think a plant table. Does anybody have that close by?
Terry Spencer:  It's going to be around 60 to 64% fee-based and 33% pop and the balance people.
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Okay, great.
Terry Spencer:  Louis, that's on a volume basis.
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: You're right. That's what I was asking. And then in terms of the optimization business, how should we look at it? With this frac-only contract throwing off, will that bring you back to kind of the same capacity for that business as you had lets say in 2009 or how should we look a this?
John Gibson: You mean for optimization?
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Yeah, I mean the same ability that capture that basis spread.
Terry Spencer: Actually we'll enhance it considerably
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Oh, okay.
Terry Spencer: Because we will be using that Arbuckle pipe as an optimization pipe.
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Right.
Terry Spencer: And if you recall that Arbuckle (inaudible).
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: So currently the raw feed that you aren't able to move down Arbuckle because of the lack of frac capacity, where is that coming? Is that being fractionated in the mid-continents on your system or?
John Gibson: It's being fractionated and there are also volumes yet to come. That is, volumes that are being connected to our system in the interim period.
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Great.
John Gibson: Supply growth and volumes that are being fractionated in the mid-continents.
Louis Shamie - Zimmer Lucas: Perfect, thank you very much guys.
Dan Harris: Okay, well thank you all. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners call. As a reminder our quiet period for the third quarter will start when we close our books in early October and will extend until earnings are released after the market closes on November 2nd. Our third quarter conference all is scheduled for November 3rd and we'll provide additional third quarter conference call information at a later date. The Annual ONEOK, ONEOK Partners investor day is scheduled for Tuesday, October 5th in New York. Save the date notice went out last week and we'll be following up with additional information, times and meeting locations in the next month or so. Andrew, Zyla and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You many now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - IR John Gibson - President and CEO Curtis Dinan - SVP, CFO and Treasurer Terry Spencer - COO, ONEOK Partners Rob Martinovich - COO, ONEOK
Analysts: Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley Becca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs Michael Blum - Wells Fargo Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo Eve Segal - Credit Suisse Jeremy Tonet - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2010 ONEOK and ONEOK Partners earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference call, Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin call.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us. Any statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK President and CEO and ONEOK Partners Chairman, President and CEO. John.
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thanks for joining us today and of course, for your continued investment and interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on today's call are Curtis Dinan, our Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; Rob Martinovich, Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK; and Terry Spencer, our Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK Partners. As our news release has stated, both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners turned in solid operating performances, with all of our businesses performing well. We are also reaffirming the 2010 earnings guidance for both entities reflecting our confidence in continued strong performance of our businesses. Energy services performed inline with our expectations. Benefiting from increased storage and marketing margins net of hedging. We are on track with our efforts to reduce annual earnings volatility in this segment by reducing our least storage and transportation capacity. Our distribution segment continues to benefit from its innovative rate strategy with improved operating performance and returns. Rob will provide more detail on both these segments later in the call. ONEOK partners reap the benefits of our recently completed $2 million plus capital investment program. With higher NGL volumes gathered fractionated and transported. In the partnerships NGLs segment we experienced some short-term capacity bottlenecks during the quarter. As less fractionation and transportation capacity was available on our assets for optimization activities resulting in lower optimization margins when compared with the first quarter last year.  We expect to relieve the short-term capacity constraint in the coming quarters and our reaffirming guidance for this segment. Terry will provide additional information on this constraint as well as why we see this as a short-term issue. Overall, almost 73% of the partnerships first quarter margins were fee-based compared with approximately 65% in the same period last year providing the partnership with repeatable and sustainable cash flow. Our continued growth allows us to increase distributions to unitholders and dividends to shareholders. The partnership increases quarterly distribution another penny last week, representing a 40% increase since we became general partner four year ago this month.  Pending board approval, we expect to increase the ONEOK dividend by another $0.02 in July, which has grown by almost 60% in the last four years these increases are driven primarily by our commitment too and our execution of growth of ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners continues to develop additional growth opportunities, which will not only create value for the partnership unitholders, but also for ONEOK as sole general partner and 43% owner. Our announcement last week of more than $400 million of investments in the Bakken and Woodford Shale demonstrates our ability and our commitment to develop projects that provide our producers and customers with nondiscretionary services. Allowing them to deliver to market the natural gas and natural gas liquids they produce, these projects also provide attractive returns generating EBTIDA multiples of five to seven times. At this time Curtis Dinan will provide a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners financial highlights and then Terry will review the partnerships operating performance and industry trends. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. John has already provided a high level summary of the drivers and the partnerships first quarter results and Terry will provide additional detail in a moment. My remarks will focus on the financial results and our expectations. In the first quarter ONEOK Partners reported net income of $84 million or $0.57 per unit compared with last years first quarter net income of $100 million or $0.85 per unit. Distributable cash flow in the first quarter was $122 million compared with $135 million in the first quarter 2009. For the first quarter 2010 the partnership increased the distribution one penny to $1.11 per unit representing an annualized rate of $4.44 per unit. This is the fourteenth distribution increase since ONEOK become sole general partner and it represents a cumulative 40% increase over that time. Pending board approval, the partnership is on track to increase the distribution one penny per quarter for the remainder of the year. We reaffirm the partnerships 2010 guidance and expect net income to be in the range of $450 to $490 for the year and estimate that partnerships 2010 distributable cash flow to be in range of $580 to $620 million. Based on the equity offering that we completed in February, we anticipate an average of 101.4 million units outstanding for 2010. Capital expenditure for the partnership are expected to be approximately $362 million comprised of $278 million in growth capital and $84 million in maintenance capital. While growth capital expenditures were adjusted between the various businesses segments to accommodate the timing of certain projects associated with our recently announced expansions in the Bakken and Woodford Shale plays. The total amount of capital expenditures remains unchanged. We have identified additional growth projects for 2010 that we likely resulted an increase in our projected capital expenditures during the year and we will provide an updated forecast when appropriate. We have hedges in place to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the partnerships natural gas gathering and processing segment, which has the most sensitivity to commodity price changes. For the remainder of 2010, we have hedged 70% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $1.22 per gallon and 81% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.60 per MMBtu. For 2011, approximately 16% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $1.65 per gallon and 43% of our expected natural gas equity volumes are hedged at $6.29 per MMBtu. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and will place additional hedges as conditions warrant to mitigate our overall risk. At the end of the first quarter, the partnership maintained a strong balance sheet with $310 million of debt outstanding and $558 million available under our $1 billion revolving credit agreement, and the partnerships total debt-to-capital ratio was 51%.  The partnerships next long-term debt maturities are very manageable $250 million due this June, which we expect to refinance with our short-term revolver and another $225 million due in 2011. As I mentioned earlier, we completed an equity offering of approximately $5.5 million common units during the quarter, generating net proceeds of approximately $323 million that was used to reduce the amount outstanding on our $1 billion revolving credit agreement. At this time, the partnership does not anticipate any additional financing needs this year, but we will continue to monitor the capital markets and take advantage of opportunities as they are presented. Now, Terry Spencer will provide you with an overview of the operating performance of the partnership.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Curtis, and good morning. The partnership had a solid operating performance in the first quarter, driven primarily by volume increases in both the natural gas and natural gas liquids businesses from our recently completed $2 billion plus capital investment program. And accordingly the partnerships fee-based margin has grown to 73% in the first quarter of 2010, from 60% in 2006.  The gathering and processing segment's first quarter financial results were lower compared with the same period in 2009, due primarily to lower gathered volumes, primary in Powder River Basin in Wyoming. Offset somewhat by higher natural gas volumes processed. We experienced a 6% decline in natural gas gathered in the first quarter of 2010, compared with the first quarter of 2009, due primarily to production declines by producers of dry natural gas from coalbed methane wells in the Powder River Basin. We continue to see a drop off in drilling and natural gas production in the Powder River Basin due to lower natural gas prices. As you may recall, Powder River natural gas production is generally not processed since it does not contain natural gas liquids, and is some of our lowest margin throughput. However, our natural gas volumes processed increased nearly 2% for the quarter, and remained resilient due to our presence in the growing natural gas liquids rich Bakken shale and the Williston Basin in North Dakota and the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment.  These areas continue to be very active development areas driven by favorable drilling economics in large part due to the natural gas liquids content and associated crude oil and condensate production. We remain confident in this segment achieving this 2010 operating income guidance with continued growth in processing volumes and more than 70% of overall margin hedged. Weve already placed some hedges for 2011 and well continue to evaluate additional hedging opportunities as the year progresses. I would like to add some additional color on recently announced plans to invest approximately $405 million to $470 million between now and the end of 2011 in growth projects in the Bakken and Woodford Shales. We are the largest independent operator of natural gas gathering and processing facilities in the Bakken shale. We have seen significant increases in driven rig counts within for coal gathering area. Horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing techniques have resulted in new wells producing as much as 1500 barrels per day of oil and 1 million cubic per day NGL rich natural gas with NGL content in excess of 10 gallons per Mcf. Current drilling economics in the Bakken are attractive and produces have plans to continue drilling for many years to come. We have large acreages dedications in the most active development areas which require additional gathering and processing capacity to handle these increasing volumes. By the end of the year our Grasslands plant is expected to be at capacity. As a result, we will construct a new 100 million cubic feet per day gas processing facility, the Garden Creek plant and invest in expansions, upgrades additional compression and new well connects. The new plant is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2011. We expect to connect more than 300 wells in 2010 and more than 400 wells in 2011 in the Bakken shale at a cost of approximately $90 million over this timeframe. If any rig counts remain at current levels, the new wells drilled and completed on acreage dedicated to us could exceed 2400 through 2016. Now some highlights on Woodford Shale projects where the partnership will invest $55 million between now and 2011. Our western Oklahoma Systems are near capacity because of the increased drilling activity in the Cana Woodford Shale and the Colony Wash development, while more of the natural gas driven play, the natural gas produced in these areas does contain considerable natural gas liquids, which enhances drilling economic. Typical well completions in Cana Woodford which are horizontally drilled can produce as much as 8 million cubic feet per day with NGL contact of four to five gallons per Mcf. One of the projects will connect our western Oklahoma gathering system to our existing Maidsville processing plant allowing us to optimize our processing capacity and accommodate this volume growth. We expect to complete this project by the end of this year. We also expect to spend approximately $20 million in well connects in 2010 and 2011 in this region. Now moving to our natural gas pipeline segment, This predominately fee-based segment had another exceptional quarter strong first quarter results were driven by the Guardian pipeline expansion and extension that went into service in the first quarter of 2009. Our new Midwestern Gas Transmission Interconnect with Rockies Express Pipeline as well as higher natural gas storage margin. For the first quarter of 2010 our interstate and intrastate pipelines were approximately 91% subscribed under demand based rates compared with 79% in the first quarter of 2009. The FERC recently announce its approval and authorization for TransCanada to construct the Bison pipeline that will connect to Northern Boarder pipeline. Thereby connecting Rockies supply with upper Midwest markets and diversifying Northern Boarder pipelines to supply sources. Bison is expected to be in service in November of this year. We remain focused on the development of growth opportunities to deliver natural gas to new markets as well as pipeline expansions to serve new supply growth particularly in the areas of new shale development. Now lets move to our Natural Gas Liquid segment. Net margin was relatively flat compared with the first quarter of 2009. We benefited from higher NGL volumes gathered fractionated marketed and transported primarily as a result of the completion of the Arbuckle Pipeline, Piceance lateral and D-J Basin lateral projects. However, the benefit of these higher volumes was offset by lower optimization margins, due primarily to less fractionation and pipeline capacity available to captured optimization opportunities which is being use to meet our fee-based contractual obligations. These short-term capacity constraints limited our ability to capture additional optimization margins in the first quarter. We expect these capacity constraints to be revolved as we move thorough the year, when more fractionation capacity becomes available to us primarily through the expiration of certain contracts. We remain committed to maximizing our bundle, first the full service gathering, fractionation and transportation capability, while reducing standalone fractionation only services. So at certain fractionation only agreements expire more capacity will become available to serve our full service customers as well as our optimization activities. The average price differential between the Conway and Mont Belvieu market centers for ethane was flat, compared with the same period in 2009. We do expect these differentials to widen the rest of this year as petrochemical demand remains robust and NGL supplies continue to grow. NGL production from our recently completed growth projects is inline with our expectations with continued growth expected throughout the year. NGLs fractionated during the first quarter increased 492000 barrels per day or 6% higher. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were up 36% to 441,000 barrels per day and NGLs transported on our distribution lines increased 5% to 467,000 barrels per day. At this time Overland Pass Pipeline throughput is nearing its current capacity of a 140,000 barrels per day and we are evaluating and investment in additional pump stations to increase its capacity over the next few years. Arbuckle throughput is inline with our expectations at about 60,000 barrels per day and is well positioned to accommodate mid-continent and Barnett Shale production growth. We remain confident in achieving our 2010 operating income guidance for the Natural Gas Liquid segment. Although the first quarter was reflect of the impact of some capacity constraints we expect additional optimization opportunities during the year along with anticipated new NGL supplies allowing us to provide the services our customers expect. Now lets discuss the NGL markets. On the demand side, petrochemical demand remains robust. The petrochemical chemical industry is currently experiencing wide margins which are expected to continue. NGL, especially the lighter feeds such as ethane and propane remain economically attractive over some of the heavier oil based feeds, such as NASA. Natural Gasoline demand is also strengthening for years as a burn stock for motor gasoline as a denaturing for ethanol, a petrochemical feedstock and as diluent for Canadian oil essence. Ethane demand is expected to reign relatively high within improving US demand picture and continued wide proved to natural gas ratios. We also believe there are more 100,000 barrels of additional ethane demand, related to the conversion of heavy-end crackers to ethane and another 100,000 barrels of per day of excess ethane cracking capacity available in Canada.  On the export front, vast majority of the US ethylene derivative demand comes from Canada, Mexico and South America. With about 10% to 20% of the export demand being consumed in Asian markets. While recent Asian demand has cooled a bit, double-digit demand growth per year is still expected.  The US Petrochemical industry is very competitive globally for the production of ethylene derivative due to the relatively low price of US NGLs. In addition our countries access to improve an ability to quickly develop natural gas and natural gas liquids research, at a relatively low cost keeps you and feed stock cost for US petrochemical as some of the lowest and most competitive in the world. We do expect fractionation capacity to remain tight, as additional NGL supplies continue to be developed. Our integrated NGL assets are well positioned to catch these opportunities and provide our customer with the flexible and bundled services they need. On the supply side, the projects announced last week include an NGL project in the Woodford Shale that exchange our existing Oklahoma NGL gathering system to a new natural gas process plant currently under construction that will be completed by the end of this year. This will increase supply into our Arbuckle pipeline and our (inaudible) fractionation facility. As we said before, as NGL growth continues we will carefully evaluate our NGL infrastructure growth opportunities with this new Shale plays becoming more prevalent and the need for NGL takeaway solutions. We continue to meet with NGL producers and customers particularly in the Bakken and Marcellus, whether an existing our new shale plays in project we develop will be the result of a disciplined approach that creates value for the customer in exchange, the customer who long-term supply could may be to us. John that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry, congratulations on great quarter. At this time Curtis will provide us some detailed look into ONEOK, its financial performance and then Rob Martinovich will follow; will provide a review ONEOKs operating performance Curtis.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the first quarter was $155 million or $1.44 per diluted share compared with last year's first quarter net income of $122 million or $1.16 per diluted share. We have reframed our 2010 financial guidance and continue to expect net income to be in the range of 300 million to $335 million for the year. Rob, will provide more details on the drivers of this financial performance in a few minutes. ONEOKs first quarter 2010 standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $204 million. We currently estimate standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by $200 million to $235 million; this is higher than our original forecast of $135 million to $170 million due to higher than previously forecast, accelerated tax depreciation deductions, resulting and lower income tax payments in 2010. The midpoint of our standalone cash flow before changes in working capital is $650 million compared with our previous estimate of $584 million. By virtue ONEOKs general partners interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $73 million in distribution from the partnership during the first quarter, a 6% increase from 2009. At the partnerships estimated distribution level as detailed in the 2010 guidance. ONEOK expect to receive approximately $304 million in distribution for 2010, a 9% increase over 2009. At the end of the first quarter and on a standalone basis we had no commercial paper outstanding $1.2 billion available on our credit facility, $162 million in cash and cash equivalents and $178 million of natural gas and storage. As natural gas was full from storage during the quarter ONEOKs standalone debt-to-equity was reduced 39% from 46% and as below our 50-50 debt-to-equity target. We currently project short-term borrowings to remain below $400 million for the remainder of the year. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011, when $400 million comes due. ONEOK's significant free cash flow and financial flexibility provide us with opportunities to make strategic acquisitions, increased our investment in ONEOK Partners, increase future dividends or repurchase shares.  Pending board approval, ONEOK is on track to increase the dividend $0.02 per share semi annually during the year. Building on the first quarter dividend of $0.44 per share. We remain committed to our targeted long-term dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70% of recurring earnings, due to the stability of earnings and cash flows from all of our business segments.  Now, Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOKs operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks, Curtis and good morning. Terry already discussed ONEOK Partners, so Ill start with our Distribution segment. First quarter results were slightly lower down 2% compared with the first quarter of 2009. Improved margins were driven by successful rate activity and colder than normal weather that resulted in higher sales and transport margins in all three states.  Expenses increased due to higher employee related costs and integrity management cost that were previously deferred but are now recovered in best rates. Some of the headlines of past heating stated this was year of a sudden winter seasons stated this was the year of the Southern winter. Much of our service territory in particular Oklahoma and Taxes experienced higher then normal snow fall, plus significantly higher heating degree days compared with 2009, and what is considered normal. While our utility is experienced higher debt sales you may recall that we have weather normalization mechanisms in place to mitigate the earnings impact of colder or warmer than normal weather. As well as the couple rates for 75% of our residential customers in Oklahoma, we continue our efforts to grow our rate base by efficiently investing capital and projects that provide benefits to our customers and our shareholders.  We are on schedule with approximately 12% complete with our 2010 projects to install automated meters in Tulsa and Oklahoma City. For a total capital investment of $31 million by the end of the year almost half of ONGs residential customers will have automated meters installed. These meters will enable quicker, safer and more efficient meter reading and provide a net reduction in expenses, while allowing us to earn a return on these investments under our new performance based rate structure, creating a win-win for customers and the company. With that, I will briefly discuss the latest regulatory updates in our states beginning in Oklahoma. In late January we filed on application requesting recovery of the integrity management program cost deferred in 2009 of $15.7 million. The Oklahoma Corporation commission has anticipated to approve our application in hearing schedule June 17. As filed this will have no impact on earnings. Moving to Kansas, in mid December Kansas get service filed an application with the Kansas Corporation commission to become in efficiency Kansas utility partner. This program is designed to promote energy conservation and is funded by federal economic stimulus dollars. As filed the companys participation in this program is continued upon the KCC approving a rate mechanism for revenue decoupling and allowing recovery of all program cost. The KCC staff is examining the rate mechanism and public hearings have been schedule for mid-May. The KCC is expected to issue its order by mid-August. Finally, our Texas rate activity, in early December, Texas Gas service filed for a $7.3 million rate increase in its El Paso service area, which was denied by the EL Paso City Counsel earlier this month. Well appeal this decision to Railroad Commission of Texas within the 30 day period, which expires on May 13. The railroad Commission will have a 185 days after RPL is filed to rendered decision. For 2010, we remain confident $223 million operating income guidance for our distribution segment.  Now lets turned to Energy Services, we experienced the very good first quarter. Our results would driven primarily by increased storage margins, as a result of riders seasonal storage differentials because of hedges we put in place 2009. An increased Rockies to mid-continent transportation differentials due to hedges we put in place during 2008 and early 2009. We also were able to take advantage of increased optimization opportunities due to the cold weather experience in our core regions. Offsetting these increases will decrease in premium services revenues. Although, the level of service under contract was similar, the piece we were able to collect was lower due to the decrease in commodity prices and market volatility. Our natural gas and storage at the end of the first quarter was about 25 Bcf, down from last years 46 Bcf. This decreases due primarily the colder than normal regional weather in the first quarter compared with the first quarter of 2009, plus the year-over-year reduction of a leased capacity. We currently had 83 Bcf of storage capacity under lease, compared with 91 Bcf at the end of the first quarter of 2009. Our April 28, 2010 inventory balance is approximately 34 Bcf. As part of our ongoing realignment of stores and transportation capacity to meet the requirements of our premium services customers, we anticipate further storage capacity reductions, to 71 Bcf by the end of this year and 61 Bcf by the end of 2011.  We expect our long term transportation capacity to be at 1.3 Bcf per day by the end of 2010 and approximately 1 Bcf per day by the end of 2012, compared with our current long term transportation capacity of 1.4 Bcf per day. This capacity reduction targets those assets with lower than average unit margins. These actions were also help to reduce our year-over-year earnings volatility and working capital requirements. Energy Services is on track to achieve its 2010 earnings guidance of $107 million in operating income. Our 2010 earnings pattern is returning to the more normal pattern of higher first and fourth quarter earnings driven by the sale of natural gas related to winter weather. This logically follows the lowed profile of our core customers, the LDCs. Looking at the balance of the year, we expect to have a challenging summer due to lower transportation margins from narrower natural gas location differentials and limited optimization opportunities as result of reduced market volatility. For the fourth quarter we expect narrower seasonal differentials compared with 2009 and reduced premium services revenues as a result of falling commodity prices and reduced market volatility. For the November and December withdrawal period approximately 88% of our storage margins are hedged. In addition, approximately 62% of our transportation margins are hedged for the balance of the year. As stated in our last conference call, well complete our storage hedges for the year as we inject gas into storage or financially it's quite significantly widened. For transportation, well continue to be opportunistic, if differentials widened in the summer, well put additional hedges in place, if they don't well optimize our position in the daily marketplace.  John, this concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Rob and also Id like to acknowledge to have McDonie and Pierce Norton for obviously, two very strong quarters from two segments. Thank you very much. As you just heard, we had solid first quarter operating performance and were on track to deliver another strong year. We will continue to focus on growth opportunities not just the ones that we recently announced, but others that find themselves in various stages of development and as weve done in the past, well announce those projects when we have the foreign customer commitments in place. Finally, as Curtis pointed out ONEOKs balance sheet strength significant free cash and financial flexibility provide us, where with all to continue to make strategic investments that will and do create value for our investors. So at this time Id like to thank our more than 4700 employees here in ONEOK, who is daily commitment and contributions make it possible for us to create value for our investors and for our customers. So many thanks to all of them for their dedication and continued hard work. At this point, we are ready to answer any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Stephen Maresca of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Just trying to understand on the OKS side, the less pipeline FERC capacity available for optimization, how much on a percentages if you can quantify that you used for optimization and how is this compared to last quarter and this is mean going forward? You mentioned the fee-based to be an over 70% this quarter. Does that mean we'll move away from that a little bit as you used more optimization?
John Gibson: Let me try to explain at this way and then Terry can fill in some details and areas that I miss. If you think of it from a simple standpoint and if you could digitalize a pie chart, youve got one large area in that pie chart that whether explanation capacity or pipeline capacity is used for the purpose that providing fee-based exchange services to our customers and then you have another piece of that pie chart that is available for optimization, its capacity that its not consumed by or needed for that fee-based margin that so to speak, the exchange contracts. What has occurred and the reason is short term normally is that as we looked at our contract portfolio inside the NGL segment. As Terry mention in this comments, we had a number of fractionation only type contracts. They were consuming space if you will in that fee-based area and also we had volume associated with the exchange contracts and that volumes has come our system that faster way than we anticipated. As also Terry pointed out, were at new capacity already on Overland Pass Pipeline and so the amount of space in the smaller section of the part is available to optimize is strong royalty to year ago because we had more balls coming under the fee-based structure, now the auction like candidly was and could have been to back out our fee-based customers and utilize that space to optimize price product differentials and location differentials, but thats not the way we do business. So what happens is we work these contracts out that weve identified and have been identified for sometime and then that space returns for optimization, but clearly its quite simply and exchange or an opportunity cost issue relative to doing your fee-based business versus whats available for optimization. Does that give you, I mean -- do you want, Terry to give you more detail.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: No, that is very helpful. So I appreciate it and one follow-up in a little bit different area. Obviously, there are a lot of needs because of the rich gas content, the Bakken, the Woodford and you talked about it. Maybe, Terry or you can talk about, how are the contracts changing as producers need to have seemingly significantly increased in these areas. It seems like midstream operators like itself have a lot of leverage in these areas. What sort of terms are now available given the demand and is it much more beneficial to you in terms of rate charge or it being 100% volumes are made or 100% fee-based, if you can just share some light?
John Gibson: Okay, Terry.
Terry Spencer: Sure, Steve. The contracts structures had evolved due to the hard demand. Were seeing and gathering and processing business NGLs of minimum volume requirements. The producers are agreeable to commit to a minimum volume for an exchange for us building infrastructure and making capital investments. On the NGL side of the business, were seeing farm-to-fork contracts, as farm transportation contracts went historically in this business, such things did not exist. So you are seeing a level of farm becoming very prevalent in both this gathering and processing and in the NGL segment.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Just quickly, is that what you are undertaking like with the new Bakken projects that you just talked about the $470 million or so, is that fair to apply those types of contracts for that?
Terry Spencer: Absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Becca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt
Becca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: Just one, quick one, on energy services, do you have expectations that in the second and third quarter as we could see losses there, just trying to model across the year?
John Gibson: Becca, this is John. We dont give quarterly guidance -- this to my knowledge. Obviously, if where we are today and we affirm where we are going to be at the end of the year. Over the next three quarters, were going to have pluses and minuses that dont add up to a big number, so yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Durbin of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: In terms of the Bakken projects, do you just talk a little bit about how much you see in natural gas production grow in there. You're adding a 100 day and then the liquids as it comes out, where do the liquids find the home or did it have been going?
Terry Spencer: Ted, to answer your first question, were installing $100 million a day process in plan, that's going to effectively double our current throughput and production. So we have an existing plan at there, its $100 million a day. So that can give you a pretty good indication of where we see production growth going. We could conceivably if current drilling rates continue and theyre actually continue to trend up or it could be a possibility of even further expansion; so on a gas front very strong. On the NGL front, most of liquids there -- actually all the liquids there they serve the local markets, so as well as they railed out to other market areas. So there is no pipeline, it serves that region and clearly were looking at that opportunity as well and talking to other processors and producers in that region for possible commitments.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: I guess would you consider building the pipe itself or would you start parties or how are you thinking about that?
Terry Spencer: Wed build that ourselves.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Just one the natural gas liquid segment, these gives you just have these measurement adjustments? Should we considered those as recurring or more onetime the $7 million there?
Terry Spencer: No theyre one time.
Ted Durbin - Goldman Sachs: Then second is about the distribution it looks like the OpEx was up pretty big year-over-year, but you're going to get most of that recovered to your rates, I mean just walk us through the changes there?
Rob Martinovich: Right.
John Gibson: Would you like to take that?
Rob Martinovich: Yes, John I will; forgot my protocol. Ted, we got $3.1 million related to a condition of previously differed integrity management program cost and so thats offset on the revenue line in the same quarter, so thats coming back and so really the delta that you are looking at of income year-over-year, I think that goes down to just higher employee related costs and Im sure what that is.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Michael Blum of Wells Fargo; your line is open.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Just back to the NGL to pipeline and the bottle necks, just I guess Im still little confused, sorry. So, if I dont understand correctly, your contracting fee-based capacity at a rate, which is below what you could achieve the optimization. So I guess is that correct and if it is to walk to the thought process and doing so and quantify that delta anyway you can?
John Gibson: Not always true, that is not always true statement. In another way, which are another high level way of understanding what this segment is incurring as if you use the analogy of trunk transport versus interruptible transport. You enter into contracts which provide you a farm obligation to deliver and that space is not being utilized by those farm customers, youre able to optimize or use under interruptible basis. As we look forward to this year, we did not expect as higher level of throughput for both pipeline and fractionation capacity. We have found that our customers under firm transport if you have used more other space than we anticipated. In anticipation of that build in throughput, we had already identified certain contracts that needed to be terminated. Because of the build up, we just have less space available to optimize. Now not always is the optimization margin going to be greater than the margin we collect on our exchange services. That all is depended upon the market is just like in our gathering and processing business. Weve hedged our gas prices and our liquids prices one could argue that we shouldn't have hedged our liquids prices, but we have in the same thing is true here, we entered into these fee-based firm contracts and because of the volume has picked up little faster than we anticipated and we put our plan together that has diminished our ability to optimize. So let me ask Terry to put his slant on this.
Terry Spencer: Michael I think, the only thing I could add to John's comment are that in reiterate, is that the contracts that were talking about that are expiring, our contracts that occur in Gulf Coast and those are legacy contracts that we entered into many years ago back when the frac market war oversupplied that is there was more frac capacity that there was a need. So the rates at that time were very low under those contracts. So its not a bad thing that those things expire. So and were frac-only contracts, so there are no other services bundled, they want the tax too or connected with other services or pipeline and gathering services that we provide. So their standalone frac contracts, those customers will move on and obtain those services from others; and well be better prepared to not only optimize that capacity or use it in our optimization, but continue to serve our long-term for service customers.
John Gibson: In the phenomena of these legacy contracts is not a reflection on the previous owner, its a reflection of the market much like what you see today with type fractionation capacity, completely different market then when these contracts were entered into. So these are just contracts that have to work away out by our system, because the market is stronger. Sot one of the reasons the market stronger is, because throughputs going up and the throughput we make a lot of money serving our customers under fee-based contracts and thats where this optimization volume by our choice is being used is to facile those obligations to our firm customers. Stay with us until you clear.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Two quick follow-ups, one, (inaudible) staying in the NGL pipeline, if your firm volumes are higher than what you thought they would be going into the year. How come NGL transported volumes were down sequentially from the fourth quarter?
Terry Spencer: Michael that was primarily as a result of the North System, which is included in that number, so the North System we had there record high volumes in the fourth quarter. So that decrease you saw was primarily the result of that.
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Final one for me, just on the hedging, on the NGL piece, is that mostly at the heavy end, in other words have you hedged any ethane, or is it mostly have been under the barrel?
Curtis Dinan: Youre talking about the natural gas gathering and processing business.
Terry Spencer: Youre talking about 2010?
Michael Blum - Wells Fargo: Yes and '11.
Terry Spencer: Yes, there was some ethane in those hedges.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Lefebvre of Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Just a one quick question following up on Beccas previous question on the Energy Services, did I understand correctly that the pattern of earnings in this segment should follow kind of the utility pattern where wed see the largest up ticks in the first and fourth quarters?
John Gibson: Yes, Jonathan when you stopped think about it and we've made this comment as many of our conferences and have made the same remark over the last several years. Our Energy Services business is primarily focused on serving utilities therefore our earning pattern at Energy Services has and will follow the earnings pattern of the utility and if you look at our utilities, and other utilities they tend to make most of their earnings in the first quarter and the fourth quarter and in many cases lose money in the second and third. So, because our customers are utilities predominantly that segment is going to follow that earnings pattern, which is the comment Rob was alluding to.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: I guess, so if we could see an up tick in the fourth quarter, I mean, it seems like historically you did about 55% of the earnings in the first quarter and then about 40% or so in the fourth of 2009. I'm just wonder if that would follow kind of a similar pattern in this year or if it would essentially be flat to maybe slightly down going forward?
John Gibson: Its a good difference and again we have publicly stated our intention is reducing the volatility, annual earnings in the segment. So certainly $100 million a quarter does not mean $400 million a year; and Ive explained our pattern going forward as it has been in the past is going to be higher one and four than in two and three, but what is different going forward is also as we have said many times before, as weve hedged a higher percentage of our margins relative to storage and transport that we have in the past. A couple of years ago, while we were executing the strategy, we went into the winter and we typically in Energy Services this is went into the winter, which is the fourth quarter with over hedges on our natural gas volumes in other peoples storage field, because we felt that gas prices were going to increase during the winter months and that was a pretty safe opportunity. The reality is that doesnt always happen, which we learned a couple of year ago. So what youre seeing this year is going to be more typical to what youre going to see in the future, and that is front end loaded, and as Rob pointed out in his remarks, when we see opportunities to do exactly the same thing we did in 09 for 10. If we see those opportunities in 10 for 11 and 11 and 12 et cetera, et cetera, were going to take advantage of those and remove that opportunity for earnings volatility. So its fair to say fourth quarter is going to be higher than second and third, but I would not to say that its going to be the same or relatively close to be the same, because of the fact that weve hedge such a high percentage of our Energy Services business, which is why we are reaffirming the segments earnings at 107.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eve Segal of Credit Suisse.
Eve Segal - Credit Suisse: If I could just three quick clarifications: one is again on the optimization side. So going forward, once youve complete de-bottlenecking if you will, would you consider holding back capacity, or would you end up leasing all of the available capacity?
Curtis Dinan: Its a little bit like our gathering and processing business and that we serve to and were successful on reducing our people exposure, because of our point of view on gas prices, royalty accrue one might argue that we might miss that one, but anyway we will always keep some portion of our fractionation in pipeline system available for optimization. I mean I think that is one of the embedded option that exists in our assets. We will keep that open until the market no longer until the market values the fee-based arrangement to such an extent the opportunity cost to driving that incremental space go the economic work in that favor.
Eve Segal - Credit Suisse: No, it doesnt, I was just debating whether I should ask part A and B related to what you just said and I think?
Curtis Dinan: I mean if you didnt would be other character.
Eve Segal - Credit Suisse: Alright, I will stay in character. So, what percentage do you think is appropriate to hold back and then in the second aspect of that follow on question is, what's the appropriate returns that would suggest well, it just doesn't make sense were getting a 18% returns, or with just from everything up and not hold back anything?
Curtis Dinan: I mean very hesitant to disclose those comments percentages because, there are other people who will listen this phone call then you. So I think it's fair to say that your part A and part B are the right questions and the amount that we withhold is depended upon the value we can create with that space relative to our next alternative, which is to do the exchange service bundled service. Let's go through and identify how much were willing to keep it. I mean that's a lot of competitive information. I think thats the best thing that I suggest you do with is look at that one slide we present every time we go out where we do the breakdown of margins. You can see how much of our margin comes from optimization, its not volume driven as much as it is capacity driven as much as it is by what the market gives you.
Eve Segal - Credit Suisse:  Then the other two would be, in terms of the processing new build plant, a 100 million cubic feet. How scalable is that, so that if there is an opportunity to go from 100 million to 150 million or 100 million to 200 million? How do you think about that and what's the incremental cost to do that?
Terry Spencer:  Eve, the way were installing this particular plant the site that weve selected will have 20 acreages to install another one, this is a skid mounted facility as single train, 100 million of that train, if we need additional capacity well install a twin and well have a good template for doing that if we need to.
Eve Segal - Credit Suisse:  So, there is not a whole lot of cost savings to go from 100 million to 200 million then?
Terry Spencer:  Not really I mean, youll have to build another plant and you have multiple train the benefit of having multiple trains is when you finally hopefully doesnt happen were soon when you finally go the other direction as you start setting train down, its better to have multiple trains, because the plants run more efficiently as you set the individual trains down.
Eve Segal - Credit Suisse:  Then the last question and I might have misheard to that word. In terms of the CapEx for 2010, did you just say that you did not increase it, but you just sort of [regiggled] it and if that's the case, does that mean that some projects fell out in 2010?
John Gibson: No, it not. All we're saying is that, we can fund all identified and disclosed projects with our approved capital budget as those future opportunities develop based on when they develop will be back in front of our board for additional capital, but we dont anything on the horizon that would cost us to have to issue equity worked at to fund any of these potential project. So lets see how this develops and then well be back in front of our Board.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet of UBS; your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet - UBS: Sorry, I don't mean to beat a dead horse here, but on the Natural Gas Liquid segment, if you look at the operating income sequentially, fourth quarter versus first quarter of this year. Would you describe the delta being solely to the optimization in the measurement adjustment or were there any other factor in place if you look at it in sequential quarters?
Terry Spencer: Yes, I think thats the biggest impact would be reduced volumes on the note system. I mean and sequentially, some impact from an optimization perspective as well.
Jeremy Tonet - UBS:  Then as far as the bottlenecks improving throughout the year allowing more optimization opportunities, do you see that improving kind of ratably throughout the year, or is that kind of lumpy? If you could give any color on that, that be helpful.
Terry Spencer: Jeremy its lumpier, it is not ratable, it is lumpier and the quantities were talking about are fairly large.
John Gibson:  One another thing I like to one comment about optimization today there is an opportunity to make dollars and more not making them because this opportunity cost issue but optimization is not always in the money. So it is optimization its an option that exist, its in embedded option that exist in asset. So want to be clear thats why this, if you look historically at the percent or margin it comes from this bucket thats why sometimes its in, and sometimes its out.
Dan Harrison:
 :
 :
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison  IR John Gibson  President and CEO Curtis Dinan  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Terry Spencer  COO, ONEOK Partners Rob Martinovich  COO, ONEOK
Analysts: Helen Rue  Barclays Capital Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs Jonathan Lefebvre  Wells Fargo Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Ross Payne  Wells Fargo John Tysons [ph] Carl Kirst  BMO Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 ONEOK earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference call, Mr. Dan Harrison. You may begin, sir.
Dan Harrison: Thanks. Good morning. And thank you everyone for joining us. Any statements made during this call that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK'S President and CEO and ONEOK Partners' Chairman, President and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning. And many thanks for joining us today and of course, for your continued investment and interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on today's call are Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; Rob Martinovich, Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK; and Terry Spencer, Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK Partners. As our news release has indicated, both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners had solid fourth quarter and year to date performances in a challenging industry and economic environment. At ONEOK, all three segments performed well. Our Distribution segment turned into solid performance, benefiting from new rate mechanisms in all three states and from additional revenues in the fourth quarter from capital recovery mechanisms. During 2009, the Distribution segment essentially closed the gap between allowed and earned returns on equity, as a result of the successful execution of multi-year innovative rate strategies. And in 2010, the segment will benefit from the new rates in Oklahoma that went into affect late last year. Energy Services had an exceptional fourth quarter and year, as we continue to successfully implement our strategy to reduce earnings volatility. At ONEOK Partners, higher natural gas and natural gas liquids throughput, benefited results during the fourth quarter and the year. Although lower realized commodity prices compared with 2008 more than offset those benefits for the year. In the fourth quarter however, the impact of lower realized commodity prices was more than offset by higher volumes in both the natural gas liquids and natural gas businesses, resulting in a 15% quarter-over-quarter operating income increase, driven in part from earning associated with the completion of more than $2 billion in capital investments that began 2006. These completed projects drove volume growth primarily in the natural gas liquids business and benefited not only the fourth quarter, but also the full year. In fact, the expected contribution of these completed projects gave us enough confidence earlier this year to project a penny per quarter increase in ONEOK Partners distributions in 2010. The distribution increases will benefit not only ONEOK Partners unit holders but also ONEOK shareholders. Since two-thirds of every incremental EBITDA dollar generated at the partnership is returned to ONEOK as cash. Importantly, we are well positioned for continued growth at the partnerships, as previously announced we have identified between 300 million and 500 million per year of additional projects through 2015, depending of course, on market needs and producer commitments. In early February of this year, ONEOK Partners took advantage of receptive capital markets and issued more than $320 million of equity, which will be more than adequate to fund our 2010 investments. While ONEOK did not participate in this offering, primarily because of the demand for our units in the public market, the company still believes an investment in the partnerships has beneficial to shareholders. Now, at this time, Curtis Dinan will provide a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners financial highlights and then Terry will review the partnerships operating highlights. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, ONEOK Partners reported net income of $116 million or $0.93 per unit, compared with last year's fourth quarter net income of $122 million or $1.09 per unit. For 2009, net income was $434 million or $3.60 per unit, compared with $626 million or $6.01 per unit in 2008. John has already provided a high level summary of the drivers of fourth quarter and full year performance, and Terry will provide additional detail in a moment. Distributable cash flow in the fourth quarter was $149 million, a 35% increase compared with fourth 2008. For the year, distributable cash flow decreased $79 million to $558 million, but was more than adequate to cover a $1.10 per unit fourth quarter distribution, and maintain a 1.13 times coverage ratio for the year, towards the high-end of our 1.05 to 1.15 target. We issued the partnerships 2010 guidance in January and expect net income to be in the range of $450 to $490 million for the year. Preliminary estimates for the partnerships 2010 distributable cash flow are in the range of $580 to $620 million. Adjusted for the recent equity offering our average units outstanding for 2010 are approximately $101.4 million. Pending board approval, the partnerships anticipate increasing the distribution a penny per quarter, building from the fourth quarter 2009 distribution increase to $1.10 per unit, which marked the 13 distribution increase since ONEOK become sole general partner of the partnerships and represents a cumulative 38% increase over that time. Capital expenditures for the partnerships are expected to be approximately $362 million comprised of $278 million in growth capital and $84 million in maintenance capital. Terry will provide additional details on the projects we are targeting with these investments. We have increased our hedges to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the partnerships natural gas gathering and processing segment, which has the most sensitivity to the commodity price changes. While current 2010 prices for certain commodities are higher than the hedges in place, these hedges provided us the opportunity to lock in margins and to help ensure the distributable cash flow to support our forecast distribution increases for 2010. For 2010, we have hedged 75% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $1.21 per gallon and 75% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.55 per MMBtu. For 2011, approximately 16% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $1.65 per gallon and 43% of our expected natural gas equity volumes are hedged to $6.29 per MMBtu. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and to mitigate our overall risk we will place additional hedges as conditions warrant. Earlier this month, we issued $5.5 million common units including the underwriters exercise of a portion of the over-allotment option generating net proceeds of approximately $323 million, which were used to reduce the amount outstanding under our revolving credit agreement and for general partnership purposes. At the end of 2009, the partnership had $523 million outstanding and $367 million available under the $1 billion revolving credit agreement that expires in 2012. Following completion of the equity offering, the partnership now has $260 million outstanding and a debt-to-capital ratio of 50%. We are also forecasting our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to be below 4 to 1 by the third quarter of this year. The partnerships next long-term debt maturities are very manageable $250 million due this June, which we expect to refinance with our short-term revolver and another $225 million due in 2011. Over the past three years, the partnership has issued $1.1 billion of long-term debt and raised more than $1 billion of equity and has now funded its more than $2 billion growth capital program. At this time, the partnership does not anticipate any additional financing need this year, but we will continue to monitor the capital markets and take advantage of opportunities as they are presented. Now, Terry Spencer -- now Terry Spencer will provide you with an overview of the operating performance of the partnership.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Curtis, and good morning. The partnership had a solid operating performance in the fourth and the full year, driven primarily by volume increases in both the natural gas and natural gas liquids businesses. Lower commodity prices primarily for the full year offset the impact of these volume increases. The gathering and processing segment's fourth quarter and year-end financial results were lower than in 2008, due primarily to significantly lower commodity prices offset somewhat by higher natural gas volumes process and by selling our Lehman Brothers bankruptcy claims. In addition to lower prices, we also experienced a 3% decline in natural gas gathered in both the fourth quarter and year-end periods, due primarily to production declines and curtailments by producers of dry natural gas from coalbed methane wells in the Powder River Basin. We have certainly seen a drop off in drilling and natural gas production in this region compared with prior years, due to lower natural gas prices. Powder River production generally is not processed since it does not contain natural gas liquids, and its some of our lowest margin throughput. However, our natural gas volumes processed increased nearly 3% for the quarter and for the year, and remain strong because of our presence in the growing natural gas liquids rich Bakken Shale in the Williston Basin in North Dakota and the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma. These areas continue to be very active development areas driven by favorable drilling economics due in large part to the natural gas liquids content and associated crude oil and condensate production. In 2009, we connected approximately 300 new wells, down 35% from 2008 levels. But over half of this well connects were located in the crude oil producing NGL rich Bakken Shale and contributed to our growing process volumes. If rig counts remain at current levels the new well development on acreage dedicated to us under existing contracts could exceed 16,00 through 2014. We plan to invest $115 million in growth capital this year including $32 million for well connects and remaining $83 million for system expansions and upgrades within our operating footprint. In 2009, we had approximately 190 Williston Basin well connects and expect that number to increase to nearly 300 this year. For the entire segment, across our entire operating footprint, we expect the total number well connects to be north of 400 compared with 476 in 2008. With this growth in the Bakken Shale, our recently expanded Grasslands gathering and processing facilities are well positioned and we are evaluating the possible construction of more processing capacity and system expansions there as well as in Oklahoma. Our Western Oklahoma systems are at or near capacity because of the increase drilling activity in the Cana Woodford Shale and the Colony Wash development. Well, more of a natural gas driven play, the natural gas produce there does contain considerable natural gas liquids. We have contractual commitments with producers to provide gathering and processing services and are well positioned for a continued growth. Our 2010 operating income guidance reflect higher anticipated processing volumes that are expected to be 6% higher than 2009, and gathering volumes leveled with last year. As Curtis mentioned, we have 75% of our equity volumes hedged for 2010 and have already placed some hedges for 2011, and will continue to look for more hedging opportunities as the year progresses. In the news release, you will notice that we have adjusted realized net sales process to reflect hedge gains or losses on only the equity volumes we retained as opposed to averaging gains or losses across total sales volumes. We believe it was resulting realized prices will better reflect the impact of hedging on the equity volumes we retained from producers for our services. Now, moving to our natural gas pipeline segment. This predominantly fee-based segment had another exceptional quarter and year, regarding pipeline expansion and extension that went into service for the first quarter of 2009 as well as our new Midwestern Gas Transmission Interconnect with Rockies Express Pipeline, drove fourth quarter and year end results. For 2009, our inter and intrastate pipelines were approximately 90% subscribed under demand based rates for the quarter, compared with 85% in 2008 and approximately 86% subscribed for the year, compared with 83% in 2008. Continued supply growth in the midcontinent region, especially in the Woodford Shale, would provide us an opportunity to develop and build new pipelines, connecting to new supply sources and take way expansions to meet the needs of the producers. We are currently talking to producers and customers about these potential growth projects. Now, let's move to our natural gas liquid segment. Operating income increased more than 23% from the fourth quarter of 2008, primarily as a result of higher NGL volumes, gathered, fractionated, marketed and transported due to the completion of Overland Pass Pipeline and its related projects and the Arbuckle Pipeline. For the year, operating income was lower, primarily due to narrower NGL product price differentials, offset partially by higher NGL volumes from our recently completed growth projects. The average price differential between the Conway and Mont Belvieu market centers for ethane was nearly 25% lower in the fourth quarter '09, compared with the same period in 2008 and was nearly 27% lower, compared with the 2008 average. The amount of NGLs fractionated during the 2009 fourth quarter increased to 482,000 barrels per day or 35% higher. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were up 50% or 138,000 barrels per day and NGLs transported on our distribution lines increased 25% or 97,000 barrels per day. The primary driver for these increases was the completion of Overland Pass Pipeline which reached more than 113,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter. Earlier this month, throughput reached 143,000 barrels per day, getting us closer to our target of over 200,000 barrels per day in the next three to five years, compared with Overland Pass' expandable capacity of 255,000 barrels per day. We continue to experience solid results on our North System. The NGL and refined petroleum products pipeline serving the Midwest. In the fourth quarter, we experienced high propane demands due to strong quarter earnings season and winter heating demand. We also continue to see increase in third party interest in shipping diluents, used in the production and transportation of heavy Canadian crude oil. Our 2010, operating income guidance reflects anticipated supply growth in the Mid-Continent and the full year impact of Arbuckle, Overland Pass and related projects that were completed in 2009. Now, an update on Arbuckle. Throughput reached approximately 97,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2009, exceeding our expectations as new supplies continued to be developed across our systems. Over the next three to five years, we have commitments from producers from more than 210,000 barrels per day of throughput, compared with Arbuckle expandable capacity of 240,000 barrels per day. For Overland Pass and Arbuckle, we expect approximately $40 million to $60 million in investments in additional pump stations in 2010. Now, let's discuss the NGL Markets. Fundamentals across the NGL Industry remain strong. We expect fractionation capacity to remain tight and additional NGL supplies to continue to be developed. Demand for fractionation capacity is increasing and so are the fees, with some contracts being negotiated with firm demand fee structures. Our volumes delivered to Piceance remains strong as U.S. Theme Cracker consumption of ethane exceeded 850,000 barrels per day during the fourth quarter of 2009. We expect this trend to continue throughout 2010. Demand is driven by our customers continued need for reliable supplies, services and infrastructure. We expect NGL based feedstocks like ethane to continue to have a competitive cost advantage over oil based feedstocks. We also anticipate as much as 100,000 barrels per day of cracking capacity. It could be further converted from oil based to ethane based feedstocks in the U.S. As NGL growth continues, we will carefully evaluate our NGL infrastructure growth opportunities and their underlined assumptions about the customer and market demand. With these historically high demand levels and growing supplies, contract structures that significantly mitigate volume and margin risk will become more prevalent. Chemical companies are projecting double-digit volume growth in 2010, driven by polyethylene and basic plastics as well as continued strong exports to Asia. USD stocking has ended and petrochemical companies are now expecting further increases and end user demand for various products. A vast majority of the U.S. ethylene derivative demand comes from Canada, Mexico and South America were about 10% of the export demand historically being consumed in Asian markets. Some industry excellence belief that the new petrochemical capacity coming online overseas will display its less economic oil-based capacity in Asia. We believe of our countries access to and preventability to quickly develop natural gas and natural gas liquid reserves at a relatively low cost will keep fuel and feedstock cost for U.S. petrochemicals at some of the lowest and most competitive in the world. The need for continued expansion of our NGL infrastructure is driven by the long-term development plans of natural gas and NGL producers within our core areas especially in the Bakken Shale and Woodford Shale and some outside our core areas. We are in discussions with producers in the Williston basin about NGL infrastructure need and takeaway capacity to accommodate this group. NGL fractionation and pipeline expansion opportunities remain a key focus for our business, particularly during this period of limited excess capacity that we mentioned earlier. We recently signed a 10 year fractionation services agreement with Targa for 60,000 barrels per day of capacity. At their facility in Mont Belvieu, Texas, which is currently being expanded and expected to be operational during the second quarter of 2011. This agreement provide us with timely access to new capacity in a cost effective manner. It does not preclude us from continuing to evaluate the expansion of our own fractionators or from building new fractionation facilities. The emerging Marcellus shale field, which needs more natural gas and NGL infrastructure is experiencing a potentially challenging, legislative, regulatory and environmental landscape. We are continuing our discussions with producers in this region to develop solutions related to NGL takeaway capacity. And we will require commitments from producers prior to making any investment. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Terry. It's a good summary, I appreciate that. Now, turning into ONEOK, Curtis will review, ONEOK's financial performance and then he will be followed by Rob Martinovich, who will review ONEOK's operating performance.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the fourth quarter was $93 million or $0.87 per diluted share, compared with last year's fourth quarter net income of $68 million or $0.65 per diluted share. ONEOK's net income for 2009 was $306 million or $2.87 per diluted share, versus $312 million or $2.95 per diluted share in 2008. Rob, will provide more details on the drivers of this financial performance in a few minutes. ONEOK's 2009 standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $223 million. By virtue of ONEOK's general partner interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $278 million and distributions from the partnership for 2009, an 11% increase from 2008. At the partnership's estimated distribution level as detailed in the 2010 guidance, ONEOK will receive approximately $304 million in distributions for 2010, a 9% increase over 2009. ONEOK's liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the fourth quarter and on a standalone basis, we had $359 million of commercial paper outstanding, which is backed by our $1.2 billion revolver that does not expire until 2011, $26 million in cash and cash equivalence and $366 million of natural gas in storage. By the end of the first quarter, we expect that we've paid all of our short-term debt as we continue to full gas from storage to meet our customers' need. We currently project short-term borrowings to remain below $400 million for 2010. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011, when $400 million comes due. Our current standalone long-term debt to equity is 41% and our standalone total debt to equity is 46%, which are both under a 50, 50 debt-to-equity target. ONEOK significant free cash flow and financial flexibility provide us with opportunities to make strategic acquisitions, increase our investment at ONEOK Partners, increase future dividends or repurchase shares. As John mentioned, ONEOK did not participate in the recent ONEOK Partners equity offering because there was more efficient and timely through access the public market. However, it does not indicate a shift in ONEOK strategy or its capacity or support of the growth program of ONEOK Partners. ONEOK's 2010 net income guidance is in the range of $300 million to $335 million. Our guidance reflects higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOK Partners and distribution segments partially offset by lower expected earnings in the energy services segment. Pending board approval, ONEOK anticipates dividend increases of $0.02 per share semi annually during the year. Building on the fourth quarter dividend increased to $0.44 per share representing a 57% increase since January 2006. We remain committed to our targeted longer-term dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70% of recurring earnings due to the stability of earnings and cash flows from all of our business segments. Now, Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOKs operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks Curtis and good morning. Terry already discussed ONEOK Partners, so Ill start with our Distribution segment. Fourth quarter earnings were up 12% compared with 2008, due primarily to additional revenues from our capital recovery mechanism in Oklahoma that was approved by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission late last year partially offset by higher employee related cost. Year-to-date operating income was up approximately 11%, due primarily to increased margins in all three states from successful rate case outcomes. Operating expenses were slightly higher due to higher employee related costs primarily incentives offset partially by reduced bad debt expenses and lower vehicle related costs. For the past several years, we have focused on execution of our regulatory strategy to close the gap between our actual return on equity and our allowed return. I am pleased to report we have essentially closed this gap. Since 2005, the distribution segment has more than doubled its return on equity and nearly doubled its operating income. In 2010, our weighted average allowed return has increased from 10.1% to 10.7% with an expected return on equity of 10.4%. Our innovative rate designs for capital recovery in all three states have enabled us to earn a return on our investments more quickly thus reducing regulatory lag and improving the level of sustainable earnings. Going forward, we expect to grow rate base by efficiently investing capital and projects that provide benefits to our customers and our share holders. For example, we plan to invest $31 million to install automated meters and select metropolitan communities in Oklahoma. These meters will enable quicker, safer and more efficient methods and meter rating. And well provide a net reduction in expenses while allowing us to earn a return on these investments under the new performance based rate structure, creating a win-win for customers and the company. With that, I will just briefly discuss the latest regulatory updates in our states beginning in Oklahoma. In mid December, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission approved an increase of $54.5 million and base rates and set an authorized return on equity of 10.5%. The previously approved performance based rate structure allows for a 75 basis points banned above and below the authorized return. In this rate case, several riders including capital recovery were moved to base rates. The net revenue increase is expected to be $25.7 million contributing to approximately $14 million of incremental operating income in 2010. Our new performance based rate structure requires regulatory review and annual adjustments as needed. However, adjustments are anticipated to be on a smaller scale then in the past dependent on our terms beginning in 2011. Moving to Kansas, in mid-December, the Kansas Corporation Commission approved our request for a $3.9 million rate increase under the Kansas Gas System Reliability Surcharge rider that became affected in January 2010. Also in mid-December, Kansas Gas Services filed an application with the Kansas Corporation Commission that became an efficiencies Kansas utility partner. This program is line to promote energy conservation and is funded by federal economic stimulus dollars. As filed, the company's participation in this program is continued upon the KCC approving a rate mechanism for revenue decoupling and allowing recovery of all program cost. The KCC has 240 days from the application date to issue ruling which result in a decision on or before August 16th. Finally, our Texas rate equity. In early December, Texas Gas service filed for a $7.3 million rate increase in its El Paso service area. If approved, the new rates would become affective in May and are factored into our earnings guidance. For 2010, the operating income guidance for our Distribution segment is $223 million. These reflects the $14 million impact from the approved Oklahoma rate case, $8 million from a retail market business moved from energy service segment and the impact of previously approved rates as well as anticipated new rates in Kansas and Texas. Offset in these increases is a $17 million from the 2009 capital investment recovery mechanism in Oklahoma that will not recur in 2010. Now, lets turn to energy services. We had another strong quarter with results tripling compared with the same period in 2008. This was driven primarily by an increase in storage margins because of riders seasonal stores differentials, the summer winner spread as well as higher transportation margins due to hedges put in place during 2008 on the Rockies to mid-continent capacity. We were also able to take advantage of optimization opportunities in the market place due to the cold of weather. Offsetting these increases was a decrease in premium services revenue due to lower demand fees and the increased cost of providing these services due to the colder weather in our core service areas in December 2009. Full year 2009 operating income was a $135 million, up nearly 80% compared with 2008, due primarily to the higher transportation margins from higher realized Rockies to mid-continent differentials and an increase in premium services fees due to the relatively warmer winter weather in the first quarter of 2009 compared with the same period in 2008. Our natural gas and stores at the end of the year was about 61Bcf down from last year's 82Bcf. This decrease is primarily due to colder than normal regional weather in the fourth quarter mostly in December, compared with the fourth quarter of 2008 plus the year-over-year reduction of leased capacity. We currently have 83 Bcf of stores capacity under lease compared with 91 Bcf at the end of 2008. Our January 31st, 2010 inventory balance was approximately 42 Bcf. As part of our ongoing re-alignment of storage and transportation capacity to meet the requirements of our premium services customers, we anticipate further storage capacity reductions to 71 Bcf by the end of this year and down to 65 Bcf by the end of 2011. We expect our transportation capacity to be at 1.3Bcf per day by the end of 2010 and approximately 1Bcf per day by the end of 2012 compared with our current capacity of 1.5 Bcf per day. This capacity reduction targets those assets with lower than average unit margins. These actions will also reduce our earnings volatility and working capital requirements. During 2009, we evaluated the potential benefits associated with maintaining the storage and transportation capacity above the levels needed to serve our premium services customers. In the past, this additional capacity has enabled us to take advantage of natural gas supply disruptions that created opportunities for strong but not necessarily repeatable financial results. With our focus on premium services customers, we have created a more predictable less volatile earnings strength. Beginning this year, we moved our retail marketing business to the distribution segment which allows energy services to increase its focus on providing premium services to its wholesale customers. Energy services 2010 earnings guidance of $107 million in operating income excludes the $8 millions from the retail marketing business and reflects lower expected transportation margins from narrower natural gas location differentials compared with 2009. Our earnings guidance also anticipates reduced premium services demand fees as a result of the lower price environment when contracted along with reduction in market volatility relative to 2009. We do expect higher storage margins during the year as a result of wider seasonal storage differentials due to the lower pricing environment during the 2009 injection period. For 2010, nearly 75% of our storage margins and 62% of our transportation margins are hedged. We will complete our storage hedges as we inject gas in to storage or financially if spreads significantly widen. For transportation, we will be opportunistic if differentials widen in the summer as they often do, we will put additional hedges in place, if they dont we will optimize our position in the daily marketplace. John, this concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks Rob. Very good summary and congratulations on a good year too. Now to summarize, since becoming general partner of ONEOK in 2006, we demonstrated our commitment to and a strong track record of strategic growth. Growth in distributions, since 2006 of approximately 8% on a compound annual basis were more than $0.30 a quarter from $0.80 to a $1.10 as well as the expectation of continued distribution growth in 2010. Growth in capital investments to create long-term value for our customers and investors including more than $2 billion of investments between 2006 and 2009 and the identification of 300 million to 500 million per year in additional investment opportunities between now and 2015. Growth in projects that creates sustainable earnings this year and next which also lead to additional investments in needed infrastructure in the future. Our industry clearly needs additional energy infrastructure as we secure producer commitments on the projects we've identified internally. We will announce specific projects with specific details as we have in the past. We believe our track record of connecting supply with demand, meeting producer and customer needs by providing quality nondiscretionary services as well as doing what we say we will do, speaks to the credibility of our company and its employees. Since 2006, weve announced 10 major projects, nine of which are now in service. All in all, I would say that's a pretty good betting [ph] average. So at this time, I would like to thank our employees for their commitment and contributions which allow us to continue to create the value we are delivering for our investors and our customers. Our employees hard work and perseverance was a basis of our 2009 success. Making our sound strategy and good assets come together to deliver strong results in a challenging environment. I would like to thank each of them for their dedication and hard work. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Helen Rue with Barclays Capital.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Hi. Yes. Good morning. Just a couple of questions on the OKS side, first one is in the NGL segment notice that gathered volume increased 138 million barrels per day year-over-year. And I was just wondering, adding Arbuckle 97 and Overland 130 that's about over 220. I guess some of the Overland number already appeared in the fourth quarter of last year. So I was just wondering that given your increased was 138 and you had a larger volume contribution from Arbuckle and Overland, whether was any other gathering -- NGL gathering lines that had volume decline?
John Gibson: I'm not sure. I understand your question. But what I will tell you is that the -- those volumes are interrelated to a certain extent.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Gibson: The -- we've actually seen increases in our mid-continent gathered volumes. We've seen increases of course in the gathered volumes to go into Overland Pass and Arbuckle. So we are not experiencing decline in the -- if you will the core business.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Gibson: So perhaps the numbers we could spend a bit more time with you and to help you perhaps with that to tie out. But we're experiencing growth across our entire NGL business and gathered volumes.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Okay. Okay. And then just -- you will be getting some new supply commitments on Arbuckle and Overland in the next three to five years and I was wondering if you would be provide fractionation distribution of NGL sales service for the new volumes coming in?
John Gibson: Yes. We will for some of the customers we will, there will be some customers that will have their own fractionation capacity or want to contract for that themselves. But we will provide many of services for those customers in the way fractionation, storage, marketing
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Rob Martinovich: And in fact the customers that we will see gathered the ones that probably where we can sell them the most services.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then another question was just trying to understand better the operating data disclosing the NGL segment. I guess, what you gather you fractionate and then it goes distribution volume. And then the final pages, the NGL sales which -- and these are included, these four data points are included in new operating data. But I was wondering would you say the first three business gathering fractionation distribution business or fee-based business. And then the last part, the NGL sales you get a fee and make some additional margin on the -- a same product, spread between the two markets centers and the optimization margin between iso and on the butane side is that the way to think about this data?
Rob Martinovich: Close. You are close. Absolutely, on the fractionation gathered volumes those are fee-based businesses. On the marketing -- on the sales volumes, we generally generate a marketing margin. It's not necessarily a fee, it's a generally premium that we can collect in the marketplace, because we do have considerable volume at the market hubs. So that in and itself is not part of the fee-based business. I think one of the other things that get -- that you need to understand here is that some of the volumes are actually one and the same. So some of the volumes that we fractionate are also those same volumes are being gathered and transported.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Right.
Rob Martinovich: You can't add all those volumes together you would be double counting volume.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Right. I guess you would be offering some sort of a bundled fee on -- the same, okay. Okay.
Rob Martinovich: That's exactly. That's how generally our exchange agreements are primarily a bundled service.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Okay. Got it. And then just finally, the Conway to Mont Belvieu spread, I think spread, came down quite a bit in the quarter and just wondering what you are seeing for 2010 and what's the guidance, what's the assumption embedded in your 2010 segment guidance that the 297 million. If what kind of spread assumption is embedded there?
Rob Martinovich: Well, ERV [ph] for 2010 is about a $0.10 spread for ethane propane or EP mix is what I am talking about ethane spreads between Conway and Belvieu about $0.10 a gallon. There are other products that we generate that we optimize and generate and realize spread benefit as well, some of the heaviest propane and normal as well. But the big driver is ethane and that's about $0.10 a gallon.
Helen Rue  Barclays Capital: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
John Gibson: Thank you, Helen.
Operator: Next, question comes from Ted Durbin with Goldman Sachs.
John Gibson: Hello, Ted.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. Just thinking about the CapEx budget, more likely kind of what your customers are wanting to lean towards, processing fractionation may be little more commodity sensitive businesses or more than fee-based gas pipeline. Other things, what you are seeing in the market right now?
Curtis Dinan: Well, inside the partnership, we are seeing a need for continued increase in gathered volumes whether that the -- at in the gas business and gas liquid business as supply pushes itself towards infrastructure. So it's undoubtedly supply push and then but once it hits system, the way we turn that in the revenues is predominantly fee-based.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. So little bit of mix of both we are think about that, should going forward?
Curtis Dinan: A mixing in that it won't very drastically from the mix they currently exist.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's
Curtis Dinan: It's kind of more the same.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Yeah. Understood. And then may be just on the services that the Targa announced that, how we think about -- how that impacts your margins, there is something, I mean, capital involved there. But how we should workout for our models we think about that that agreement you signed?
Curtis Dinan: Ted, as you recall from other discussions, we have had the fractionation situation in the industry right now is very tight. There's not much access fractionation capacity available, so this was a low end crude project that we really needed to do to allow us to continue to grow our infrastructure. It fits very well. It's down on the south end of our Arbuckle Pipeline allows us to continue to grow and then from an economic standpoint, how it will make money? It will allow us to generate fees from our pipeline business. Fractionation in and out of itself will be a profit center but the most of the revenue you will make from it will be from -- as John indicated earlier long-haul barrels at Rockies to the Gulf Coast, Mid-continent down to the Gulf Coast.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: So you are seeing sort of potential constraints in terms of the overall movement of volumes and the pipe, which kind of drove you to drive to, agreement opposite?
Curtis Dinan: Probably, the short story is that the piece that is shortest now is fractionation space.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Right.
Curtis Dinan: And the party that can build the incremental fractionation the fastest certainly relative to us is the affiliate of target. So what we are able to do is, capture that capacity, used that and combine it with our gathering and with our -- as Terry said gathering of those barrels, so that we are able to provide producer a place to practice those barrels, then we have then barrels at the tailgate of that fractionators that we can then distribute and/or capture product price differentials. So, the short answer to your question is the way to think about this, we are increasing our margin. We are doing this to make more money. And this is the most economical and quickest way for us to meet the needs of the producers.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Got it. And if you could just -- just one more in terms of kind of bigger picture thinking about growth at the partnership and cost of capital, and so the LPGP [ph] relationship. How are you thinking about distribution growth going forward? Is there the things that, the general partner can do to make sure that the partnerships stays competitive, once it's completed projects?
Curtis Dinan: The general partner has shown a willingness to do that in the form of buying units. The other option that we have available to us is and we are looking for these opportunities are for the GP to buy assets at the GP level for us to spend down in the future. So we not only have a willing GP, but we have a financially strong GP that is very flexible and how it approaches its investment in ONEOK Partners.
Ted Durbin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's great. Thanks very much.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks Ted.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Lefebvre with Wells Fargo
Jonathan Lefebvre  Wells Fargo: Good morning, everybody. I should say almost good afternoon.
Curtis Dinan: Good morning, here.
Jonathan Lefebvre  Wells Fargo: We are listening to the William's Call last week and talking about their intention to exercise the option Overland Pass Pipeline. I think that agreement comes up in November, and I guess I was just wondering, what your thoughts are around this -- are you anticipating that they will exercise and if not, do you have the right to kind of resell that, that portion of the pipeline and then would it impact any of our capital plans in 2011 and beyond?
John Gibson: Yeah. Okay. We didn't listen to the call. So, to my knowledge, we don't know what they said? So, let's just review the option that they do have which, as you correctly point out is they have the option to acquire interest in the Overland Pass, the D-J and Piceance Pipeline Systems. They have that and then option is in November. We have yet to hear from them as to what their intentions are. We offered that option to them and by virtue of the fact of offering it to them; we are completely fine if they exercise it. And what that means is that if they exercise it, then we are going to get money and that's at a pre-determined price and that's money that we then use to invest further in ONEOK Partners. If they exercise the option and exercise it to the extent that they become 50% owners in those pipelines, I mentioned and they have the right to become operator which they elect to do that is okay with us because when we entered into this option, we entered into that with full knowledge knowing that, Williams is an excellent operator, pipelines as are we. So, we are good with it and -- but we've not heard anything from them. As far as the overall impact, when you look at the pluses and minuses of dollars coming in and interest cost going down and how much money we make off of the downstream activities, net-net it's not going to make a big difference to us in 2010 and relatively neutral going forward.
Jonathan Lefebvre  Wells Fargo: So I guess my question was if they don't exercise, will you look to bring in a different partner or will you just continue on with the same strategy or continue to own 99% of it?
John Gibson: I'm sorry. I didn't answer your question, I apologize, once their option period passes, we as owners of the -- 99% of the owners of the pipeline have the option to do whatever we like. I'm not sure that selling part of our pipeline to somebody else is not something we are thinking about. It's something that the short answer is we obviously have the right to do but it's not something we are contemplating.
Jonathan Lefebvre  Wells Fargo: So your growth plans for 3 to 500 million are not predicated on filling that piece?
John Gibson: No, absolutely not.
Jonathan Lefebvre  Wells Fargo: Got it. All right, that's all I have.
John Gibson: Okay.
Jonathan Lefebvre  Wells Fargo: Thanks.
John Gibson: See you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Louis Shamie with Zimmer Lucas.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter and the year. I just had a quick question regarding the distribution segment. Does your 2010 guidance assume any impact from that filing in El Paso?
John Gibson: It does, yes.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: It does.
John Gibson: We got it.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: Do you assume you get the full 7.3 million?
John Gibson: No.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: Okay. Can you tell me what you do assume?
John Gibson: No.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Curtis Dinan: Was that Louis or was that Alex?
Dan Harrison: That was Louis, yeah.
John Gibson: You are right, okay.
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas: All right. Thanks, John. Thanks, Rob.
John Gibson: See you Louis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
John Gibson: Hello, Ross.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Hi. Most of my questions have been answered but one quick question. What kind of exposure do you have to the Granite Wash and obviously in Oklahoma, it seems that the Woodford is obviously a growth area for you, I assume Granite Wash is as well. Whats going on in between in terms of conventional drilling that youre seeing?
John Gibson: Hey, Ross. Let me interrupt you. I'm sorry, but for some reason we can just barely hear you.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Okay. How about here, okay?
John Gibson: Little better.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Sorry about that. Obviously the Woodford is a growth area for you in Oklahoma? I was curious what kind of exposure you had to the Granite Wash, and absence that, what going on with conventional drilling just within your gathering areas?
Rob Martinovich: With conventional drilling. Well, first part of your question, we do have exposure to both the Colony Wash and Granite Wash, so our system do extend into those areas, so we like our position there. As far as conventional drilling, it's slowed down quite a bit. There is still some activity but the thing that's surprising us even some of the more traditional conventionally drilled formations are being horizontally drilled, and they were not horizontally drilled before. So, yeah, conventional drilling has slowed down quite a bit. But the horizon drilling obviously the results in the Woodford and Colony Wash have much more than offset that.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Thanks. Appreciate your comments on the overland pass as well. Thanks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Tysons [ph].
John Tysons: Hi, guys. Good morning.
John Gibson: Hi, John. How are you doing?
John Tysons: Good. Just quick question on and clarifying on the -- in terms -- in regards to our signed long-term fractionation agreement with Targa. Where are you able to lock in supply that supports that your capacity agreement on the fractionator? Or is it your view that the mid-continent NGL supply going to be so robust that taking advantage of, I guess, short-term NGL basis differentials is going to be a more attractive way of monetizing that fractionation capacity?
John Gibson: Terry.
Terry Spencer: Yeah. Got it. We actually have a considerable portion of that locked up not all of it but we do have supply committed for that will affectively go through that fractionator. Our view on the supply is so bullish that we don't have any concern that we won't have that fract full by the time it starts up.
John Tysons: So if you look at the, I guess, the supply versus the fractionation capacity in the Mid-Continent area over the Conway market. The assumption would be that youre going to be, there will be plenty of supply for the market and it's going to overflow to either Canadian or into the Gulf of Mexico, and I guess the is, Arbuckle pipeline is really the only incremental provider of the transport between the two at this point?
Terry Spencer: You know, I wouldn't say it's the only. But I will say that it's probably as economic if not the most economic alternative to move product down to the Gulf. It's readily expandable pipe and has quite a bit of connectivity on the down on the South end. And it ties directly into our fractionation facilities and as well, it will tie into the Targa fract.
John Tysons: What is your -- what is the -- how much further can you expand that pipe now that it's completed?
Terry Spencer: Well, the current capacity is about 160,000 barrels per day. And we can readily go to about 240, and some of our engineers would argue we could go even higher than that, but 240,000-barrels a day is what is expandable to.
John Tysons: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
John Gibson: Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Hi. Good morning, everybody, and very nice quarter as well. Actually, most of my questions have been hit, one follow up if I could or actually in energy services. Can you comment at all how the first quarter weather has treated you guys, and I guess, I just want to make sure that as we see the amount of hedges in place and I guess, I'm on the same page. Did the weather spikes, I mean, do we have the capacity to take advantage of that now or is sort of the move towards cutting out the volatility, which I think is absolutely the right way to go. Does that sort of also mute the impact of taking advantage of weather events like that?
John Gibson: You got it. And so obviously we can't make any comments about first quarter, but as we said many times before the tradeoff for us to align our capacity whether it be transport and storage with our premium customers is that we remove the opportunity to participate in the upside but we greatly remove the opportunity to participate in the downside. So as you just described it is exactly whats behind our strategy.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Perfect. Just wanted to confirm. And then, Curtis, the hedges you threw out on the NGL equity volumes and the gas volumes, I apologize, are those net two ONEOK or those Mont Belvieu have enough prices?
Curtis Dinan: Well, the equity volumes are, they are a combination.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: So net of the location.
Curtis Dinan: They are
Rob Martinovich: They are net of prices.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Okay.
Curtis Dinan: Yes.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Thank you, guys.
Dan Harrison: Okay. Well, thank you all. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners conference call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the first quarter will start when we close our books in early April and will extend until earnings are released after the market close as on April 28th. Our first quarter conference call is scheduled for April 29th and we will provide additional conference call information at a later date. Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day for any follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison  VP, IR and Public Affairs John Gibson  CEO, ONEOK; and Chairman & CEO, ONEOK Partners Curtis Dinan  SVP, CFO & Treasurer, ONEOK; and EVP, CFO & Treasurer ONEOK Partners Terry Spencer  COO, ONEOK Partners Rob Martinovich  COO, ONEOK Jim Kneale  President, ONEOK and ONEOK Partners
Analysts: Michael Blum  Wells Fargo Helen Rio  Barclays Capital Ross Payne  Wells Fargo Alex Meier  Zimmer Lucas
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners third quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Harrison. Sir, you may begin.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. A reminder that any statements that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor Provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to Securities and Exchange Commission filings. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK CEO and ONEOK Partners Chairman and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thanks Dan. Good morning. And many thanks for joining us today and of course for your continued investment and interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on todays call are Curtis Dinan, our Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; Rob Martinovich, Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK; Terry Spencer, our Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK Partners; and Jim Kneale, President of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Jim as well as the other presenters will be available to answer questions following our discussion. As our earnings releases indicated, both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners had strong third quarter and year-to-date performances. At ONEOK, all three segments performed well. Our distribution segment turned in a solid performance, benefiting from new rate mechanisms in all three states. Energy services had another solid quarter, primarily as a result of higher transportation margins relative to the comparative period. And ONEOK Partners posted solid results due to increase in natural gas and natural gas liquids throughput, which relative to year-ago levels helped to offset the impact of lower commodity prices and narrow our NGL product price differentials. Based on our nine-month performance and our current view of prices and volumes for the remainder of this year, we are increasing our 2009 earnings guidance and range at ONEOK and tightening range at ONEOK Partners. In just a few moments, Curtis will provide additional information regarding guidance at both entities. During the third quarter at ONEOK Partners, we completed our $2 billion plus growth program that began for us in 2006. Our last project, the Piceance Lateral Pipeline, a 150-mile pipeline connecting the Piceance Basin with the Overland Pass Pipeline is in service and began transporting volumes in October. The completion of these projects provides the partnership with growing fee-based earnings and with the opportunity to increase the partnerships distributions now and in the future, which will benefit not only ONEOK Partners unit holders but also ONEOK shareholders. As we discussed at our recent Investor Day in October, these projects also provide a foundation for future growth opportunities that we will identify over the next five years. Terry will speak more specifically to those opportunities in just a few moments. In the partnerships natural gas gathering and processing business, we had been successful in growing our processed volumes and are confident in our ability to deliver continued volume growth for the remainder of this year and through 2010. We also expect continued NGL volume growth throughout this year and next. The completion of the NGL growth projects which we are focused on new NGL supplies, along with our ongoing efforts to grow our NGL volumes behind our existing assets position us as a premier NGL company with both the assets and the capabilities to meet our producers and our customers needs. Now at this time, Curtis Dinan will provide a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners financial highlights. And then Terry will review the partnerships operating highlights. Curtis? 
Curtis Dinan: Thanks John, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, ONEOK Partners reported net income of $122 million or $1 per unit compared with last year's third quarter net income of $204 million or $1.97 per unit. The decline reflects the impact of lower commodity prices in the partnerships natural gas gathering and processing segment and narrow our NGL product price differentials in the natural gas liquid segment more than offsetting the benefits of natural gas and natural gas liquids, volume increases from our completed capital projects. Distributable cash flow in the third quarter was lower by $47 million, but more than adequate to cover a $1.09 per unit third quarter distribution and maintain a 1.14 times coverage ratio well within a 1.05 to 1.15 target. As John noted earlier, ONEOK Partners updated its 2009 guidance and narrowed the range of $3.40 to $3.60 per unit. A slight increase in the midpoint of the range is primarily the result of lower than anticipated interest expense and higher allowance for funds used during construction. We have increased our hedges to lock in margins on expected production in the partnerships natural gas gathering and processing segment which has the most sensitivity to commodity price changes. For the remainder of 2009, we have hedged 88% of our expected NGL and condensate production at an average price of $1.26 per gallon and 88% of our expected natural gas production at $4.25 per MMBtu. We have also increased our hedge positions for 2010. Approximately 60% of our expected NGL and condensate production is hedged at an average price of $1.38 per gallon and 75% of our expected natural gas production is hedged at $5.55 per MMBtu. As it is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and we will place additional hedges as conditions warrant. Our revised earnings guidance for 2009 also reflects a slight increase in capital investments from our previous forecast to $523 million for growth capital and $60 million for maintenance capital. Through the first nine months of 2009, we invested $491 million which includes $455 million for growth and $36 million for maintenance, leaving approximately $90 million in total investments remaining for 2009. Our capital position and financial flexibility remains strong. At the end of September, the partnership had $515 million outstanding under our $1 billion revolving credit agreement, which does not expire until 2012. The partnerships next long-term debt maturities are very manageable $250 million due in June 2010 and another $225 million due in 2011. As John mentioned earlier, in October, we increased the distribution to an annualized rate of $4.36 per unit. This marks the 12th distribution increase since the dropdown of the ONEOK assets in April 2006. During this period, the partnership has increased the distribution by 36% demonstrating our commitment to growing unit holder distributions. At the new annualized distribution rate of $4.36, our forecasted distribution coverage ratio for 2009 is 1.08 times. Increases in volumes and fee-based earnings from our recently completed capital projects will provide us with additional opportunities to increase future distributions. Now Terry Spencer will provide you with an overview of the operating partnership performance at the partnership.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Curtis, and good morning. I will start with the partnerships natural gas businesses. The gathering and processing segments third quarter results were lower compared with last years strong performance primarily as a result of significantly lower commodity prices. In addition to lower prices, we also experienced a 4% decline in natural gas gathered in both the third quarter and the nine-month periods due primarily to production declines and curtailments by producers of dry natural gas from coal bed methane wells in the Powder River Basin. We have certainly seen a drop-off in drilling and volumes in this region due to lower natural gas prices. However, since this gas generally does not contain natural gas liquids and is not processed, it is some of our lowest margin throughput. And as natural gas prices have improved over the past month, we have experienced some resumption of flow from the production in the Powder River, but not yet back to previous levels. The good news is that our natural gas volumes processed increased to 2% for the quarter and is up about 3% year-to-date. Processing volumes remained strong because of our presence in the NGL rich play such as the Bakken Shale and the Williston Basin in North Dakota and the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma. These areas remain very active for new supply development driven by favorable drilling economics due in large part to the high natural gas liquids content and associated crude oil and condensate productions. Across the five states where we operate, drilling rig counts appear to have bottomed out during the first week of June and have been gradually increasing since then. As of the end of the September, our well connects across the segment September and year-to-date are down about 25% from 2008 levels. But the wells we are connecting produce at higher average rates, so volumes have remained relatively steady with the exception of the previously mentioned Powder River Basin. As Curtis mentioned, our 2009 guidance for gathering and processing has been updated to reflect our latest hedge positions. This guidance also reflects our expectation that gathered volumes on our system will be about 3% lower than 2008 and that processed volumes will be about 3% higher than 2008. We also increased our 2010 hedge positions to approximately 60% for natural gas, liquids and condensate and to approximately 75% for natural gas. We currently expect 2010 gathered volumes to be down about 1% from 2009 and processed volumes to be up about 7%. We see continued volume growth in this segment with ample opportunities for system expansions within our diverse asset base especially in the Woodford and Bakken Shale plays. Now moving to our natural gas pipeline segment, this predominantly fee-based segment had an exceptional quarter. The Guardian Pipeline expansion and extension that was placed into service in the first quarter as well as our new Midwestern Gas Transmission Interconnect with the Rockies Express Pipeline added $10.1 million of margin to our third quarter results. This increase was partially offset by the impact of lower natural gas prices on our net retained fuel position. Both our inter and intrastate pipelines are almost 90% subscribed under demand based rates for the quarter. In early October, we completed the $14.7 million Fargo Lateral Expansion on Viking Gas Transmission on time and on budget, allowing us to increase our deliveries to our customers in North Dakota. I would like to thank our employees who helped us complete this important project. Equity earnings from investments were down for the quarter, primarily due to lower volumes and rates associated with our 50% interest in Northern Border Pipeline, increasing Canadian natural gas demand driven by oil sands development and natural gas fired electric generation growth has and will continue to create challenges for Northern Border over the near term. As firm contracts expire over the next few years, the success of the operations re-contracting efforts will be dependent about the evolving supply and demand balance between Canada and the Midwest markets in the United States. The operator of Northern Border, an affiliate of TransCanada remains focused on those re-contracting as well as the development of new business opportunities along the pipeline. The previously announced Bison Project expected to be completed in late 2010 will add to prolific Rocky Mountain producing region to Northern Borders supply portfolio, creating opportunities for future volume growth. Northern Border Pipeline is and will be connected to some of the most prolific producing basins in North America, and we look favorably on its role to continue supplying key Midwest market areas with reliable natural gas supply over the long haul. Now I would like to take a few moments to discuss our growth prospects in the natural gas pipeline segment. We are seeing increased demand for natural gas fired electric generation in the geographic areas we serve and connections to our pipeline infrastructure to serve this new power plant load our growth opportunity. We also see continued supply growth in the Mid-Continent region especially in the Woodford Shale that will provide us an opportunity to develop an build new pipeline expansions, extensions and interconnections to meet the needs of the producers in these regions. At this time, we are engaging discussions with producers and customers on several such projects within our natural gas pipeline segment. Now lets move to our natural gas liquid segment, operating income for the natural gas liquid segment decreased from the third quarter of 2008 primarily as a result of narrower NGL product price differentials and a prior year operational measurement gain related to NGL storage inventory. The average price differentials between the Conway and Mont Belvieu market centers for ethane was nearly 38% lower in the third quarter of 2009 compared with 2008. These decreases were offset by increased NGL volumes gathered, fractionated, marketed and transported, primarily due to the completion of Overland Pass Pipeline and its related projects, the Arbuckle Pipeline and new gas processing plant connections. The NGLs refractionated increased 32% from the prior year quarter to 496,000 barrels per day. NGLs transported on our gathering lines were up 52% or 132,000 barrels per day and NGLs transported on our distribution lines increased 4% or 16,000 barrels per day. The primary reason again for these increases is Overland Pass Pipeline which is currently flowing more than 99,000 barrels per day and which we expect to increase to approximately 130,000 to 140,000 barrels per day by the end of the fourth quarter of this year as a result of the recently completed Piceance Lateral Pipeline coming online. We also continued to increase solid results on our North System products pipeline serving the Midwest. For the remainder of this year, we anticipate healthy propane demand due to an expected strong corn drying season driven by wetter than normal fall and strong crop yields. We also continued to see strong third-party interest in shipping diluent, a natural gas liquid through the system to other third-party pipelines and railcar terminals. Diluent is used in the production and transportation of heavy Canadian crude oil. Operating costs and depreciation expense increased for the third quarter and year-to-date largely due to the incremental expenses associated with the operation of the Overland Pass Pipeline, the Arbuckle Pipeline and the expansion of our Bushton fractionator that began operating in the third quarter of 2008. Now for an update on some of our recently completed projects. In October, the Piceance Basin Lateral Pipeline was placed into service and will deliver raw NGLs from processing plants in the Piceance Basin to the Overland Pass Pipeline. We expect throughput on this lateral to reach approximately 30,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2009. Also during the third quarter, Arbuckle Pipeline throughput reached approximately 80,000 barrels per day and over the next three to five years, we have commitments from producers for 210,000 barrels per day of throughput compared with Arbuckles expandable capacity of 240,000 barrels per day. These higher volume commitments on Arbuckle have offset the higher than expected capital cost incurred and will allow us to add additional NGL supplies sleeking the price advantaged Gulf Coast market. There are always questions regarding the overall NGL market, so I will take a few minutes to share with you our observations and experiences. Across the NGL industry, excess fractionation capacity remains limited and we expect this situation to continue. As you would expect under those circumstances, we are seeing fractionation fees increasing significantly and we have seen regional NGL price differentials widen to historically high levels, primarily a supply and demand imbalances continue between Conway and Mont Belvieu. As many of you already know, more than 50% of the NGL barrel is used in the petrochemical industry. Our volumes delivered to the petchems have remained strong through the first nine months of 2009 and we expect this to continue. We believe this is driven by couple of things. First, our customers need for reliable supplies and services and infrastructure, and second, NGL based feedstocks like ethane continue to have a competitive cost advantage over oil based feedstocks for the remainder of 2009 and into next year. On the petrochemical front, weve continued to see strong demand for NGL based feedstocks primarily ethane due to its cost advantage and accordingly petrochemical demand for NGLs is up over 20% from early this year. However, overall, petrochemical demand is still down about 15% compared with its peak in 2008. Conversions at existing petrochemical facilities from heavy feedstocks to light NGL based feedstocks are expected to positively impact ethane demand during the remainder of 2009 and into 2010. Export demand for ethane derivative products outside of the US remains robust, but is showing some signs of moderation particularly in Asian markets. According to our industry sources, a vast majority of the US ethane derivative demand comes from Canada, Mexico and South America with about 10% of the export demand being consumed in Asian markets. Some industry experts believe that the new petrochemical capacity coming on line overseas albeit very slowly will displace some less economic oil based capacity located in certain Asian countries. We believe as do other experts in the petrochemical space that our country is accessed to and proven ability to quickly develop natural gas reserves at a relatively low cost will continue to keep fuel and feedstock costs for US petrochemicals at some of the lowest and most competitive prices in the world. Our past projects have been primarily NGL focused, and in the future, we expect that trend to continue. The need for a continued expansion of our NGL infrastructure is driven by the long-term development plans of natural gas and NGL producers within our core areas and some outside our core areas. NGL fractionation and pipeline expansion opportunities remain a key focus for our business particularly during this period of limited excess capacity that we mentioned earlier. A particular interest is the emerging Marcellus Shale play thats in need of more natural gas and NGL infrastructure. Discussions with producers are ongoing as we evaluate and develop solutions relating to NGL takeaway capacity. For the partnership overall, future potential growth capital spending is estimated to be in the range of $300 million to $500 million each year from 2010 through 2015. For 2010, we currently expect our growth capital investments to be around the lower end of that range. Much of our 2010 growth capital spending will be focused on connecting new natural gas and NGL supplies to our systems, NGL fractionation expansion opportunities, natural gas and NGL pipeline capacity upgrades and natural gas processing plant expansions. We discussed at our recent investor conference that we believe these potential growth projects will generate EBITDA multiples in the range of 5 to 6 times. Many of these projects are driven by the continued needs of natural gas and NGL producers and consumers for new processing, fractionation, storage, and pipeline capacity located in the Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent, Rocky Mountains and the upper Midwest and areas outside of our footprint as well. John that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. You have been busy. Good quarter. Turning to ONEOK now, let me now turn the discussion over to Curtis to review the ONEOKs financial performance. And then, he will be followed by Rob Martinovich who will review ONEOKs operating performance. Mr. Dinan.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the third quarter was $48 million or $0.45 per diluted share compared with last years third quarter net income of $58 million or $0.55 per diluted share. We increased ONEOK's 2009 earnings guidance range to $2.65 to $2.85 a share, reflecting strong results for the first three quarters of 2009 and confidence in our ability to perform over the balance of this year. This increase reflects improved operating performance in the distribution and energy services segment that Rob will discuss in a minute. ONEOK's year-to-date standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $158 million. We expect our standalone free cash flow for 2009 to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million. By virtue of ONEOK's general partner interest and ownership position, ONEOK received $70 million in distributions from the partnership in the third quarter, a 6% increase from the same period in 2008. At the partnerships current distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately $278 million in distributions in 2009, a more than 10% increase over 2008. ONEOK's liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the third quarter and on a standalone basis, we had $309 million of commercial paper outstanding, which is backed by our $1.2 billion revolver that does not expire until 2011, $22 million in cash and cash equivalents and $470 million of natural gas and storage. At the end of October, our short-term borrowings were $300 million. Weve previously stated that we do not expect our short-term borrowings to exceed $400 million for the rest of the year with significantly lower commodity prices and reduced natural gas storage capacity under lease in our energy services segment, we are on pace to be inside of this level. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011, when $400 million comes due. Our current standalone long-term debt-to-equity is 42% and our standalone total debt-to-equity is 46%. Combined with the free cash flow I described earlier, ONEOK has significant financial flexibility and liquidity with opportunities to make strategic acquisitions, increase our investment at ONEOK Partners, increase future dividends or repurchase shares. Finally, as I mentioned at our October analyst conference, we increased our long-term dividend payout ratio target to 60% to 70% of recurring earnings due to the stability of cash flows from all of our business segments, and we will continue to look for opportunities to increase the dividend and returns to our shareholders. Now, Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOKs operating performance. Rob.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks Curtis, and good morning. Terry already talked about the ONEOK Partners segment, so I will start with energy services. We had another strong quarter driven primarily by an increase in transportation margins that we were able to realize because of the hedges we put in place last year on the Rockies to Mid-Continent capacity. Year-to-date operating income is also up, primarily due to increased premium service, transportation, and retail margins, partially offset by lower realized seasonal storage differentials. Our natural gas and storage at the end of the quarter was about 80 Bcf, up from last years 75 Bcf. This increase is primarily due to warmer than normal regional weather in the first quarter this year as compared with the colder than normal weather realized in the first quarter of 2008. We currently have 83 Bcf of storage capacity under lease as compared with 91 Bcf at this time last year. We anticipate further reductions to 72 Bcf in the first half of 2010 and down to 65 Bcf in 2011. This lower storage capacity combined with much lower natural gas prices has significantly reduced energy services working capital needs compared with prior years, yet still gives us plenty of capacity to serve our customers. As Curtis mentioned, we have updated our energy services 2009 operating income guidance to $122 million. This increase is primarily due to our success in contracting for and retention of premium service margins, as well as increased optimization opportunities. We expect demand revenues related to our premium service activities will slightly exceed last years. We have a high degree of confidence in our ability to achieve this updated guidance. We have nearly a 100% of our storage margins and 90% of our transportation margins hedged for the remainder of 2009, and believe there may be upside due to additional optimization opportunities and retention of premium service margins. Now lets turn to the distribution segment. Our third quarter earnings were higher compared with last year, primarily due to new rates implemented in all three states as well as lower bad debt expense. Year-to-date operating income is also up primarily due to increased margins in all three states from these new rates. Operating expenses were lower due to reduced bad debt expenses in all three states partially offset by higher employee related cost. Our bad debt experience is better than last year for several reasons. Natural gas costs are much lower, our collection practices have been more successful. And we have a new bad debt recovery mechanism in Oklahoma that allows us to recover the gas cost portion of our uncollectable accounts. As previously reported, we also have this recovery mechanism in our other states. On the regulatory front, on October 26th, Oklahoma Natural Gas, Oklahoma Corporation Commission staff and the Attorney General entered a joint stipulation and agreement supporting the annual capital investment recovery mechanism of $17.3 million. On October 29th, the Administrative Law Judge approved the joint stipulation and is recommending approval by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission. The $17.3 million has been factored into our updated guidance. While the capital investment recovery mechanism sunsets this year, ongoing capital recovery will be included in the annual performance based rate structure commencing January 1st, 2010. The distribution segment updated 2009 operating income guidance of $209 million includes a $17.3 million capital investment recovery mechanism in Oklahoma, partially offset by higher employee related cost, primarily employee incentive accruals. Concerning the 2009 Oklahoma rate case, on October 28th, a joint stipulation and settlement agreement of $54.5 million was reached between Oklahoma Natural Gas, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission staff, the Oklahoma Attorney General and other intervening parties in the rate case filed June 26th. With the move of several current riders into the base rate, the net revenue increase is expected to be $25.7 million. If the joint stipulation is approved by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission as drafted, it would add approximately $14 million of operating income beginning in 2010. As a reminder, these new rates would fall under our new performance based rate structure which requires us to adjust rates annually beginning in 2011, depending on our returns. When compared with the original filing, they agreed upon stipulation includes a lower return on a equity of 10.5%, although higher than the current 9.9%, a slight reduction in rate base, and a reduction in expenses. We did maintain our filed capital structure of 44.7% debt to 55.3% equity. This settlement requires approval by an Administrative Law Judge and ultimately the Oklahoma Corporation Commission and is set for hearing before the Administrative Law Judge on November 9, 2009. A final ruling is expected by the full commission before the end of the year. Moving to rate activity in Kansas, on September 11th, the Kansas Corporation Commission approved that utilities be permitted to defer pension and other post-retirement expenses that are in excess of whats recovered in rates. We anticipate the total 2009 impact to be a $3.2 million increase in operating income. These amounts have also been factored into our guidance. On August 31st, we filed for a $3.9 million rate increase under the Kansas Gas System Reliability Surcharge Rider. The Kansas Corporation Commission staff have recommended the Kansas Gas Service be authorized to recover the $3.9 million. If approved by the Kansas Corporation Commission, the increase will go into effect in 2010. We expect to be able to report on the outcome of this filing on or before our fourth quarter analyst call. We continued to work on a memorandum of understanding with the Kansas Corporation Commission staff concerning Kansas Gas Services participation in efficiency Kansas in return for a form of rate decoupling. Lastly in Kansas, the United Steelworkers and the International Union of Operating Engineers ratified new labor agreements to replace the existing labor agreements on October 27th. The new agreement will be in effect through October 27th, 2011. Base wages, medical and pension benefits remain unchanged throughout the term of the agreement. I will wrap up with our Texas rate activity. In August, the cities in our Rio Grande Valley service area approved an increase of $1.3 million in base rate that also included new depreciation rates plus recovery of the few related portion of bad debts. These new rates were effective in September and are factored into our updated 2009 guidance. John, this concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Rob, and congratulations on a good quarter. Both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners continued to perform well and have strong financial positions. Before we move to your questions, I would like to spend a few moments discussing the partnerships future growth and stability, as well as ONEOKs future opportunities as a result of its strong free cash flow generation, which provides with the financial flexibility to create value over the long term. When we began the partnerships recent completed growth program in 2006, we promised to deliver increased earnings that would allow us the opportunity to grow our distributions, to benefit not only ONEOK Partners unit holders, but also ONEOK shareholders. This has happened and it will continue to happen. Despite lower commodity prices and an unstable market, we have been able to maintain and recently increase our distributions at the partnership, primarily if not solely due to earnings from these recently capital projects. And as I previously mentioned, these new assets provide us a foundation for future growth. We have identified the opportunities, and when appropriate we will announce the specific projects. At the partnership, we believe acquisition opportunities will develop over the next 18 months, primarily in gathering and processing assets. Regarding ONEOK, we have been asked frequently about potential uses of ONEOKs estimated $200 million to $220 million in free cash flow. Its a nice problem to have. Our financial structure as general partner and 45% owner of the partnership, provides us with a lot of options relative to acquisitions either at ONEOK or at the ONEOK Partners level. As previously discussed, we believe acquisition opportunities will be available primarily at the partnership. However, we are always looking for opportunities to grow our distribution companies. In any event, we will remain a disciplined buyer. We will evaluate potential transactions with a commitment to buy assets or businesses that fits strategically and have embedded growth opportunities. We also continue to have a strong interest in increasing our ownership in ONEOK Partners. And as our actions have demonstrated, are committed to growing our dividend. And we are not adverse to share repurchases having repurchased more than 22 million shares since 2005. But at this time, we believe other opportunities, acquisitions, increasing our ownership in ONEOK Partners, dividend increases and debt payment are more attractive options. That being said, we recognize we operate in a rapidly changing and ever-evolving marketplace and that those priorities could change as a result of those opportunities that are presented. But we are committed to maintain a broad view of the landscape, so that we can react to opportunities quickly. Once again, I would like to thank our employees for their commitment and contributions which allow us to create value for our investors and our customers, and thanks to all of them for their dedication and hard work. Finally, I would like to recognize and thank Jim Kneale, our President, who is retiring at the end of the year with 29 years of service to the company and participating in his last conference call, which I imagine sounds mighty nice to him. As leaders of large organizations, we recognize that our role is to prepare the organization for our exit, much like removing your finger from a glass of water and seeing no change in the water level. Jim has done his job well. The organization is prepared for his retirement, Terry and Rob are both doing a great job in their Chief Operating Officer roles and the future is right for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. But as Jim prepares to leave at the end of the year, I want him to know and I want you to know that the change in the water level will be noticeable on a personal level to me, our leadership team, and to our employees. In the 10 years I have worked with Jim, I have found him to be a great mentor, a confidant, and an excellent business person, whose calm demeanor and wise counsel will be missed by all of us, but especially me. I am truly blessed to know that although absent from work, he will always be my friend. So Jim thank you and enjoy your retirement. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Of course. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Michael Blum of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Thanks, good afternoon or good morning, everyone.
John Gibson: Hi Mike.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Couple of  just a couple of quick questions from me. The first, in terms of the hedging information you provided, have you  are those hedges mostly at the heavy end of the barrel on the NGL or have you also hedged on ethane?
John Gibson: Terry.
Terry Spencer: Yes, most of it is on the heavy end of the barrel. We still have some ethane to do.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. Could  any granularity you are willing to provide on it?
Terry Spencer: Not really. Yes, I mean we are still 
John Gibson: The majority of the unhedged barrel is 
Terry Spencer: The majority of the unhedged is that thing.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. And the second question is, you made some comments around natural gas pipeline growth potentially in the Mid-Continent, can you talk about what you are seeing there in terms of where youre seeing the long-term opportunities from a growth perspective and would that  do you think thats mostly going to entail expansion of existing pipelines or do you think there is actually room there for another pipeline and where would it go?
Terry Spencer: Well, from what I can tell you Michael is we are looking at a lot of things and particularly in the Mid-Continent supply is a key driver, the supply development in the Woodford Shale has been very significant and the outlook is very strong. So we see expansion opportunity of our existing assets and the potential for new pipeline facilities. So when  and we are talking to producers on a continual basis and trying to frame up economics and frame up the commercial structures.
John Gibson: So to provide a little more color to that, what if you say or I mean isnt it true that in addition to expanding our existing system which  for which there are opportunities, we are not talking about across the country pipelines, we are talking mainly about just like on the NGL side moving incremental natural gas to liquid points. Just so that you dont have a view that we are thinking about a Southern crossing of the United States or something like that.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. And thats helpful.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our next question comes from Helen Rio of Barclays Capital. Pardon me, if I mispronounced. Your line is open.
Helen Rio  Barclays Capital: Good morning. And couple of questions on OKS, given your expectation of processing volume growth in 2009 and 2010, is it reasonable to assume your equity volumes will hold or there will be higher in 2010 versus 2009 without major capital spending on the segment?
Curtis Dinan: Well one of the drivers in that movement of equity volumes are contract structures, okay? So that  you have to take that into consideration, and in often times, thats the primary mover. Now, if you are going to increase throughput and most of those contracts are POP type contracts, you are going to have to spend some capital to connect those wells, okay? So you will spend some capital and you will increase your equity position on NGL.
Helen Rio  Barclays Capital: Okay. So the capital would be mostly to connect wells.
Curtis Dinan: Thats correct.
Helen Rio  Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Gibson: As it typically is.
Helen Rio  Barclays Capital: Right, okay. And then another question is on your Arbuckle project, I think you talked about mid teens return, and is that return assumption based on the current capacity or the secure supply commitment of 210,000 barrel per day I guess just wondering whats the volume assumption to get to that mid teens kind of return?
Curtis Dinan: Well, I mean what weve provided you is a stair step if you will from where we are currently to that 210,000 barrels per day. That rate of return or those economics are based upon that volume forecast.
Helen Rio  Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks. And then I guess final question is, you talked about growth capital spending of about $300 million in 2010. And just wondering what do you expect to be the lead time of these projects, the timing of the spending whether you expect it to be front-end loaded or back-end loaded, just trying to get a sense of how much of EBITDA contribution you would actually see in the same year on the spending next year?
Curtis Dinan: Well, of course, its going to front-end loaded. A lot of these projects are organic growth projects, so its going to take some time for the EBITDA to materialize. So we will spend a considerable portion of the capital. It  you wont actually see most of that capital being spent until later in the year, okay? So from a profile standpoint, it will be more kind of back-end loaded in the year. So I guess what I am trying to say is there will be a lag of source. You will see some EBITDA in 2010, but a considerable portion of the EBITDA wont be realized until subsequent periods.
John Gibson: But it is fair to say Helen that one of the advantages of  in the gathering and processing and then particularly in the NGL business as well is that you make  you spend capital to connect new wells or new processing plants to your system. You start making money pretty quick.
Helen Rio  Barclays Capital: Right.
John Gibson: And is not a long lag time on those capital dollars, which is a part of the $300 million.
Helen Rio  Barclays Capital: Okay. Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Payne from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: How are you doing guys?
John Gibson: Good. How are you doing Ross?
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Good. And Jim, you will be missed, thanks for all of your hard work over the number of years. On Bison, wanted to ask a question, what kind of impact that will have on Northern Border Pipeline in your view as you look out a couple of years after its been up and running?
Terry Spencer: Well, Ross, I mean its going to be significant. The project is targeted to startup late 2010 and clearly it adds another level of diversity to the supply portfolio for Border. It is their near-term significant growth opportunity, so I am not speaking for TransCanada, but what I can tell you is its very important for them and they look to continue to expand it even further into the Meeker area.
John Gibson: So  but also if you want more details, you should go to TransCanada.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: And also on Overland Pass, it looks like that is almost able to reach full capacity fairly quickly with the Piceance Lateral, is that fair to say?
Terry Spencer: Right. And in terms of the current capacity, but as we said before, its expandable with additional some facilities.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Any thoughts on when that may happen?
John Gibson: Yes, from a timing standpoint, I mean the next  as we have indicated before in the next three to five years taking it to the maximum capacity level.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Over the next three to five years.
John Gibson: Right.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Do we have plans in the next couple of years to add more pump stations?
Terry Spencer: Absolutely, we will do. Thats going to transpire in stages between now and that timeframe.
Ross Payne  Wells Fargo: Great. Thats helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Meier of Zimmer Lucas. Your line is open.
Alex Meier  Zimmer Lucas: Hi guys, congratulations on the quarter. Just had two questions, first off, I know you guys disclosed that you had about 79.6 Bcf of gas and storage at your energy marketing and trading. Can you tell me how much you had at the dis-co [ph] at the gas distribution company?
Rob Martinovich: We had about 28 Bcf a day at our energy services and 34 Bcf total storage.
Alex Meier  Zimmer Lucas: I see, a 34 in storage at the distribution company, okay. And then just on the energy marketing and trading 
Rob Martinovich: No its 28.
Alex Meier  Zimmer Lucas: 28.
Rob Martinovich: The last number I gave you was the total capacity.
Alex Meier  Zimmer Lucas: Total capacity. Okay. And then just in terms of I guess the strong transportation margins you saw at energy marketing and trading, if you just look at what the kind of Rockies versus Mid-Con basis is right now. It looks like its very skinny. So just in terms of the hedging, can you give a little more color on how it was such as a great quarter and how well you guys did and whats driving that?
Rob Martinovich: Well, again, those were hedges that  as a result of hedges that were put on last year when the differential was wider. So thats what we are seeing now.
Alex Meier  Zimmer Lucas: And do you have a lot of hedges remaining for the remainder of the year for the transportation segment that were pressed at kind of a similar levels to what you saw in the third quarter?
Rob Martinovich: Yes, I mean, we are 90  we are over 90% hedged. So I mean they would in the similar ballpark.
Alex Meier  Zimmer Lucas: Okay, great. Thanks a lot again and congratulations. And Jim, best of luck.
Jim Kneale: Alex, thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions, sir.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, thank you. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners conference call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the fourth quarter will start when we close our books in early January and will extend until earnings are released. We will provide a reporting date and conference call information on the fourth quarter at a later date. Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison -- VP, IR John Gibson  CEO - ONEOK, and Chairman & CEO - ONEOK Partners Curtis Dinan -- SVP, CFO & Treasurer - ONEOK, and EVP, CFO & Treasurer - ONEOK Partners Jim Kneale -- President, ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Terry Spencer -- COO, ONEOK Partners Pierce Norton -- President, ONEOK Distribution Companies
Analysts: Carl Kirst -- BMO Capital Esiegel [ph] -- Credit Suisse Michael Blum -- Wells Fargo Rebecca Followill -- Tudor Pickering Holt Alex [ph] -- Zimmer Lucas Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital Michael Cerasoli -- Goldman Sachs John Tysseland -- Citigroup Jonathan Lafar [ph] -- Wells Fargo Salmon Acah [ph] -- Stifel Nicolaus Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo Mark Wrightman [ph] -- Estimates Capital [ph]
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the 2009 second quarter ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator instructions) I would now like to introduce our today's conference call Dan Harrison. You may begin, sir.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. A reminder that any statements that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ please refer to Securities and Exchange Commission filings. And now, let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK CEO and ONEOK Partners Chairman and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone and many thanks for joining us today and for your continued interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me today on the call are Jim Kneale, President of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, and Terry Spencer, ONEOK Partners Chief Operating Officer, Rob Martin [ph] ONEOK's Chief Operating Officer and Pierce Norton, President of ONEOK Distribution Companies. Terry, Rob and Pierce will be available during the question and answer period. Both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners had strong second quarter and year-to-date performance in a challenging industry and economic environment. Based on our six month performance and what we currently anticipate for the second half of the year, we are updating our 2009 earnings guidance for both entities. Increasing the midpoint and narrowing the range for ONEOK while narrowing the range for ONEOK Partners. As noted in our news release, we are forecasting that each of ONEOK's operating segments, ONEOK Partners Distribution and Energy Services will perform at/or better than the levels we forecast last February. Guidance for all four ONEOK Partners operating segments are also at/or better than what we forecasted earlier this year. However, equity earnings are expected to be lower at the partnership, primarily due to lower than anticipated throughput in our jointly owned Powder River Basin gathering systems which I guess fortunately also happens to be our lowest net margin business in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. All that being said, the positive is that while uncertainty still exists in the marketplace and in the economy, we are confident about our 2009 performance, we have a clear view of the operating environment and certainly much clearer than we did at the beginning the year and which is why we are updating our guidance at both entities. Now just a few brief highlights before I turn the call over to Curtis and Jim. Arbuckle Pipeline. The 440 mile NGL line running from southern Oklahoma through the Barnett Shale and into NGL infrastructure along the Texas Gulf Coast is now flowing. I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who helped us complete this important yet very challenging project. I will discuss the partnerships other growth projects and their contribution to ONEOK Partners and ONEOK a bit later. Based on ONEOK's strong cast flow in earnings, we recently increased the ONEOK dividend two sets reflecting our increasing confidence in ONEOK's ability to perform in a challenging environment. During the quarter, ONEOK Partners issued approximately 5.5 million units for more than $240 million in net proceeds. These proceeds coupled with 500 million of proceeds from the long-term debt issuance in March, provide us with more than adequate liquidity to complete our growth program and to fund additional capital investments at the partnership. Now, Curtis Dinan will provide a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners and review its financial highlights. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. In the second quarter ONEOK Partners reported net income of $98 million or $0.81 per unit compared with last year's second quarter net income of $155 million or $1.46 per unit. The decline reflects the impact of lower commodity prices in the partnerships natural gas and processing segment more than offsetting the benefits of natural gas and natural gas liquids, volume increases from our completed capital projects. Distributable cash flow in the second quarter was lower by 46 million, but more than adequate to cover a $1.08 per unit second quarter distribution and maintain a 1.08 times coverage ratio well within a 1.05 to 1.15 times target As John noted earlier, ONEOK Partners updated its 2009 guidance to a range of $3.25 to $3.65 per unit. It is important to note that our previous guidance did not include any assumptions for financing and that the mid point of our updated guidance is unchanged even after completing a $500 million debt offering and $240 million equity offering. Our updated guidance includes $11 million net interest expense increase primarily associated with our March debt offering and additional units from the June equity offering, which will increase average total units outstanding for 2009 by slightly less than 3 million for the year. During the quarter we increased our hedges to lock in margins on expected production and the partnerships natural gas, gathering and processing segment, which has the most sensitivity to commodity price changes. For the remainder of 2009 we have hedged almost 75% of our expected NGL and condensate production at an average price of $1.29 per gallon. Our natural gas hedges are unchanged from the first quarter with 45% of our expected natural gas production hedged at $4.20 per MMBtu. For 2010 we have hedged almost 15% of our expected NGL and condensate production at an average of $1.60 per gallon. Natural gas hedges for 2,010 are unchanged from the previous quarter with almost 40% of our expected natural gas production hedged at $5.71 per MMBtu. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and replace additional hedges as conditions warrant. Our revised earnings guidance also reflects higher capital investments than originally forecast at 509 million for growth capital and 61 million for maintenance capital. This is an increase of 145 million from our previous 2009 guidance, but a decrease of approximately 680 million when compared with 2008. Most of the increase in our guidance relates to the Arbuckle pipeline project, which Jim will discuss in a few minutes. We continue to develop additional growth capital projects that are expected to average 300 million per year in investments over the next five years much of which are in our NGL businesses. Through the first six months of 2009 we made $322 million in capital investments, which includes about 300 million for growth and a little more than 20 million for maintenance, leaving less than 250 million in total investments remaining for 2009. Our capital position and financial flexibility remains strong as a result of our successful completion of the debt and equity offerings earlier this year. During the second quarter we utilized some of the proceeds from the equity offering to reduce borrowings under our $1 billion revolving credit agreement. At the end of July, the partnership had 325 million outstanding under this revolver which doesn't expire until 2012. The partnership has no long-term debt due this year with the very manageable 250 million due in June of next year and another 225 million due in 2011. John, that concludes my remarks on the partnership.
John Gibson: Thanks, Curtis. Now, Jim Kneale will discuss the partnerships operating performance. Jim?
Jim Kneale: Thank you, John and good morning, everyone. I will start with the partnerships natural gas businesses. The gathering and processing segment second quarter results were down as compared with 2008's record performance as a result of significantly lower commodity prices. We also saw about a 5% decline in natural gas gathered for the quarter and a 3% decline for the six month period. Natural gas process increased slightly for the quarter and was up about 3% year-to-date. We gather more gas than we process due in part to gathering dry gas from coal bed methane well in the Powder River Basin. This area is where we have seen the largest drop-off in drilling and volume. Since this gas is not processed, as John mentioned, it is typically our lowest margin gas. Across the five states where we operate drilling rig counts appeared to have bottomed out during the first week of June and have been increasing since then. The July average rig count across our areas was 6% above June. In our core growth areas in the Williston Basin and in western Oklahoma, particularly, the Woodford Shale, we continue to see moderatively active drilling, which is responsible for the increase in volumes processed. In the Williston Basin, where we gather and process (inaudible) we have collected more wells in the first six months of 2009 than we did in 2008. To some extent due to the backlog we had entered 2009 with. Overall, our well connects year-to-date are down about 14% from 2008 levels but comparable with the number connected in the first six months of 2007. Our updated guidance contemplates gathered volumes on our system to be about 3% lower than 2008. And while we do see some bright spots in the shale plays with the decrease in rig counts across the country, we believe volumes may continue to decline. Based on our current view, we expect 2010 gathered volumes to be down about 3% in 2009 and process volumes to be up about 2%. To counter this impact on margins we will continue to focus on improving contract terms, plant and system efficiencies and lost and unaccounted for. Now, moving to our natural gas pipeline segment. Earnings for the quarter were down as compared with last year. Although we had our first full quarter of earnings from the Guardian Pipeline project, which added $8.3 million of margins to second quarter results, this increase was offset by the impact of lower natural gas prices on our net retained fuel position. Our inter and intra state pipelines were more than 80% prescribed under demand based rates for the quarter. At the end of June, our Midwestern gas transmission pipeline interconnect with Kinder Morgan's Rocky Express Pipeline was completed. As a result, capacity on Midwestern is now fully subscribed. Equity earnings from investments were also down for the quarter, due to lower subscription volumes and rates on our 50% interest in northern border pipeline. Now, let's take a look at our natural gas liquids businesses. The natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation segment operating income decreased from the second quarter of 2008. Overall, net margins were unchanged. Increased volumes from Overland Pass and new supply connections were offset by higher turf cost paid to our natural gas liquids pipeline segment and narrow our NGL product price differentials. NGLs fractionated increased 29% to 479,000 barrels per day in the quarter. Operating cost and appreciation expense both increased. Largely due to incremental expenses from the expansion of our (inaudible) fractionator that began operating in the third quarter of 2008. The natural gas liquid pipeline segment second quarter operating income increased 80% as compared to 2008. NGL gathered were up 80% or 78,000 barrels per day and NGL distributed increased 50% or 153,000 barrels per day. The main reason for these increases is Overland Pass pipeline, which is currently flowing more than 98,000 barrels per day. 20,000 of which are coming from the DJ Basin Lateral that went into service last quarter. Overland Pass is still expected to flow approximately 140,000 barrels per day by the end of the third quarter following completion of the Piceance Lateral. We are in the process of adding additional pump stations to handle these increased volumes. We also continue to see growth on our north system. In the first quarter of 2009, we saw increased propane shipments into the Chicago area due to cold weather. And in the second quarter, we saw increased natural gas shipments to meet the higher demand in the (inaudible) markets which is driven by Canadian heavy crude oil development. Now, for a quick update on some of our other projects. We were pleased to announce that we completed construction on the Arbuckle pipeline. At the end of July we began receiving product into the pipeline. Once the line is filled, delivery will begin to our Mont Belvieu fractionators. Our cost estimate for Arbuckle is $490 million. During the third quarter Arbuckle is expected to reach 65,000 barrels per day and we have sufficient commitments in place to fill the pipelines expanded capacity of 210,000 barrels per day in the next three years to five years. The demand by the market on the pipeline has kept the economics of this project very favorable despite the increased cost. The project continues to exceed our expectations and attracting new mid-continent NGL supplies seeking the price advantage Gulf Coast market. We have also resumed construction on the Piceance Basin Lateral pipeline following the plant stoppage due to the big game winter restrictions. We expect to complete this Lateral in the third quarter and initial flow is expected to be approximately 37,000 barrels per day. It is also worth noting that most of the additional NGL barrels that will be moving across our system from the Rockies and the Barnett Shale are not incremental to the marketplace. Now I'm going to talk about the overall NGL markets. As many of you already know more than 50% of the NGL barrel is used in the petrochemical industry. Our volumes delivered to the (inaudible) have remained strong due to the first six months of 2009. We think that has more to do with increasing demand by our customers for ONEOK Partners' reliability than with the overall increased demand for NGLs. The increased demand is driven by our customers need for reliable supplies, services and infrastructure and the fact that NGL feedstocks had a competitive cost advantage over petroleum based feedstock such as naphtha. In the first half of 2009 ethane was the favorite feedstock by wide margin. We have just recently begun to see some feedstock switching from ethane to propane, butanes and to some extent natural gasoline. As a result of the record high propane inventories and resulting lower propane prices, we expect propane to continue to compete favorably with ethane and in the foreseeable future. In addition it is not uncommon for petrochemical companies to destock or reduce inventories at year end. These factors point to continued volatility in demand for NGL feedstocks throughout the remainder of 2009. Going into 2010, we expect and proven in the pet cam [ph] markets as we are beginning to see stabilization in the U.S. economy as well as positive GDP growth in international markets. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Jim. Now, Curtis will return and share with us ONEOK's financial performance. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the second quarter was $42 million or $0.39 per diluted share relatively unchanged from the second quarter last year. We also raised the mid-point of ONEOK's earnings guidance by $0.05 and tightened the range to $2.40 to $2.70 a share, reflecting our confidence in our ability to perform in this challenging environment. ONEOK's year-to-date standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $127 million. We expect our standalone free cash flow for 2009 to be in the range of $200 million to $230 million. By virtue of ONEOK's general partner interest and ownership position ONEOK received almost $70 million in distributions from the partnership in the second quarter, a 6% increase from the same period in 2008. At the partnerships current distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately 277 million in distributions in 2009, a 10% increase over 2008. This free cash flow continues to provide ONEOK with significant financial flexibility and liquidity with opportunities to make acquisitions, increase our investment in ONEOK Partners, increase future dividends or repurchase shares. As John mentioned, we increased the ONEOK dividend $0.02 this quarter representing the seventh time since January 2006 that we have done so and a 50% increase during that time frame. ONEOK's liquidity position continues to improve. At the end of the second quarter and on a standalone basis, we had 330 million of commercial paper outstanding, which is backed by our $1.2 million revolver that does not expire until 2011. 15 million in cash and cash equivalents and 400 million of natural gases storage. During 2009 we have reduced our total debt by $1.2 billion from cash on hand, cash from operations and lower working capital levels. At the end of July, our short-term borrowings were under $300 million with significantly lower commodity prices and reduced natural gas storage capacity under lease in our Energy Services segment. We do not expect our short-term borrowings to exceed 400 million for the rest the year. As a result we are letting our $400 million, 364 day revolving credit agreement expire today. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011 when 400 million comes due. Our current standalone long-term debt to equity is 41% and our standalone total debt to equity was reduced to 46% from 59% at the end of 2008. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Curtis. Now, Jim will return and review ONEOK's operating performance. Jim?
Jim Kneale: Thanks, John. I already covered ONEOK Partners so I will start with Energy Services. We had a strong quarter driven primarily by an increase in transportation margins. We were able to realize higher margins because of hedges we put in place last year on our Rockies to mid-continent capacity. We also had higher retail margins as a result of increased fees collected for providing our retail customers with the ability to lock in their commodity prices. Our natural gas and storage at the end of the quarter was about 70 Bcf, up from last year's 41 Bcf. The increase was partially due to warmer than normal regional weather that effected demand in the first quarter. And in 2008, we had a larger than normal draw down due to colder weather. We currently have 83 Bcf a storage capacity under lease as compared to 91 Bcf at this time last year. We anticipate further reductions to 72 Bcf during the first half of 2010 and down to 65 Bcf in 2011. This lower storage capacity combined with much lower natural gas prices has significantly reduced Energy Services working capital needs as compared with prior years. As Curtis mentioned, we reaffirmed our Energy Services 2009 operating income guidance of $115 million. We have a high degree of confidence in our ability to achieve the 2009 guidance and believe there is upside potential. We continue to have good success and contracting our demand business and expect demand revenues will slightly exceed last year. We also have nearly 100% of our storage margins and 90% of our transportation margins hedged for the remainder of 2009. Now, let me talk about the distribution segment. Our second quarter earnings were down compared to last year, primarily due to higher employee-related costs. Partially offsetting those increased costs were higher margins due to new rates in all three states and lower bad debt expenses. Year-to-date, operating income is up, primarily due to increased margins from new rates in all three states, even though we experienced warmer weather in our entire service territory. On the regulatory front on June 26, we filed a rate case in Oklahoma under the recently approved performance based rate structure. The filing seeks a $66 million increase in base rates and is driven primarily by capital investments since our last capital recovery filing. The file rate structure includes a higher customer charge, which reduces our volume metric exposure and request a return on equity of 11% as compared to our current 9.9%. It also moves several of our current writers [ph] into base rates effectively reducing the requested rate increase to a net amount of $37.6 million. If approved as file it would increase annual operating income by about $19 million beginning in 2010. Moving on to Kansas, the commission staff recommended that utilities be permitted to defer pension and other post unemployment benefit expenses that are different from those recovered in rates. And that external funding be required for an amount equal to the costs recovered from rate payers. If approved, it has a potential impact of $2.7 million for 2009 and has been factored into our guidance. And at Texas gas service in June, our central Texas area, which includes Austin, received an increase of $1.1 million in base rates, which also included a $5 million decrease in depreciation expense. Plus recovery of fuel related portion of bad debt and recovery of curing costs for natural gas and storage. These new rates were effective in July and are factored into our 2009 guidance, which remains at $200 million for operating income. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Jim. As you heard both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners are in a strong financial position and are performing well in a challenging industry in economic environment. As ONEOK Partners wraps up its $2 billion program, I would like to provide some perspective on this capital investment program that will conclude later this year with the completion of the Piceance NGL Lateral pipeline. When we started this program more than three years ago, the world, the economy and certainly the energy industry were a lot different than they are today. And despite some of the challenges we faced on various projects whether regulatory hurdles related to (inaudible) and the worse winter in a generation on the Overland Pass pipeline or Rocky and reroutes along the Guardian Pipeline in Wisconsin or expensive ride-away in mud, I mean lots of it along the Arbuckle Pipeline. These projects have exceeded our expectations and will continue to do so in the future. In spite of increased cost and delays, these projects will provide us with exceptional returns and will provide the partnership and ONEOK with growing sustainable fee based earnings for years to come. And several of these projects Overland Pass and Arbuckle can be easily and inexpensively expanded to accommodate growing NGL volumes. In addition to the earnings that these projects will provide to the partnership and of course to ONEOK as general partner and a significant owner, these projects also clearly establish us as one of the premiere NGL operators in the country. With the infrastructure and market knowledge and customer focus to complete effectively in this important business creating value, not only for our customers, but also for our investors, both in ONEOK Partners and ONEOK while at the same time creating a gateway, if you will, to additional growth projects in the years ahead. And as any successful business does we will apply the lessons that we have learnt on the largest capital investment program in our history as we enter the next phase of the partnerships growth program which is currently more than $303 million per year beginning in 2010 and continuing through 2015. And finally, I would like to thank our employees for their commitment, their contributions. Both of which allow us to create value for our investors and our customers. We would like to all say thanks to all of them for their dedication and hard work. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Carl Kirst from BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst -- BMO Capital: Hey, good morning, everybody. Few questions and I will keep it with the OKE level. Great job derisking the marketing. Jim, if I understand you correctly when you said that 100% of the storage margin is now locked in 90% of the transportation, if we can somehow relate this to the 115 million of EBIT guidance is the only then remaining risk that 115 million target really just that remainder of the transportation margin or are there other aspects we should be keeping our eye on?
Jim Kneale: Carl, I think, an overall that's a pretty accurate assessment, we're almost a 100% hedge on our storage margins and it is just a small piece that isn't. As our customers aren't calling on the service, and what I call the shoulder months, we often can make some money optimizing those position so that provides us a little opportunity. Then, factored into our guidance is the amount of storage draw we will have in primarily December, but based on our practice, that's fairly conservative. So those numbers are pretty firm. We do have our retail operation. It's looking good. So generally as a way we're looking at that we feel real confident in the 115 and depending on what the winter does and gas prices do before winter, there is some upside to that business.
John Gibson: Carl, this is John. One thing I would add to Jim's comment. I think he is dead right. I think it also points out the difference in a way we are operating the segment is that we are at 100% hedged on storage spread and 90% on transport. And that's different than what we've done in the past. It eliminates a lot of upside potential but at the same time provides some certainty to our earnings what you don't know. And although there is upside as Jim pointed out, what you don't know is how cold it's going to be in the areas where we serve our LDCs and what impact that will have, not only on the optimization opportunities, but also the draw on the services that we provide to our LDC. So that provide some flexibility which allows us to not necessarily tie down 2009 at this point in time.
Carl Kirst -- BMO Capital: Fair enough. Second question, just to kind of micro on the LDC side. Notice that this quarter, it looked like we had higher employee-related expenses relative to the first quarter which is actually down and I didn't know if that was pension related or if this was just sort of a more lumpy adoration, just trying to get a feel for that going forward.
Jim Kneale: Carl, this is Jim. Although they were up this quarter, it's more of a timing. And I think as we get into the next quarter and the fourth quarter that will smooth out and you won't see a variance like that.
Carl Kirst -- BMO Capital: Great. And then last question if I could, and John, I know you get all the time, but with respect to the perhaps the current market in the we are in the current opportunities you might see, question I get I know is prioritizing the cash flow at the OKE level between acquisitions at all, are there more opportunities perhaps on the M&A front given your guys consolidation strategy over the last several years. Are you seeing more opportunities today than six months ago? Or is it more the same?
John Gibson: Carl, more opportunities are being discussed. Expectations of sellers continue to be high. As we have said before, I think over the next six months to 18 months, we will continue to see opportunities and we are positioning the company to be ready because from a priority standpoint, we want to buy earnings and then we will build earnings.
Carl Kirst -- BMO Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Esiegel [ph] of Credit Suisse.
Esiegel -- Credit Suisse: Thanks. John, if you could buy earnings and then build earnings, that's a segue into the CapEx profile looking out into 2010 at the MOP level. When you think about $300 million annually and projects could you talk about what kind of returns are you looking at relative to the exceptional returns and I am not sure you how you define exceptional returns. But the exceptional returns that you have on the $2 billion projects, are those $300 million that you are thinking about, are those relatively quick return projects so that the risk involved would probably be less than the risk that you've seen before and what do you think would have to happen in order for that $300 million of CapEx to be somewhat larger or smaller.
John Gibson: The 300 million does not include acquisitions. So that addresses your point on buying earnings versus building earnings. And when you look at the building earnings which will be dependent on the market need for these assets that we contemplate building they are quick return predominantly, their well connects to our gathering and processing segment, they are in the partnership, there are going to be plant connections, there going to be interconnects to our pipeline systems, so there is going to be quick returns, and from the definition of exceptional, if I can recall all your questions, you are the one person that can put five questions into one. So if I don't answer them all, let me know. And we will try to get them. Exceptional, what we said before is the money we spent in the partnership, we are looking on a weighted average basis in the mid-teens. It all depends by segment, the relative cost of capital that each of those segments face, so what that says is that a pipeline extension has two 15 year contracts with LDCs behind it will accept a lower result from standpoint of return than we will where there is more risk involved, say in gathering and processing or perhaps gathering fractionation.
Esiegel -- Credit Suisse: I am sorry.
John Gibson: No, I was just going to, I wanted to come back and ask you if I had answered your questions.
Esiegel -- Credit Suisse:  The one that I think you missed was under what circumstances could you see less than $300 million or more than $300 million going forward?
John Gibson: Less than 300 million is a more of a timing issue. So for example, what we anticipate in our origination efforts with the marketplace is that these assets or projects need to be built. What happens that delays it is for example, drilling activity, volume, the market doesn't need, there's not a need for the capacity to be built today. An example would be a pipeline or fractionator or some known volume addition. And that would cause you to perhaps not spend as much as the 300 million and that would hit you later on. What would cause you to increase is going to once again be increase in activity from the standpoint of volume and throughput needing to get either transported, gathered, processed or fractionated, stored.
Esiegel -- Credit Suisse:  Okay. And I promise my very, very last question is, Jim gave some metrics on well connects, I think he said it was down 14%. Can you talk about what the expectations are for well connects in the second half of the year and what are you thinking about for 2010?
John Gibson: Well, I'll let Jim answer the question, but then I have an editorial comment to add to it. This is beyond metric.
Jim Kneale: The big picture, I gave what our current view of volumes might be for next year. In the areas where we operate, we believe we do a very good job of being the low cost operator and because of our relationship with producer that helps us create a competitive advantage. And although our well connects are down this year as I mentioned they are comparable, the 2007 which was a good year. And as we look forward we think that will be about like 2007 connection. So again, you got to look at the areas, where we have focused and try to create a competitive advantage and to the compliment of our people that seems to be the whole value for the producer.
John Gibson: In the editorial comment that I would add is simply, in addition to what Jim saying is that we do have this competitive advantage, where we strive to maintain a competitive advantage from the standpoint of being low cost provider to increase the net back to the producer. But at the same time I believe strongly that to be successful in gathering and processing, you have to have an extremely strong gas supply capability, which means we place a lot of importance on our gas supplies people's ability to go out and effectively attract new supply to our system. Now, that's difficult when drilling is down. But there is other ways to maintain the existing volume that you have on your system through good service and helping them with enhanced net backs and then the other way is to take gas away from our competitors. And so our gas supply people are focused on those three ways in with which we continue to maintain or grow our supply there. Certainly our supply capability is as important as our operating efficiencies in gathering and processing.
Esiegel -- Credit Suisse:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Hey, good morning, everyone. I just have a couple of questions on the guidance I guess. The first is, I guess, since your last time that you have updated your guidance, we learned that Arbuckle would come on little later than expected yet your NGL pipeline guidance is up. So I just wanted to figure out what the drivers are there.
Jim Kneale: Yes, Michael, it's primarily, we've had more success than we had estimated in connecting volumes. Try to speak to that a bit when I talked about Arbuckle and the demand by the market for space on Arbuckle, same thing for Overland Pass. And then our optimization has been higher than we had anticipated. If you recall, we had estimated one marker that we give is that the convoy demont Belvieu differential would be $0.07 I believe in our guidance and its average $0.10 and $0.11. So that helps also.
John Gibson: And of course, in the gathering and fractionation business, much like the gathering and processing business, one of our key capabilities is that supply and we count on people to bring those new supplies to our system.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Okay. Helpful. Thank you. The second question is I appreciate the comments on your market outlook for the NGL market. As it relates to the commodity deck you are using in your guidance, your NGL price (inaudible) for the rest of the year and the imply NGL crude correlation is lower than where we are today. So I just want to make sure I am looking at that correctly are you actually assuming that prices in that relationship deteriorates over the rest of the year or is that just more conservatism on your part?
John Gibson: One thing I would say about that before we flood you with just a myriad of numbers is that any relationship of an NGL product to crude oil, you can just, in our opinion, without the window. We're just in a different market dynamic right now and I think we have consistently been conservative but I think we tend to be also fairly close to the market. So it's a reflection of what we believe, how bout if I answer you that way.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Fair enough.
Jim Kneale: Michael, I might add two other points, I just make is one is that composite that we use is based on the barrels that we process. So, it's hard to make a direct correlation to crude oil from that and add it to what John said. The other thing is we have significant amount of our NGL and natural gas hedged in the G&P business for the rest of the year. So commodity price will have some impact on that business but not that much.
Michael Blum  Wells Fargo: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rebecca Followill with Tudor Pickering Holt.
Rebecca Followill -- Tudor Pickering Holt: Hi, guys. I have several more questions for you. On Arbuckle, you are saying that 65,000 barrels per day now and that you got commitments to sell 200,000 barrels per day over the next several days I guess over the next three to five years. Can you walk through how that works, how much capital is required to expand it, the timing, are they already signed from commitment, that kind of thing.
John Gibson: Terry, why don't you answer Becca's question
Terry Spencer: Becca, to provide a little color on the Arbuckle supply, all of those supplies that we are talking about that 200,000 barrels a day is under contract and so that production will come online gradually over the course of the next two to three years, much of that production is from existing processing plants. So those processing plants will be coming off the pipeline and into Arbuckle. So from a commitment standpoint we are very confident about where we are. And as far as capital, we are just talking about pump facilities. No, and likely there will be some smaller laterals, so from a capital standpoint you are going to be talking in the range of probably $20 million to $30 million a year until we reach that peak. So we are not talking about a major CapEx or line moving or anything like that to accommodate that volume growth.
Rebecca Followill -- Tudor Pickering Holt: Great. Thanks, Terry. And the next question on northern border. The lower commitment to contract, contract commitments on lower margins, can you talk to what is the contracted capacity in northern border and then how that will change once Bison [ph] comes back online?
John Gibson: Pierce is our one of our representatives on the management committee. So Pierce, would you help us with that?
Pierce Norton: Becca, I am actually going to refer you are as far as the percentage contract to the northern borders website because of the FERC oversight to that making sure that everybody gets a notice appropriately, but you can tell it's not fully subscribed. The driver there has been that the mid continent supply pitcher has been, basically, firm there because of Rex delay going east. We have seen some betterment of that as Rex has gotten on further east. So we see yourselves being able to compete on the basis standpoint there.
Rebecca Followill -- Tudor Pickering Holt: And then once Bison comes online, how does it change things? Won't they take a passing on the northern border?
Jim Kneale: Yes, they will. And one of the things that's changed, Becca, Bison is that it was originally proposed as a 24-inch, they have now upsize that to 30-inch. And so although the capacity is sold out firm based on the capacity of the 24-inch which is approximately 450 to 500 million, we also anticipate that as the net backs improve for the Powder River Basin to Ventura, and to Chicago markets, then we would stand a chance of having some additional gas pull that way out of the Powder River.
Rebecca Followill -- Tudor Pickering Holt: Great. Thank you. And then the last question on Energy Services with reducing the amount of storage that you have and having transportation basis hedged for this year, I imagine its probably much better than we are seeing basis right now. I know it is too early to give outlook for 2010, but just directionally is it correct to assume that it is going to be headed lower for 2010 or am I jumping to too many conclusions?
Jim Kneale: This is Jim. Yes, if you look at the market, the basis is lower for 2010. We have about two-thirds of the transport hedged for next year. And about 100% of first quarter storage margins. And thats been lagging into some for later in the year, but yes, right now as you look at the picture especially at the Rockies to mid-continent basis is lower.
Rebecca Followill -- Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys and nice additions to the ONEOK Partners board. That's a powerhouse group there.
John Gibson: Thank you, Becca.
Operator: Our next question comes from Louis Shamie with Zimmer Lucas.
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Hey, guys, it's actually Alex [ph]. Couple of questions on the EM&T business. In terms of how much gas you have Bcf wise and storage at the end of Q2 including the LDC.
John Gibson: You are cutting out. Couldn't hear. Try that one again, please.
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Could you guys tell me how much gas BCF wise you have in storage at the end of the second quarter including the LDC?
John Gibson: Which business, are you referring to?
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: You guys disclosed the dollar amount of gas inventory you have.
John Gibson: Are you talking about distribution business, Louis?
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Yes, the LDC plus EM&T
Jim Kneale: This is Jim. We have 70 BCF around the Energy Services and little over 18 BCF at the distribution companies. I don't have the dollars available.
John Gibson: That's great.
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: And then the second question just has to do with transportation margin, you guys have talked about how you hedged in about two-thirds of that, when did you guys start putting on those hedges?
John Gibson: You mean what day?
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Just roughly, I mean do you have a philosophy on how you lay on hedgers for transportation roughly
John Gibson: Yes the philosophy is that I am assuming you are talking about our Energy Services
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Youre correct.
John Gibson: It is part of our looking at that business differently. As we look at the transportation storage we need to serve our LDC customers. And we see the relative values that we expect for the transport and the storage and we see opportunities that are at or above those numbers, we have been executing hedges and I don't know exactly what day or what time period but Jim, do you?
Jim Kneale: Yes, I think, again John said we are always looking at it on our transport I just what I recall is that we began putting some of those hedges on back in 08, and I think we added some probably in the first quarter of this year. So we continually look at that and what we believe the realty value, as John said, going forward and then as the market moves, we will be opportunistic and lock those in.
John Gibson: But it is clear. It is clear that we are increasing the amount that we are hedging relative to past. In other words, our open position is lower than it has been historically, which will limit our upside potential. But we clearly have the ability, if you will, lowering the downside, our risk to the downside.
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Got you. And then just in terms of the transportation business, how much of that is driven by mid-content Rocky spread and locking that in, are there other basis differentials that are a big driver of margins in that business?
John Gibson: Again, when you say our transport business, are you talking about our pipeline business and the partnership or are you talking about transport that we have under contract Energy Services?
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Energy Services.
Jim Kneale: Alex, this is Jim. That number moves around a lot. But if I recall right about 20% of our transport is Rockies to mid continent and then about another 20% is mid continent to the gulf and then a lot of other capacities.
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Got you. And I guess another last admin question is just related about your disclosure, you used to talk about volume shift on your natural gas pipeline segment and now you have changed that to contracted. I am just curious is there a difference or if their reporting has changed or is the same?
Jim Kneale: What we looked at, we used to give the natural gas volumes that flowed on those pipelines and didn't think that was really indicative because a lot of that capacity is demand based fixed transport. So probably more important and better indicator of the revenue in that section was that new statistic versus the amount of gas that was actually flowing on those pipes.
Alex -- Zimmer Lucas: Alright, great. Thanks a lot, guys.
John Gibson: You're welcome, thank you, Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helen Rio with Barclays Capital.
Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning, my questions are on ONEOK Partners and first one is on the committed volumes contracted on the NGL pipeline including Overland and Arbuckle, I am wondering if you get demand charges on these lines that you get paid regardless of the usage of the pipeline?
John Gibson: Terry?
Terry Spencer: All of these structures contact structures are on a interruptible basis, there is no firm demand charge like you will see in the natural gas business. That's traditional for the NGL business. So they will pay on a volume metric basis based upon what they actually produce. But as I indicated earlier vast majority of these processing facilities they were connecting to have a long history of NGL production and we feel very comfortable about our volume metric forecast.
John Gibson: What do you mean by that, is most of my currently flowing barrels.
Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on Arbuckle, I guess the project cost increased. Does that change your return assumption on this project? I know you mentioned, it's not very favorable but I was just wondering if you are able to pass on the increased cost to the customers to higher fees. How that works?
Terry Spencer: To the extent that we entered into contracts with NGL producers before we actually completed the pipeline or actually realized what the costs are going to be, we committed to those rate. But some of the producers have come in later. Some of the more recent producers that we signed up, we have been actually able to pass some of these cost along. Overall rate return on the project still looks very good, its in the mid-teens, so and hopefully as we continue to sign up volume, we will increase the fees that we collect from producers even more.
Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital: Okay great. And then one question on your commodity assumption on the guidance is that under that commodity price scenario do you have ethane rejections based on some of your systems?
Terry Spencer: No, we do not have any ethane rejection in that number. We are considering we are going to recover ethane.
Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just final clarification on Jim's comment, I guess. Gathering values being down 3%, processing volume up 2% was that for 2010?
Jim Kneale: Yes, this is Jim. Again I emphasize, our current view, looking at the economy, the drilling and everything is yes, it was the gathered volumes would be down about 3% and processed volumes would be up about two.
Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital: Okay, for 2010
Jim Kneale: Yes, ma'am.
Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital: And what is driving the processing volume being up despite gathering volume being down, is it just the kind of gas you will be getting being more rich or?
Jim Kneale: Yes, its two things. Our gathered volumes include volumes we gather in the Powder River from coal bed, methane wells that you don't process. So it is some of our lowest margin gas, but then in gas that we process, primarily from Bakken wells that are being drilled that are primarily crude oil and the casing head that comes off, there is a very rich, there is a lot of drilling going on in that area and our Grasslands plant area and then in Oklahoma in the Woodford Shale, which is rich gas that we process, they are actually adding rig. So that's creating the increase in the process volumes although the gathered volumes projected to be down.
Helen Rio -- Barclays Capital: Okay. This is very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cerasoli from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Cerasoli -- Goldman Sachs: Hi, just had a curiosity what was the driving force by adding board members?
John Gibson: You are talking about ONEOK or ONEOK Partners?
Michael Cerasoli -- Goldman Sachs: Both.
John Gibson: The driving force behind both additions to board members is to continue to improve and enhance the board membership. And the knowledge that they bring not to repeat each individual's capabilities and experience. But I think when you look at both boards, and their relative additions, we see a lot of industry expertise and financial expertise being added to the both boards. At the ONEOK level, we had a retirement; we reduced the size of the board by one. And the governance committee in anticipation of that reduction and replacement started looking for someone they felt like could add considerable value to the ONEOK board and they found someone who had served on the ONEOK Partners board who had tremendous financial background and capability. And felt like that was a good addition which is Gerald Smith and then when you look at the additions to the ONEOK Partners board members don't have to read very long to understand that the four people added to that board have tremendous experience in the mid stream business.
Michael Cerasoli -- Goldman Sachs: Fair enough, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Tysseland with Citigroup.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Hi, guys. Just a quick couple of questions. One thing I have been hearing from some of the Gulf Coast fractionators is that they are running at much full capacity and seeing positive pricing power. I just wanted to know if you are seeing a similar dynamic in terms of utilization dynamics and pricing power in the mid-continent fractionation market.
John Gibson: Well, I won't speak the pricing power but I will say yes, it's tight, capacity is tight. And as is typically the case in that business, you look across the supply and demands of fractionation capacity, you have some capability creep, like you do in the refining business. But at some point in time you got to put in a new fractionator. When you do its not a little one, its got to be a big one and you got to be willing to make the investment. As soon as it goes in it reduces the value, relative value of all remaining capacity as you know. So there is a lot of discussion here, there is a lot of discussion I'm sure in other shops about the need to add fractionation capacity in some point in time, but in this uncertain market we may work through this, we may swallow this and not need to add more fractionation capacity.
Terry Spencer: You pretty well covered it. In the mid comment like the Gulf Coast, we are seeing frac capacity, very, very tight. So just across the board, across the industry frac capacity is tight. So there is not an imbalance in terms of, we don't have like the Gulf Coast is tight, and mid-continent is slack, it's tight everywhere.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Does that increase the value, I guess of Arbuckle or how does that change the movements of NGLS between the two regions, mid-continent and gulf coast? How do you see that going to forward?
Terry Spencer: The tight frac capacity is probably not going to change the movement because the market is going to effect the movement. And right now the incremental market is in the Gulf Coast. So that traditionally, product is going to want to flows out. And one of the things that the advantage to Arbuckle, obviously it is access to the Gulf Coast and one of the things that is driving, as Jim indicated in his comments, one of the things driving the Arbuckle growth is of course the pricing advantage that producers see in the gulf relative to the mid continent.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: If you look at that, does that change at all the base differentials and comps of big continent NGLs and gulf coast NGLs that you guys benefit from?
Terry Spencer: It could have impact on it. Right now our view is that it is not going to be much.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Thanks guys, appreciate it.
John Gibson: Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Lafar [ph] with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lafar -- Wells Fargo: Good morning, guys.
John Gibson: Hello, Jonathan.
Jonathan Lafar -- Wells Fargo: Just one quick question. Most of my questions are answered. In terms of Energy Services, you are moving from 80 Bcf leased storage capacity to 65 Bcf by the end of 2011. How should we think about that impacting the earnings potential over that time period? It will ultimately limit the upside there or will there be enough margin left that we could still see a nice growth in that segment?
John Gibson: Well, one of the things that we are attempting to do is reduce some of the uncertainty associated with the earnings from Energy Services and better connect our transport and storage space to our core business which is serving LDC. So, that's why you are seeing the reduction over time. And the reduction over time will in effect remove the opportunity for optimization or being open or capturing significant upside on transporter storage basis. So, I mean, yes, you do give up some upside but as I mentioned earlier you also reduce downside. Jim, is there something?
Jim Kneale: I agree with that. And John, I think one of the things we are working on, well two things, as we reduce that capacity it also reduces our cost. So don't think of it in just pure margin that is leaving. But the other thing is as we restructured this business as we move in towards this right now projected 65 Bcf a capacity we also are working on a model for this business. And I call it simplified model because it is a very complex business. One doesn't give away our competitive advantage and something that we are targeting to try to roll out at our October 6 investor day.  And it is a model much like we have for the G&P business on the website that will in some way create a baseline for this business and then show you what can move the needle and you can make your own pricing assumptions as to where it goes. But without a doubt as we scale this back I just can't imagine where we would have the $200 million, $230 million of operating income because we scaled the business back. But what we are trying to do is, as John said, make it more steady, more predicable, still have some fluctuation in it because of the market. But it should be much more predictable and you will hopefully with this model will be able to understand it better too.
Jonathan Lafar -- Wells Fargo: Thanks and I appreciate that and just one follow up. In terms of 2010, is there any ability to start hedging at Energy Services today or is not liquid enough at this point?
John Gibson: I think we have been, (inaudible).
Jim Kneale: Jon, you might have missed it, but we have got about two-thirds of our transport capacity already hedged for next year. Almost 100% of our storage margins are hedged in the first quarter and we are lagging into later in the year.
Jonathan Lafar -- Wells Fargo: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salmon Acah [ph] with Stifel Nicolaus.
Salmon Acah -- Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Just one quick question. As it relates to the growing capacity at Overland Pass, how much of that is third party volumes?
John Gibson: When you say third party, I am assuming you are meaning nonONEOK?
Salmon Acah -- Stifel Nicolaus: Correct.
John Gibson: It is all nonONEOK. None of it comes from any ONEOK processing plants.
Salmon Acah -- Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: Hi, guys.
John Gibson: Hello, Ross.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: First question is OKE is generating a significant amount of free cash flow here, you mentioned, it could purchase additional (inaudible) look to that as the potential back stop, in the events that you have acquisitions down the road and you need to beef up the balance sheet somewhat?
John Gibson: I will be honestly I didnt hear all that question. Would you mind terribly repeating that?
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: ONEOK is generating significant amount of free cash flow right now. And in the event that OKE has does acquisitions down the road and need some help with the balance sheet to achieve that can we look to the free cash flow of OKE is, as a potential back stop for equity injection at ONEOK
John Gibson: Another way of, but another way of saying is that an investment in ONEOK Partners by ONEOK continues to be an attractive investment. In other way of saying the same thing.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: Okay. Second of all, some group assets are still out there. Is there much interest from your institution looking at some of those assets?
John Gibson: Are you referring to the private company or the public company?
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: The private.
John Gibson: The private company.
John Gibson: I think it is fair to say that we are not actively looking at assets.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: Okay.
John Gibson: From Zen group.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: Okay. Fine. And last, if you could give us the availability on the lines of credit, both at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners.
Curtis Dinan: I mentioned in my remarks that at the end of July ONEOK Partners had about 325 million outstanding under its billion dollar revolver and then at the ONEOK level, at the end of July, borrowings were 100, 300 million. That was all in the form of commercial paper but is back stopped by the $2 billion revolver that ONEOK carries.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: Okay. And I assume there are not many lines of credit that would constrict that availability?
Curtis Dinan: At the partnership, there is a slight amount but nothing of any significance.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: Okay. And at quarter end, is that in the press release somewhere? I might have missed that.
John Gibson: What was the question?
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: You just gave availability I guess for July.
Curtis Dinan: Yes, for the updates.
John Gibson: Better position in the end of the quarter.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: I might have missed that in the press release is that in there? Quarter end availability?
Curtis Dinan: Well, the amount is outstanding, yes, in the press release.
Ross Payne -- Wells Fargo: All right. Then I will back that out then. Okay. Thanks so much. I just was curious on the LC side.
John Gibson: You're welcome, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wrightman [ph] with Estimates Capital [ph].
Mark Wrightman -- Estimates Capital: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered. But I thought I would just follow up on your investment in northern border, if you could just address the outlook and what you see as the growth drivers I know the Bison pipeline was scheduled to go in to service November 15, 2010, but also just how you view that investment?
Jim Kneale: We own 50%. We like every asset we own. We are always constantly trying to understand what our value is. No different than any other asset that we own. But we have no plans at this point in time of increasing or decreasing which I guess is an indication that we are satisfied with its current earnings capability as well as its future earnings capability.
John Gibson: Pierce?
Pierce Norton: Now, as I mentioned before, the fact that the Bison pipeline has been upsize to 30-inch pipeline, will bring the opportunity for a significant amount more volume to that pipe and our strategy was to get more than one supply basin connected.
Mark Wrightman -- Estimates Capital: Okay. And what about the competitive situation? With other pipeline expansions, I mean, are things unfolding as you expected or are there any changes in the market dynamics as a result of what some of the other competitors are doing.
Pierce Norton: We actually like our competitive situation there. And again it is all predicated on what's happening with Bison. Because if you can imagine. One of lag competition is to come basically out the Rockies into some other markets that northern border has but by Bison being upside as the way it is, it is already have to wait to the Rockies so that allowed it to expand at a lesser capital cost into the Rockies and much more competitively than anybody else could do that. So we actually are pretty pleased with the competitive position in northern border going forth.
Mark Wrightman -- Estimates Capital: Okay, thank you, that's helpful.
Jim Kneale:
Operator: Our next question comes from John Tysseland with Citigroup.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Hi, guys. Sorry about that. I have one quick follow up question regarding your fractionation capacity. What is the current contract structure regarding most of your capacity there around the fractionation assets, is it long term or is it something more along the lines of first come, first serve?. All of that is correct. Actually lot of it is first come, first serve. Some of the contracts are shorter term in nature like a year. Some are much longer term as long as 10 years. But the primary predominant contract structures are fee based, fee based type of charge with the fuel and power gesture.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: If you were to say, since it is such a mix of long-term and first come first serve, if you were to say what amount of your capacity is on that kind of first come, first serve, versus long term?
Jim Kneale: I don't feel real comfortable giving you those numbers and actually probably don't have those numbers with me, but even if I had them, I wouldn't tell you.
John Tysseland  Citigroup: Alright. But is it fair to say that there is a fair amount that still more or less as it gets there it goes through your fractionators.
Jim Kneale: That's correct.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, thank you all. This concludes our ONEOK and ONEOK Partners call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the third quarter will start when we close our books in early October and will extend until our earnings are released. We will provide a reporting date and conference call information at a later date. A couple of real quick announcements. Jim already mentioned this. But the annual ONEOK, ONEOK Partners investor day is scheduled for Tuesday, August 6th at the New York Hillton, save the date notice went out to many of you last week and we will be following up with additional information specifically times and meeting room locations in the next month or so. And finally, Christy Williamson who has been our Investor Relations Manager for the last two and half years has been promoted to direct our corporate planning, Andrew Ziola, who has been our Manager of Finance, Planning will succeed Christy as Manager of Investor Relations. Best wishes and many thanks to Christy for her contributions and welcome to Andrew. These changes are going to be taking effect next week. Christy and I will be available throughout the day for any follow up questions. So thanks for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - VP, IR John Gibson - CEO Curtis Dinan - CFO Jim Kneale - President & COO Terry Spencer - EVP
Analysts: Michael Blum - Wachovia Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Ross Payne - Wachovia
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ONEOK First Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning and welcome everyone. A reminder that any statements that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements and are covered by the Safe Harbor Provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. Please note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. For discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to Securities and Exchange Commission filings. And now let me turn the call over to John Gibson, ONEOK's CEO and ONEOK Partners Chairman and CEO. John?
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning everyone and many thanks for joining us today, and also for your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Here with us today on the phone call are Jim Kneale, President and Chief Operating Officer for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; and Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both, ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; and Terry Spencer, our Executive Vice President, who is responsible for the partnership's Natural Gas Liquids businesses and ONEOK synergy services segment. He will also be available during the question-and-answer period. Both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners had strong first quarters. Based on this performance and what we currently see and foresee in the marketplace, we are reaffirming our 2009 earnings guidance for both entities and keeping the ranges at their current levels. While expected results from some of the individual business segments may move around a bit, the total expected results have not materially changed. In keeping with our practice as the year progresses and as we develop a clear view of the industry and the economic environment, we will make the necessary adjustments and narrow the ranges. ONEOK Partners had a strong first quarter, particularly given the challenges created by a lower commodity price environment. NGL volume growth and Overland Pass Pipeline being fully operational benefited the natural gas liquids businesses. We also experienced higher volumes processed and sold, and the natural gas gathering and processing segment. As expected however, lower commodity prices affected the natural gas gathering and processing segment. And narrower NGL product price spreads between Conway, Kansas and Mont Belvieu, Texas resulted in lower earnings in the natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation business. The distribution segment had an exceptional quarter benefiting from the implementation of new rates and lower operating cost, primarily from reduced bad debt expenses. Energy Services had a good quarter. Although results were less than last years first quarter, the segment still achieved a solid performance and was ahead of our expectations. In a moment Jim will update you on the status of our restructuring efforts in this segment, and its positive implications going forward. During the quarter, we also took steps to improve the financial flexibility and liquidity of ONEOK Partners and ONEOK. At ONEOK Partners, we issued $500 million of long-term debt at favorable terms which allowed us to reset our $1 billion revolving credit facility. That's being used to complete the remaining projects in our growth program. At ONEOK, we repaid $950 million of debt during the quarter, and Curtis will discuss that with you in more detail in just a moment. So between $185 million and $235 million of expected free cash flow for the year, coupled with our revolver capacity, ONEOK has a lot of financial flexibility and excellent liquidity. While we held ONEOK's first quarter dividend at its current $0.40 level, we will be evaluating an increase later this year, absent additional erosion in the financial and commodity markets. And although the partnership has no distribution increases factored into its 2009 guidance, we will continue to closely monitor industry and economic conditions, as well as our own sustained operating performance to gauge the appropriateness of a distribution increase later this year. So now let's just take a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners. Curtis Dinan will now review the financial highlights. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. In the first quarter, ONEOK Partners reported net income of $100 million or $0.85 per unit, lower than last years first quarter net income of $145 million or $1.48 per unit. The decline reflects the impact of lower commodity prices and natural gas gathering and processing, and narrower NGL product price differentials and natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation, which more than offset the volume increases experienced by both segments. Distributable cash flow in the first quarter was lower by $24 million but more than adequate to cover a $1.08 per unit first quarter distribution and maintain a 1.14 times coverage ratio which is at the upper end of our target. As John indicated earlier, we expect to maintain our distribution at least at its current level but are closely monitoring the industry and economic environment, and our own performance and could increase it if conditions warrant. As you know, the partnership's natural gas gathering and processing segment has the most sensitivity to commodity prices. To mitigate the sensitivity we increased our hedges on expected production during the quarter to lock-in margins. For the remainder of 2009, we have hedged almost 70% of our expected NGL and condensate production at an average price of $1.29 per gallon and 45% of our expected natural gas production at $4.20 per MMBtu. For 2010, we have 6% of our expected NGL and condensate production hedged at an average price of $1.54 per gallon, and almost 40% of our expected natural gas production hedged at $5.71 per MMBtu. As we have previously indicated, the partnership's planned 2009 capital expenditures are significantly lower than they were last year. They are currently estimated at $439 million which includes $378 million for growth and $61 million for maintenance. Through the first quarter we invested approximately $190 million which includes a little over $180 million for growth and less than $10 million for maintenance leaving approximately $250 million in our capital program for 2009. At the end of the first quarter the partnership had more than $560 million in capacity under its $1 billion revolving credit agreement which does not expire until 2012. As we have termed out, some of our growth capital financing through the completion of a $500 million 10-year debt offering in March. Our credit metrics fall well within the covenants established in our debt agreements. We expect those metrics to continue to improve as earnings from the growth projects ramp up this year into next. The partnership has no long-term debt due this year with $250 million due in June of next year, and another $225 million due in 2011. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Okay. Now Jim Kneale, President and Chief Operating Officer will discuss the partnerships operating performance.
Jim Kneale:  Thank you, John and good morning. Let's start with our natural gas businesses. The natural gas gathering and processing segment had a good quarter, although it was lower than 2008s record performance. The down turning commodity pricing that began in 2008 has continued into 2009. As a result, our realized prices for NGL, the natural gas in the first quarter were about half of what they were in the same period of 2008. The significantly lower prices were the driver of the decreases in operating income as compared with 2008. However, first quarter results exceeded the results we achieved in the same period in 2007 and operating cost were below last years levels. As Curtis discussed, during the first quarter we placed additional hedges on our expected production for both, 2009 and 2010. And we will continue to seek opportunities to take more price risk off the table as conditions warm. Volumes of natural gas gathered were down slightly from the first quarter of 2008 but were actually up somewhat from the fourth quarter of 2008. Processed volumes increased about 5% from last year and increased slightly over the last quarter. Overall, volumes are holding steady. If you recall, our guidance forecast them to be about 2% lower than last year. Even though we are seeing some impacts of reduced drilling in our areas of operation, our initial production rates on wells that are being completed in certain areas appear to be coming on at higher rate. Last years record drilling pace created a larger than normal backlog of well connects, particularly in the Williston Basin which we have been working off. Through the first quarter, we have connected about 12% fewer wells than we did in the first quarter of last year and our backlog has returned to more normal levels. In the Mid-Continent, we are seeing pockets of continued active drilling particularly in the Woodford Shale play in Oklahoma, which helps offset declines we are seeing elsewhere in Oklahoma and Kansas. In the Williston basin, some areas accessible to out gathering system are still very active even though total rig counts have dropped from last years high. In the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, where we gather natural gas from coal bed methane wells, rig counts have dropped and the dewatering and reworking of the existing wells has slowed due to low natural gas prices. Although this impacts part of our gathering assets in the area, as well as our investments in Bighorn and Fort Union, we generally do not process this gas, so it is some of our lowest margin gas. Now moving to our natural gas pipeline segment; first quarter operating income increased slightly as compared with the same period in 2008. The Guardian Pipeline expansion and extension began full operations at the end of February giving us one month of income during the quarter. This increase was partially offset by the impact of lower natural gas prices on our net retained fuel position. The Guardian Pipeline expansion is estimated to cost approximately $325 million, an increase of about 6.5% from our last estimate, which primarily due to weather and equipment delivery delays. This additional capacity is approximately 93% subscribed for a term of 15 years. To date, we have not seen any drop-off on re-contracting of our existing capacity on our owned pipelines and actually have seen an increase in subscribed capacity as a result of the open season on Midwestern as a part of the Rex Midwestern interconnect.  Now looking at our natural gas liquid businesses, the natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation segment performed better than expected this quarter even though results were lower than the record set in 2008. The decrease came from lower realized NGL product price differentials, primarily between Conway and Mont Belvieu and [increment] NGL price movement that affected our marketing margins. However, increased volumes from new supply connections and from Overland Pass Pipeline partially offset those declines. NGLs gathered increased 6% over the same period last year as a result of the new supply connections, while NGLs fractionated were up almost 20% or 74,000 barrels per day. You will recall our expanded fractionation facility at Bushton came online with Overland Pass and is currently fractionating almost 100,000 barrels per day. Now looking at our natural gas liquids pipeline segment, operating income was up more then 60% as compared with 2008's first quarter. NGLs gathered were up more than 75% or 71,000 barrels per day compared with the first quarter of 2008 and NGLs distributed increase 47% or 142,000 barrels per day. The main reason for these increases is Overland Pass Pipeline and additional volumes from supply connections made during 2008. Overland Pass is currently flowing approximately 62,000 barrels per day and is still expected to flow approximately 140,000 barrels per day by the end of the third quarter. On the North System, in the first quarter we saw increased propane shipments into Chicago area due to cold weather as well as volume growth to serve the diluent markets. Looking at some of our ongoing projects, construction was completed on the D-J Basin Lateral Pipeline and production from the dedicated processing plans connected to D-J is beginning to come online and several processing plans on the south end of the line are completing installation of pump equipment. By the end of the second quarter, we expect to be flowing more than 30,000 barrels per day. We expect final cost to be at the low end of our estimate of $70 million to $80 million. As planned, construction has not yet resumed on the Piceance Basin Lateral Pipeline due to big game winner restrictions. We still plan to complete this lateral in the third quarter and it is expected to initially flow approximately 37,000 barrels per day. Construction also continues on the 440 mile Arbuckle Pipeline through the Barnett Shale, down to the Gulf Coast. We still estimate that cost will be in the range of $395 million to $415 million. We have about 73% of the pipe in the ground and expect to complete the pipeline in the second quarter. Initial flow is expected to be in excess of 60,000 barrels per day and we have sufficient commitments in place to fill the pipelines expanded capacity of 210,000 barrels per day in the next three to five years. Last, I would like to update you on changes in the petrochemical demand. While some petrochemical plants have recently restarted, the overall outlook for US and international demand remains weak. However we are seeing some stabilization in demand, as ethane continues to be the preferred feedstock in the current environment. Our volumes sold to petrochemical plants continued to increase and while ethane inventories remain high, we experienced very little ethane rejection during the first quarter. We still have some ethane rejection built into our guidance for the remainder of 2009. Extraction of propane and heavier products by processors remain economic in the current natural gas price environment. Propane inventories are also at historic high levels and we believe petrochemical demand for propane will be weak relative to ethane. So some downside pressure on propane prices is likely as we move out of the winner. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Jim. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Curtis to review ONEOK's first quarter financial performance. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the first quarter was $122 million or $1.16 per diluted share, compared with $144 million or $1.36 per diluted share in the same period last year. Lower commodity prices and narrower NGL product price spreads reduced the ONEOK Partners segment earnings. The distribution segment was up slightly, and while energy services results were lower than the first quarter a year ago, its performance was ahead of our expectations for the quarter. ONEOK's first quarter standalone free cash flow before changes at working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by almost $100 million. We continue to forecast standalone free cash flow to be in the range of $185 million to $235 million for 2009. This free cash flow continues to provide a significant financial flexibility and liquidity with opportunities to increase future dividends, increase our investment in ONEOK Partners or for acquisitions. By virtue of ONEOK's general partner interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $69 million in distributions from the partnership in the first quarter, almost a 27% increase from the same period in 2008. At the partnership's current distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately $275 million in distributions in 2009, an increase of 9% over 2008. ONEOK's liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the first quarter and on a standalone basis, we have $550 million outstanding on our $1.2 billion revolver that does not expire until 2011, $75 million in cash and cash equivalents, and almost $300 million of natural gas in storage. We did not expect our short-term borrowings to exceed $850 million for the rest of the year. As John mentioned, we reduced our total debt by $950 million during the quarter from cash on-hand, cash from operations and lower working capital levels as we sold natural gas from storage during this past heating season. Included in this reduction is the repayment of the $400 million, 364-day revolving credit agreement we took out last summer. We did not anticipate securing a similar revolver in 2009 given lower anticipated commodity prices, reduced storage capacity in our energy services segment, and more than adequate liquidity to handle our working capital needs. We also repaid $100 million of long-term debt in February. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011 when $400 million comes due. As a result of these actions during the quarter, our current standalone long-term debt-to-equity is 41% and our standalone total debt-to-equity is reduced to 49% from 59% at the end of 2008. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks you, Curtis. Now, Jim Kneale will review ONEOK's operating performance. Jim?
Jim Kneale: Thanks, John. I've already talked about ONEOK Partners segment, so I'll start with energy services. We had a solid first quarter. Although transportation and storage margins were below 2008 first quarter due to lower Mid-Continent-to-Gulf Coast transportation margins and lower summer to winter storage spreads, the quarter's results did exceed our expectations. We previously indicated that we are adjusting our overall energy services strategy to reduce earnings volatility and increase predictability. As part of that process, we are actively reducing our storage capacity under contract to focus more effectively on storage assets that we believe are core to our demand service business, serving primarily LDC. While we ended the first quarter with storage capacity unchanged at 91 Bcf, some leases rolled off in April leading us with 83 Bcf under lease beginning May 1st. We are targeting to reduce our storage capacity to 65 Bcf during the first half of next year. At that level we can continue to serve our current demand customers and still have capacity to add additional customers. Since we have additional storage capacity under lease until next year, we are filling some of that capacity to take advantage of strong summer to winter spreads putting hedges on that capacity, and we'll use this gas to serve a portion of our base load business during the upcoming winter. These additional margins will primarily be recognized in the first quarter of 2010. Our natural gas and storage at the end of the quarter was about 45 Bcf, up from last year's 15 Bcf. The higher level is partially due to warmer than normal weather that affected demand in the first quarter. We also made the decision to buy flowing gas to serve some of our customers needs. As a result, we were able to sell gas in storage forward to next winter and lock-in higher margins to our hedging program. Our energy services 2009 earnings guidance is $115 million of operating income. We have more than 80% of those margins locked-in for the year on both transportations and storage differentials, and are confident in our ability to achieve the 2009 guidance. As I said earlier, seasonal storage spreads are strong. If this continues, it should present opportunities for us to optimize our storage assets and generate additional margins in 2009. Now let's talk about the distribution segment. First quarter earnings were strong in spite of weather that was warmer than last year and warmer than normal. Operating cost in the first quarter were lower than last year due to lower employee related expenses and reduced bad debt expense as a result of lower commodity cost, better collection results and the impact of the new recovery mechanism in Oklahoma that allows us to recover the fuel related portion of our bad debts. Our rate base has grown the capital investment by approximately 7% as compared to the first quarter a year ago. Because of capital recovery mechanisms in many of our jurisdictions, we have been able to begin earning on much of that growth. In Texas, recent rate activities include filings in the Houston area for $3.6 million and in the Rio Grande Valley for $3.7 million, as well as cost of service adjustments in two of our smaller Texas jurisdictions and new rates in our Permian service area. In Kansas, Commission staff recently recommended the utilities be permitted to differ pensions and other post-employment benefits expense that are different from those recovered in rates, and that the external funding be required for an amount equal to the cost recovered from rate payers. All interested parties are providing comments, and we are cautiously optimistic that a tracker mechanism will be approved, providing an opportunity to collect all cost changes related to pension and other post-employment benefits in our Kansas distribution division. In Oklahoma, our incentive-based rate proposal was endorsed by the administrative law judge following a hearing on April 23. We anticipate approval of the final order by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission soon. As a result, our intend is to a file a full rate case application under this new rate structure in Oklahoma during June with new rates being effective January 2010. As proposed, this new rate mechanism creates a 150 basis point earnings band around a return on equity, or 75 basis points on either side of a mid-point target. If our return falls below the bottom of that band, rates would be adjusted upward. If our return exceeds the top of the band, there would be a revenue sharing requirement with three-fourths of any excess above the top of the band would be refunded to our customers. The company would retain the other 25% as an earnings incentive. We appreciate the collaboration of the Commission step on this joint application and the willingness of the commission to consider new and innovative rate mechanisms that promote utility infrastructure investment. Looking forward, we will continue to improve our distribution returns through innovative rate solutions, cost control and efficiencies. We are also monitoring the potential impact of federal stimulus money for energy efficiency or conservation programs in our three states. Energy efficiency efforts are accelerating in Kansas and Oklahoma. Our position is that energy efficiency or conservation programs should be done in concert with revenue decoupling. This is in keeping with our strategy to reduce volumetric exposure in our rates. John, that concludes my remark.
John Gibson: Thanks Jim. As you've heard, we're performing well in a very challenging industry and an economic environment with excellent liquidity and financial flexibility. ONEOK as a significant owner and general partner remains very supportive of ONEOK Partners, not only because it's a significant contributor to ONEOK's cash flow but also because we continue to believe, it is a very attractive long-term investment. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Geoff Sands to the ONEOK team. Geoff's appointment as Vice President, Environmental Safety and Health reflects our commitment to our employees and communities in further improving our environmental safety and health program and performance. Geoff has been on the job for almost a month, and his leadership is already making a difference. I'd also like to thank our employees for their commitment and their contributions which are enabling us to create value for our customers and investors by completing the remaining growth projects and indentifying new ones, growing volumes, satisfying customers, managing risk and reducing expenses. My thanks to all of them for the contributions. At this time, we are happy to try to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Michael Blum of Wachovia. Your line is open sir.
Michael Blum - Wachovia: Couple of quick questions, one, Jim I appreciated your commentary on the petrochem market. I guess I was looking for the conclusion meaning, what does that mean for your NGL pipeline volumes for the rest of '09? How do you see that being impacted?
Jim Kneale: Michael, I had a comment in there, maybe I wasn't real clear. We have actually seen our volumes in our sales to petrochemical company's increase, partially because some have come back online but also the customers we were selling to were actually selling them a larger portion of their supply right now. So for our system and our pipelines, we're fairly positive on that flow of ethane to those petrochemical companies.
John Gibson: The other thing I would add is that Terry and his people have been very successful in building direct sales to the petrochems which has also contributed to our increased volumes. So, perhaps the main balance hasn't changed but our share of the market has. Anything you'd like to add Terry?
Terry Spencer: Yeah. Mike, this is Terry. If you look at [peak doc] numbers, and you compare March actuals to February, that's up actually 20% which is kind of surprising when you consider the economic environment that we're in. As we've communicated with the petchems directly, we continue to get strong orders and so the view from the petchems going forward and on into the summer is their continued strong orders. You're looking at 765,000 barrels a day of ethane feed being consumed in April which is really surprising considering the environment. So the economic fundamentals are week, the actual performance of the petchems has being relatively strong which has been surprising.
Michael Blum - Wachovia:  You don't see your projection of perhaps lower demand for propane? I guess that will not offset the increasing demand for ethane, net-net it will be up.
Jim Kneale:  Yes, net-net it will be up.
Michael Blum - Wachovia: The second question was just on the hedges for 2010. I just wanted to clarify, are those new hedges you've put in place since your last report?
Jim Kneale: Short answer is yes.
Michael Blum - Wachovia: So then that backs the question. It's a small number but on the NGL hedges, that would appear to be at above market price based on the strips. So I'm just curious, what's going on there? Did you pay upfront something to get those or am I missing something?
Jim Kneale: Again, using John's word the shorter answer is no. We don't pay anything upfront, we just have a group that watches those prices and it's in market daily. And as you see crude oil spike at different points in times, sometimes those prices run up with it and we're able to take advantage of those moves in the market.
Michael Blum - Wachovia: What's the plan in terms of increasing your hedges for 2010?
John Gibson: I think we are going to continue to be opportunistic as we have been in this year for 2009, as well as 2010. So we'll stay after that which has worked well for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Helen Riel] from Barclays Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Going back to the hedge table, if I do the calculation it seems like your 2010 equity NGL volume appears to be down about 13% versus 2009 and condensate volume up 5%. So I'm just wondering what's driving that. Is it if you have lower volume projection for 2010 versus 2009, then that could drive down your NGL equity volume assumption? Just wanted to understand the condensate side as well, if you could explain that?
Jim Kneale: I guess I haven't done that calculation. I know we are projecting that type of scenario. At this moment I don't have an answer.
Unidentified Analyst: So you are not projecting your equity NGL volumes to be down 2010 versus 2009?
Jim Kneale: No.
Unidentified Analyst: I was just playing with the numbers and coming with that conclusion.
Jim Kneale: We'd be happy too if you would point us to the numbers. We'd happy just try to explain that a bit further and with more clarity.
Unidentified Analyst: We could take it offline, but I was just closing up your NGL volume hedged versus what percentage volume that is and what's the gross number implies. Basically, I'm getting 8,600 of barrels per day on NGL in 2009, and getting 7,500 in 2010, so that implies a bit of drop there.
John Gibson: We got it. We have a guest. We'll be glad to take it offline and provide more detail to you or anyone else that we have confused. Jim you want to?
Jim Kneale: Helen, what I think it maybe is, we hedged specific products and sometimes not all the products because the market isn't there. So, it could be just mathematically how we're, as what portion of what product is hedged for next year, and its making it look like there's a volume drop.
John Gibson: For example, we have more barrels of ethane in our barrel, our composite barrel and that may be part of it.
Unidentified Analyst: You mentioned that your volume guidance for 2009 was 2% down. Is that still a good assumption that you're using, given there is some announcement of Chesapeake's volume shut in and overall Mid-Continent seen some drilling activity slow down.
John Gibson: Yes. We still think that's a good number. Our first quarter, our volumes as we talked about the process volumes were actually up and our gathered volumes were down a little bit but they were our lower margin gallons. We still have a backlog of well connect. The comment I made about wells being completed are coming in at higher rates. It appears producers are high-grading the wells they drilling. In some of our areas, we are getting feedback from producers that they are restarting drilling efforts. So with all of those factors we think our 2% projection is still pretty much in the ballpark as we get through the end of this year, but time will tell. 
Unidentified Analyst: Finally, just to clarify, there was no ethane rejection throughout the quarter and up to now?
Jim Kneale: If I remember correctly, there was a little bit in January. Early January, but thats all we saw in the areas where we operate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carl Kirst of BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Just a couple of OKE questions if I could, on the LDC side. Curtis, can you say, I know we're potentially looking at the pension tracker. I mean, if that would happen, what have we seen perhaps in the first quarter as far as incremental pension expense. Just trying to get a sense of what that could mean magnitude-wise?
Jim Kneale: If we were to have to that for all of this year, it would be about $2 million in Kansas.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: With respect to the Oklahoma, when you guys are looking at potentially filing in June, this is basically just a rate structure change, correct? So its not necessarily changing, you're not necessarily asking for incremental revenue, it's just more having the ability to actually have the sharing. Is that correct? 
Jim Kneale: I guess the way I would characterize that is that basically correct. Because we'll be using a test year, there's probably potentially some small slight improvement in the margin, but its not very large and I mean thats on purpose because of all these trackers we've put in place and weather normalization and capital recovery. Our goal is to avoid large rate cases. So, I wouldnt expect much of a margin increase off the bat in this year, but in 2010 there could be some uplift.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Thats helpful. While we are looking at changing the regulatory structure, is it potentially something to ask for as far as decoupled rates, or is that something that would just be clouding the sharing mechanism at this point?
Jim Kneale: At this point, we think it would cloud it, but we'll see how it develops, because this is designed, like I said, to create a band. So as we invest more capital, but yet are efficient in our cost structure, we can keep earnings in a band and avoid large rate cases and things like that.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Fair enough. Lastly on the energy services side, and understanding there is a lot of moving parts here and not to parse the words too much. I think Jim, your comments were perhaps now over 80% of the gross margin was locked down. If I recall correctly, did you guys, say for instance, when you issued the 115 million of guidance, did that include a financial trading aspect to it?
Jim Kneale: No, it didn't.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay. So between the financial trading benefit that we got in the first quarter or maybe just generally thinking that things came in a little bit better in the first quarter, it is something where the overall confidence in the $115 million, certainly over the last three months has done nothing but go up. Correct?
Jim Kneale: That's correct. The $115 million guidance that we have this high level of confidence in excludes any financial trading.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything.
Jim Kneale: I'm glad you raised that issue because that's the point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rebecca Followill of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open. 
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:  Question for you Jim on the LDC and I apologize I came in late just as you were talking about the rate case. So, you're looking at filing a rate case in Oklahoma with a 75 basis point band on either side, so if you under earn you can recover. Can you walk us through what you're earning right now? And if you were to earn at the bottom-end of the theoretical band, what the delta would mean to you? Do you understand what I'm asking?
Jim Kneale: I understand what you're asking and I'm thinking of this. I know that for all three LDC's we're under earning about $15 million compared to our lab returns. And in Oklahoma the real answer is I haven't seen, I know what you're asking but I haven't seen that calculation. I think I don't know.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:  I'll just follow-up with you guys afterwards if you would mind trying to figure out how much of that is due to Oklahoma? That would be great.
Jim Kneale: Okay.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: That's all I need, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ross Payne of Wachovia.
Ross Payne - Wachovia: My questions have been answered, but very nice quarter, thanks.
John Gibson: Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our next question is from [Lewis Shammy] of Zimmer Lucas.
Unidentified Analyst: Just had a quick question on your gas and storage, so 45 Bcf is in storage that's attributable to energy services and then you have another portion, may be like half of that attributable to the LDCs?
Jim Kneale: That's correct. There is about 10 Bcf that the utilities have in the storage.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And 45 is energy services?
Jim Kneale:  Yes.
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. In terms of the [TMP] side, what's the contract breakout for this past quarter in terms of keep-whole, POP fee?
Jim Kneale: Meaning, in terms of margin or volume?
Unidentified Analyst: In terms of volume.
Jim Kneale: It's just about the first quarter, it's about 30% POP, 5% keep-whole, and 65% fee. 
Operator: At the moment I have no other questions in queue. (Operator Instructions). I'm showing no further questions from the phone lines.
John Gibson: Okay. Thank you. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners conference call. As a reminder our quite period for the second quarter will start when we close our books in early July, and will extend until our earnings are released. We'll provide a reporting date and conference call information for the second quarter at a later date. Christy Williamson and I will be available throughout the day for follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison  VP, IR and Public Affairs John Gibson  CEO Curtis Dinan  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Jim Kneale  President and COO Terry Spencer  EVP Pierce Norton  EVP
Analysts: Michael Blum  Wachovia Kent Green  Boston American Asset Management Ganesh [ph]  Citigroup Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering Alex Meyer [ph]  DLB [ph] Lewis Shammy  Zimmer Lucas Sam Brothwell  Wachovia
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners fourth quarter earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator instructions). This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn to todays conference Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Dan Harrison: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. As we begin this morning's conference call, I remind you that any statements that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, which are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. It's important to note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, John Gibson, who serves as CEO of ONEOK and Chairman and CEO of ONEOK Partners. John?
John Gibson: Thanks, Dan. Good morning. And many thanks for joining us today and for your continued investment and interest in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me today are Jim Kneale, President and Chief Operating Officer for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, and Terry Spencer and Pierce Norton who will be available during the question-and-answer period. As we sit here in late February, the fourth quarter in 2008 seem like old news in a distant memory. So I'd like to use last year's results to highlight what's going on today and what we see from today's perspective occurring in 2009. ONEOK and ONEOK Partners had exceptional years in 2008. Driven by unprecedented high commodity prices and wide natural gas liquids, product price differentials as well as volume growth in both the natural gas and natural gas liquids businesses. Fourth quarter results were affected as these prices dropped and differentials narrowed significantly. Our 2009 plans reflect much lower prices and more historical NGO product price differentials. With continued volume growth in the NGL business and a slight volume decline in the natural gas gathering and processing business. Our distribution segment had a record year, establishing another new level of sustainable earnings. We believe this will  this trend will continue in 2009. Benefiting from our strategy of filing smaller, more frequent rate cases, achieving operating efficiencies, and having in place in all three states innovative capital and bad debt recovery mechanisms. As we enter 2009, the value of our distribution segment has never been more evident providing consistent and stable cash flow and the backbone of our investment grade credit rating. Energy services performance was disappointing with better results expected in 2009. I'll provide an update of the status of our efforts to improve this business in a moment. I'll also discuss the earnings contributions from the partnerships $2 billion capital growth projects. And our ability to grow ONEOK Partners distributions and ONEOK's dividends. First, I'd like to provide you with an update on our efforts to reduce the earnings volatility providing more predictable earnings in our Energy Services segment. Last quarter, I indicated that we would take steps to reduce its earnings volatility and working capital needs. As a result, we will gradually, but significantly reduce our storage capacity during 2009 which will have a big impact on our working capital requirements. Curtis will discuss those working capital requirements in more detail later in his remarks. This reduction will also enable us to have more predictable earnings. Reducing a lot of the downside to earnings, but also limiting some of the upside that we have experienced in these past years. And we are currently evaluating our lease transportation capacity to determine what, if any, changes we should make. However, as Jim will discuss in a moment, we have hedged a significant portion of our transportation capacity for 2009, so we won't be making any big changes in the very near term. With these changes, we expect Energy Services to continue to provide our shareholders with attractive returns that are less volatile and more predictable without compromising or jeopardizing our commitment to provide our customers with responsive, dependable and valuable service. 2008 also marked the completion of the majority of ONEOK Partners growth projects with several more projects being completed in the first half of this year. While we experience some delays in cost escalation, dedicated volumes over the long-term will be higher than we anticipated. Continuing to provide us with attractive double-digit returns on these projects exceeding our original expectations. Unfortunately, we anticipate their 2009 benefits to be more than offset by the continued dramatic downturn experienced in the commodity markets and significantly lower NGL product price differentials, which resulted in lower 2009 earnings guidance when compared with 2008's record results. Let me provide you with a high level summary of the projects earnings contribution. In 2007, we estimated that the $2 billion of internal growth projects which included routine growth would generate between 125 million to 150 million in incremental EBITDA in 2008. And then another 100 million in 2009 to bring the total to more than 260 million in 2009. However, the construction delays we've experienced on some projects affected the timing of the earnings, but not the quality. In 2008, EBITDA from this growth capital was approximately 75 million. We currently estimate 2009 EBITDA from these projects to be approximately 230 million or 155 million in EBITDA over 2008's contribution. When these projects are completed and operating at their expected volume levels in 2011, we expect them to contribute in excess of $360 million in EBITDA. Finally, I'd like to address the partnerships distribution, which grew 7% last year and 35% since ONEOK became general partner in April of 2006. In January, we held the distribution flat for the fourth quarter at $1.08 per unit. We are forecasting it to stay at least at its current level until we have a better idea about the depth and length of the economic recession and where commodity prices will settle. Just as we did not think oil prices were sustainable last summer at the $150 per barrel level and consequently did not race our distributions to reflect those prices, we do not think oil prices are sustainable at the current level. This uncertainty in the economy, commodity prices, and in the capital markets has caused us to unapologetically assume a flat distribution in our 2009 guidance. Once we have a better handle on the situation, we will reevaluate that position. We continue to believe it is in the partnerships and our unit holders best interest to manage every dollar that comes in and goes out of the business. As you know, ONEOK is a general partner and is significant owner of the partnership and has a vested interest in the partnership increasing its distributions to unit holders since it affects ONEOK's earnings and cash flow, but we intend to continue making prudent decisions there in the long-term best interests of everyone. As Curtis will explain, ONEOK's free cash flow will be higher in 2009 providing us with opportunities to increase the ONEOK dividend as conditions warrant. As you know, we will review the dividend, we do review the dividend on a quarterly basis to ensure that over time, it will average between 50% and 55% of recurring earnings. So at this time, let's take a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners. Turn it over to Curtis who will provide you with some financial highlights. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Before I review the partnerships financial results, I'd like to provide an update on its liquidity position in 2009 capital expenditures. At December 31, the partnership had 178 million in cash and cash equivalents, and 130 million in capacity under its $1 billion revolving credit agreement which does not expire until 2012. These positions were substantially unchanged at the end of January and provide more than enough liquidity to fund our capital expenditures well into the year. However, we are continuing to watch the capital markets and will not hesitate to take advantage of opportunities if conditions warrant. It is also worth noting that the partnership does not have any long-term debt maturing until June 2010. The partnership's 2009 capital expenditures will be significantly lower than they were last year when we spent more than 1.2 billion of growth capital as part of our 2 billion growth program which is winding down this year. We estimate spending approximately 355 million of capital for growth and 70 million for maintenance in 2009. Our 2009 earnings guidance for the partnership is in the range of $3.15 to $3.75 per unit, reflecting significantly lower anticipated commodity prices and narrower NGL product price differential that we experienced in 2008, more than offsetting the earnings benefits from the growth projects that John referenced earlier. 2009 distributable cash flow is expected to be in the range of $490 million to $550 million, which assuming currently annualized distribution payout of $4.32 per unit results in a coverage ratio of 1.09 times well within our target range of 1.05 to 1.15. As John indicated earlier, we expect to maintain our distribution at least at its current level and increase it if conditions warrant. Now, let's turn to the partnership's financial performance. In the fourth quarter, ONEOK Partners reported net income of $122 million or $1.09 per unit. Relatively flat on a net income basis compared with last year as a result of softening commodity prices that Jim will discuss in a few minutes. And for the full year, net income was 626 million or $6.01 per unit, a record year. Distributable cash flow in the fourth quarter was down approximately $10 million, but increased more than 35% for the year. We raised the distribution four times during 2008, a 7% increase since becoming general partner almost three years ago, we've increased distributions to unit holders 11 times representing a 35% increase. We have increased our hedges on expected production from the partnership's natural gas gathering and processing segment. The business with the most sensitivity to commodity prices. For 2009, we have hedged 52% of our expected NGL and condensate production at an average price of $1.42 per gallon. John? That concludes my remarks on the partnership.
John Gibson: Thanks, Curtis. Now, Jim Kneale, ONEOK Partners President and Chief Operating Officer will discuss the partnership's operating performance. Jim?
Jim Kneale: Thank you, John, and good morning. I'm going to review the performance of the partnership's four business segments, update you on our growth projects, and talk a little bit about 2009. I'll start with our natural gas segment. The natural gas gathering and processing segment had a solid fourth quarter topping off a record year. In the fourth quarter, we saw a significant drop in commodity prices from the historic highs earlier in the year. Although we had hedges in place on a large percent of our commodity exposure, the lower prices impacted our earnings by about $8 million as compared with the fourth quarter of 2007. For the year, higher commodity prices benefited the segment by $58 million. Realized prices for NGLs and natural gas were 20% higher in 2008 and realized condensate prices rose more than 30%. As Curtis mentioned, we have some hedges in place for 2009. However, we do not  we do expect lower commodity prices in 2009, which is the main driver of our lower 2009 earnings guidance in this segment. In 2008, improved contract terms increased fee revenue charge for gathering and compression services adding about $12 million to margins. Also in 2008, we connected a record 476 wells to our gathering system, representing a 35% increase over 2007. This activity resulted in our natural gas gathered volumes remaining flat and our natural gas volumes processed increasing 3% over 2007. Although still early in the year, the number of wells connected in January was the same as last year. However, we have seen a 25% to 35% drilling rig reduction in the states where we own assets. And even though we have a backlog of new well connects to work off we do expect we do expect total volumes gathered to be down about 2% from 2008. In the Mid-Continent we expect our well connect activity and backlog to stay at current levels for at least the next few months, primarily due to continued drilling activity currently underway in the Woodford Shale. In the Powder River Basin, we primarily gather natural gas from coalbed methane wells, due to the dewarring requirements of these wells, there is an 18 months to 24 months time lag between drilling and production. So we do not expect to see any immediate effects of the lower rig count until at least 2010. In the Wilson Basin, where we have expanded our grass lands plant, the level of operating rigs is down about 27% from its November high, but there are still 30% more rigs operating now than at the end of 2007. Now moving to our natural gas pipeline segment, fourth quarter operating income increased 14% compared with the same period in 2007 due to reduced operating costs. For the year, we benefited from new and renegotiated storage contracts as well as the impact higher natural gas prices had on our retained fuel position. This past December, we completed construction on the 119 mile Guardian pipeline extension into Green Bay, Wisconsin and placed the pipeline in partial service. The final compressor station will be placed in service this month. As you might recall, the additional capacity is fully subscribed under 15 year agreements with two Wisconsin utilities. Construction costs are estimated to be at the upper end of the range we previously provided of $277 million to $305 million. The natural gas pipeline segment's 2009 earnings will increase over 2008, primarily due to the Guardian project, but this increase will be partially offset by the impact that lower natural gas prices will have on our retained fuel position. Before I talk about each of our natural gas liquid segments, I think it's important to point out the integration that exists between these two segments. Gathering and Fractionation segment acquires a significant amount of transportation from the NGL pipeline segment. In order to transport NGLs gathered from processing plants to this segment's fractionators and to distribute NGL purity products to the market. This allows the gathering and fractionation segment to provide producers and processors the fee based service of gathering a raw barrel in one location, and redelivering a finished barrel at another. It is also this integrated approach that allows the gathering and fractionation segment to capture marketing uplifts and product optimization opportunities. The downside of our integrated approach is the difficulty it creates in understanding each segment's standalone performance especially when it comes to capital investments. As a result, for certain measures, we look at these two segments on a combined basis. On a combined basis, 2008 operating income was $265 million as compared with $152 million in 2007. In breaking down the operating income, the two NGL  between the two NGL segments, let's start with the natural gas liquid gathering and fractionation segment where fourth quarter operating income increased 17% compared with 2007. The primary driver for this increase was the wider NGL price differentials experienced between Conway and Mont Bellevue. This benefit was offset by lower fractionation volumes due primarily to a plant maintenance shut down at our Mont Bellevue fractionator. We also experienced lower fractionation volumes in December due to ethane rejection at some of the natural gas processing plants where we're connected to and this carried over in the early January. Currently, the areas we serve are extracting ethane gain, but we do expect some continued impact in 2009 volumes due to periodic ethane rejection. Looking at the segment's full year 2008 earnings, we saw more than 80% or $92 million increase in operating income compared with last year. Again, the largest driver was the significantly wider regional NGL product price differentials representing about $70 million of the increase. To put that in perspective, during 2008, the Conway to Mont Bellevue average opus price differential for ethane average $0.15 per gallon and it peaked at more than $0.40 compared with 2007 average of $0.06. We were able to optimize our assets to capture additional margin from these price differentials. Another significant highlight of 2008 was continued volume growth which contributed more than $30 million to earnings. Increased volumes came through new connections to processing plants, increased production from existing plant connections and extending our system into the Woodford Shale. And in the fourth quarter, with the startup of the Overland Pass Pipeline, our fractionation volumes increased as we began delivering raw NGLs to the expanded Bushton fractionator. We expect 2009 fractionation volumes to increase 25% to 30% over 2008 levels primarily at the Bushton fractionator as we bring on more barrels from Overland Pass and continue to grow our mid-continent volumes. However, as we grow our volumes, tariffs paid in 2009 to the NGL pipeline segment will also increase with Overland Pass being in operation for a full year, along with the addition of other NGL pipelines scheduled to come online. We also anticipate 2009 price differentials to be significantly lower than we experienced in 2008. That is evident in our 2009 earnings guidance which shows operating income at half the level of 2008. So now let's talk about our Natural Gas Liquid Pipeline segment, which have a great fourth quarter with operating income nearly doubling from 2007. For the year, the largest increase is the result of our full-year ownership of the North System versus three months in 2007. Volumes transported by this segment are on the rise. In the fourth quarter, NGLs transported increased 28% over the prior year and NGLs gathered were up 20%. The largest portion of this increase came from the North System, due primarily to propane demand in the upper Midwest, which was driven by heating demand. And we also experienced increased shipments of blending stocks to Chicago area refiners, and denaturant shipments to Midwest ethanol markets, which benefited earnings by $10 million as compared with 2007. Also in the fourth quarter, as I already mentioned, the 760 mile Overland Pass pipeline was placed in service and began flowing NGLs from plants in the Rockies to our existing fractionation and storage infrastructure at Bushton. We ended the year moving about 30,000 barrels per day and are currently flowing approximately 60,000 barrels per day. Final construction costs are estimated to be approximately $575 million at the low end of the range we previously provided of $575 million to $590 million. Looking forward to 2009, we expect continued growth in the NGL pipeline segment as we bring on supply from D-J and Piceance Basins and the Overland Pass as well as the Barnett Shale via the Arbuckle Pipeline. The northern portion of the 125 mile D-J pipeline has begun operations and we are nearing completion on the remainder of the pipeline. The 150 mile Piceance lateral pipeline is scheduled to come on line during the third quarter of 2009. Construction began in the fourth quarter of 2008 and is now on hold as planned due to big game winner range restriction and we will resume in the second quarter of 2009. Initial flow on this on the lateral is still expected to be approximately 37,000 barrels per day. Once these two laterals are in service, Overland Pass will be flowing approximately 140,000 barrels per day by the end of the third quarter. We currently are planning to add two pump stations on Overland Pass in 2009 to handle these additional volumes. Construction on the Arbuckle Pipeline continues with much of the Oklahoma and North Texas portions complete or nearing completion. Unfortunately, right of way [ph] 26:14 acquisition has been challenging, time consuming and more expensive than we anticipated. Due to delays in acquiring right of way [ph], we expect construction on the south end to be more difficult and expensive as a result of low lying wet lands areas and the potential for spring rains during the second quarter. Accordingly, we've pushed back our expected completion date to the second quarter from the first quarter of 2009, and anticipate project costs could increase 10% to 15% above the previously issued range of $340 million to $360 million. On a more positive note for Arbuckle we have secured additional supply commitments from producers. Initial flows on the pipeline are expected to be more than 60,000 barrels per day and we now have sufficient commitments to fill the pipelines 210,000 barrel per day expanded capacity over the next three years to five years. This will require us to expand the initial capacity of 160,000 barrels a day to 210,000 barrels per day with additional pump facilities. Finally, we are closely following changes in the petrochemical demand. While some petrochemical plants have recently restarted, the overall outlook for U.S. and international demand remains weak. Ethane inventories remain high and ethane rejection remains likely to occur periodically throughout 2009. We have included these impacts in our 2009 guidance. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Jim. Take a little break here. Rest from that. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Curtis, and then back to Jim to review ONEOK's fourth quarter financial and operating performance. Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the fourth quarter was $68 million or $0.65 a diluted share compared with $103 million or $0.98 diluted share in 2007. Net income for the full year was $312 million or $2.95 per diluted share versus $305 million or $2.79 per diluted share, a 6% increase in EPS from 2007. Strong performances by the ONEOK Partners and distribution segments more than offset the lower results in Energy Services. ONEOK standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $170 million in 2008. We expect this amount to increase to between $185 million and $235 million in 2009, reflecting a higher annualized ONEOK Partners distribution than in 2008, higher anticipated earnings in distribution and energy services, and lower standalone capital expenditures. This free cash flow provides us the opportunity to look at acquisitions, invest in ONEOK Partners, repurchase our common stock, and increase future dividends. By virtue of ONEOK's general partner interests and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $252 million in distributions from the partnership in 2008, a 21% increase from 2007. At the partnership's current distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately 274 million in distributions in 2009, an increase of 9% over 2008. In December 2008, we made a voluntarily contribution of $112 million to the ONEOK retirement plans as a result of lower investment performance during the year and to keep our funding level at 80%. We have an additional contribution of $31 million required in 2009. ONEOK's liquidity position is excellent. Year-end 2008, on a standalone basis, we had 1.4 billion outstanding on our two revolvers and $332 million in cash and cash equivalents. In January, we repaid the $400 million, 364-day revolving credit agreement we took out last summer. When that facility expires in August, we do not anticipate securing a similar revolver, given lower anticipated commodity prices, the reduced storage capacity in our energy services segment that John mentioned and more than adequate liquidity to handle our working capital needs. By the end of the first quarter, we expect our short-term debt to be approximately $600 million as we continue to pull gas from storage to meet our customers' needs. We currently project our short-term borrowings to remain below $900 million for 2009. In February, we also repaid 100 million of maturing long-term debt. Including the long-term debt we repaid in 2008, we've reduced ONEOK's long-term debt by $500 million over the past year, and now have a standalone long-term debt to capital ratio of 40%. ONEOK does not have any additional debt maturing until 2011. ONEOK's 2009 net income guidance is in the range of $2.25 to $2.75 per diluted share, reflecting lower anticipated earnings at ONEOK Partners, because of lower commodity prices, partially offset by higher expected earnings from distribution and energy services. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Curtis. Now, Jim Kneale will review. Are you ready?
Jim Kneale: I'm ready.
John Gibson: Jim Kneale will review ONEOK's operating performance. Jim?
Jim Kneale: Thanks, John. I've already talked about the ONEOK Partners segment, so let's start with Energy Services. In the fourth quarter, we continue to experience a very difficult pricing environment resulting in lower earnings compared with the same period in 2007. The significant downward pricing environment limited our opportunities to capture margins. As we look back over 2008, the cold weather early in the year, the significant rise in natural gas prices followed by the significant fall made it very difficult to capture storage margins. In 2008, Energy Services realized an average storage margin of $0.96 per MMBtu as compared with $1.94 in 2007. Transportation margins were also down in 2008. As an example, the location differential for Rockies to Mid-Continent transportation was $0.85 per MMBtu in 2008 compared with more than $2 in 2007. Although the results of the Energy Services segment for 2008 were lower than we hoped for and expected we are currently seeing a much more favorable summer to winter storage differential environment which should benefit both 2009 and 2010 performance. We have nearly 70% of our 2009 transportation hedge and have most of our storage margin hedged with a small amount of the remaining storage capacity available to capture margin upside. As John mentioned, we intend to reduce our storage capacity in the future, with a target of approximately 65 BCF compared with our current capacity of 90 BCF without impacting services to our customers. Now let's talk about the Distribution segment. The Distribution segment had solid performance in the fourth quarter and a record year. For the past few years we've talked about our rate strategy and the progress we've made on improving our return on equity. Our 2008 accomplishments included new recovery mechanism, the renewal of some existing mechanisms, and new rate cases, which will produce more than $33 million in annual revenue in 2009 providing us with solutions for earnings lag, margin protection, and risk mitigation. Some of the specific accomplishments in 2008 include capital recovery filings in Oklahoma, Kansas, and El Paso. In Oklahoma, our second integrity management filing was approved in 2008 and a third filing was made in January of 2009. Also in Oklahoma, we received approval to recover the fuel related portion of bad debt costs above the amount included in base rates. We began to bring those costs in January of this year. In late 2008, we filed for incentive based rates in Oklahoma. Yesterday, the administrative law judge denied our request. In Texas, new rates were implemented in our El Paso and south Texas service areas. On February 11th of this year, Texas Gas Service filed a statement of intent to increase rates in its central Texas service area which includes Houston for $3.6 million. If approved, new rates will become effective in June 2009. Another important accomplishment is that our cost control initiatives and all three jurisdictions have allowed our operating costs to stay in line with prior year levels. Due to changing economic conditions, we expect a more moderate capital spending program. $137 million in 2009 versus $170 million in 2008, but we will not sacrifice the safety of our employees, customers or assets. The successful execution of our integrated strategy that focuses on rates, cost control and growth through efficient capital investment continues, allowing us to sustain a new level of earnings and continued to improve profitability. John, that concludes my remarks.
John Gibson: Thanks, Jim. Okay. As Curtis mentioned or 2009 earnings guidance for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners is lower than what we achieved in 2008 primarily because of the lower expected prices and narrow NGL product price differentials. You also know that the prices we're using in our 2009 guidance are higher than what we've experienced in the first months of the year, but as Curtis mentioned, we have been able to place hedges on more than half our expected liquids production. It is our view that the commodity prices we used in our 2009 guidance are not significantly out of line with current market thinking. And as the year unfolds we will as we always have in the past, update you on our price deck and our earnings guidance. Our success in 2009 will be the result of the contributions and the commitments of our employees who are focused on the job at hand. Completing the remaining projects and identifying new ones. Growing volumes, managing risks and reducing expenses. Their hard work and dedication will enable us to have a successful 2009 and my thanks to all of them for their past and their future contributions. This is not the first time that this management team or our employees have faced a challenging and uncertain economic and industry environment. With our assets, people, financial flexibility and discipline, and our legacy of doing the right thing to create value for our customers, we're confident that we will emerge a better and stronger company, continuing to deliver value to our shareholders and to our unit holders. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). The first question is from Michael Blum from Wachovia.
Michael Blum  Wachovia: Hi, good morning, guys.
John Gibson: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Blum  Wachovia: Couple of questions. One, can you just discuss  you made statements in the past that ONEOK, Inc. has an appetite to potentially purchase units from MLP. Is that still on the table as a potential option?
John Gibson: Yes.
Michael Blum  Wachovia: Okay. Second of all, again, in the past, you've talked about sort of the longer term view that you thought you could deploy $300 million to $500 million a year in organic projects. I guess, has that changed, obviously recognizing that access to capital could be a limiting factor but just in terms of the opportunity set you see over the next few years, has that changed at all? Your thinking changed at all there?
John Gibson: It's changed only to the extent that we see those opportunities being pushed out further in time, which makes that $300 million to $500 million range come more in line with, let's say, $250 million to $300 million of what we'll call growth capital. That answer your question?
Michael Blum  Wachovia: Yes. Last question, in your guidance, can you provide what you are assuming for the price differential between Conway and Mont Bellevue for ethane?
John Gibson: Jim?
Jim Kneale: Michael, $0.07.
Michael Blum  Wachovia: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Kent Green from Boston American Asset Management.
Kent Green  Boston American Asset Management: Hi, yes, my question pertains to your cost to capital and looking at your projects, obviously cost to capital has caught up for everybody. So I assume that if you're trying to pass that, whatever possible higher capital costs, borrowing costs as well as cost of equity on to some of the producers in the form, whatever you can. Could you update us on that?
John Gibson: Jim?
Jim Kneale: I think it's a combination of factors, a lot of this capital we've spent we pre-funded last year, so, we fortunately were in the markets and we're able to do that. On some of the projects, we do have the ability to increase these as we go forward, so it's really a combination of things, and as we look at new projects, we are also using this higher cost of capital that we're seeing today recognizing that as we continue to grow that we will be at some point accessing the capital markets.
Curtis Dinan: That's a good point, and the other thing I would add is on future projects as they come before us, we're looking at an incremental costs to capital, not historic.
Kent Green  Boston American Asset Management: Another question pertains to use of joint ventures. A lot of people have gone to joint ventures with, because some of these projects are pretty large. How do you view joint ventures? Do you prefer to  I'm sure you prefer to own 100% of a project, particularly with (inaudible) but outside of your geographical area of operation, are you, have the ability to pursue joint ventures to do half a project with another MMLP, et cetera?
Curtis Dinan: Yes, sir, in fact, we are in several joint ventures, the Overland Pass pipeline that we referred to in our comments is owned 1% by Williams and 99% by our partnership. We're in a joint venture arrangement with two gathering systems in the Powder River Basin, so we've used them  or actually, 50%, we own 50% in northern border pipeline, which is another joint venture. So, you're right, we would prefer to go it alone, but we have a record of carefully selecting partners and engaging in joint ventures. We will consider that in the future. Yes. Finally, I think one of the analysts gave out this morning and said, most of the projects, the EMP people are in with exception of some of the shales, probably are uneconomical unless we get $6 gas or at least produces a return of less than 10% with $6 gas. I mean, this is obviously why the rich are being laid down and people are differing drilling. Do you have a figure with your midstream assets where liquids are unprofitable? And you are taking ethane or instead of processing or selling it. And what would that number be?
John Gibson: We've not disclosed that number, but we do have one, and what we do is look at each individual plan, each individual processing plan and the economics behind that plan, looking at the cost of gas, and the value of the liquids to determine whether or not we're going to reject ethane. Perhaps on a broader scale, to answer your question, that's one of the reasons that we focused over the years of building a diverse basin, if you think about where our gathering and processing assets are located across the country, we are in growing, but also in mature areas, and so, lot of the gas that is flowing behind our plants and systems is gas that has been produced and at in the past is not necessarily subject to the current economics of $6 gas that's the EMP people spoke to this morning. And of course, the other thing is we've seen a lot of growth in the shale area and we continue to build assets in those areas, because we believe they are economically advantaged. So we spread our risk across different basins, and we have assets that have long lived and substantial reserves already producing behind our systems.
Kent Green  Boston American Asset Management: My last question, obviously, most of the MLPs seem to be holding up better than other energy companies because of the dividend yields, at least people get at least some return while they wait. So how adamant are you on continuing to pay your dividend? Last year you generated excess cash flow. However what the dividends were paid? However, in the fourth quarter, your coverage ratio went to 0.89.
John Gibson: I don't know that that coverage ratio.
Curtis Dinan: Rather than  that's correct, but I think as I pointed in the comments, we're, we had the opportunity, if you will, the increase distribution we chose not to because we did not believe that the prices that we were experiencing in the first three quarters of last year would continue, much like as I said, we tonight think last year would continue, much like as I said, we don't believe they are sustainable at the current levels, our ratio, our stated objective as it relates to our ratio coverage, we do not intend to change. As I indicated in the comments we look for opportunities to increase. We don't feel that we've given no thought to decreasing. And the fact of the matter is that in today's world, if I were to say to you that we have no intention on reducing or distribution, at some point in time, that comes back to haunt you, because you never know what the future holds, and this management team will continue to operate prudently, but we see no reason to believe that our distribution or our dividend are in jeopardy.
Operator: The next question is from John [ph] from Citigroup.
Ganesh  Citigroup: Hi, this is actually Ganesh [ph] standing in for John. I have a couple of questions. How do you view the partnership's current leverage and the effect on your credit rating, et cetera? And what is the debt to EBITDA ratio that you guys would be comfortable with at the OKS level?
Curtis Dinan: Hi, John. Couple of thoughts there. Long-term, we really continue to have a focus of being in the 50-50 debt to equity level. That has not changed. As we've been building out the projects, we've certainly pushed up that limit a little bit, but again, over the long term, our plans are to bring that back in line with our long-term goal. On the your question about the debt to EBITDA ratio we have a covenant of a five times coverage, we really have been closer to a kind of 4, 4.25 type of range, and so I think that's more how we would think of and look at that ratio over the long-term as well.
Ganesh  Citigroup: Fair enough. I have another question, looking at your NGL hedges for 2009, and just grossing it up, it appears that your equity volumes are closer to about 8800 barrels a day, which is about 30% lower than what we saw during the Q4. Any thoughts on why that reduction? Or whats the source of that reduction?
Pierce Norton: This is Pierce, I can answer that question. What happens is over as things change in different basins we have different mixes of contracts. POPs and keep-whole. So what happens is although our volumes have not fallen off appreciably, the location of those volumes have changed. So we've gone to more POP, and little less keep-whole. So you'll see in our sensitivities where sensitivity and natural gas has actually gone up, and the NGLs has actually gone down and crude has gone up. So basically, the answer to your question is it's a contract mix type answer.
Ganesh  Citigroup: Do you guys have more POP versus keep-whole land in the past few years?
Pierce Norton: That's right. The liquids that we're keeping up that in it also goes up on your natural gas also.
Ganesh  Citigroup: Got it. Thank you so much, guys.
Operator: Next question is from Yves Siegel from Arroyo Capital.
Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital: Hi, thank you. Good morning, guys.
John Gibson: Good morning.
Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital: Several questions if I could. Number one, in the past, you've entertained asset sales. Any pruning that you could or contemplate in 09?
John Gibson: I think as we have always in the past, we've looked for those assets that have looked at those assets that either no longer fit or don't provide returns that we hope and we look to sell those assets. I mean if you look back at last year, we had several. They probably didn't touch on anybody's radar screen, because there are $10 million or $15 million or $20 million or less. We'll continue to prune the tree so to speak, looking for those marginal opportunities to divest those marginal assets. As we also will continue to look for opportunities to acquire the right assets that further strengthen our existing businesses.
Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital: I should be more direct, John. I guess what I'm thinking about and I didn't want you about the potential for acquisitions, is you have a slight short fall in terms of  as you get into the year in terms of meeting the growth CapEx. And so it just seems to me in terms of thinking about the ways to achieve that small gap, if you will, could be through pruning the tree, number one? Number 2, I'm just wondering if it's possible to do an intra company loan from ONEOK, Inc. to the partnership or any reason why you just wouldn't do that?
John Gibson: Curtis?
Curtis Dinan: Give that some thought. In terms of an intracompany loan I assume between ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, there is a possibility that that could be done, but we do not have any type of a facility like that set up today nor we approached either of the boards about that type of an arrangement.
Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital: But there's no real obstacle to doing that at this point? Other than 
John Gibson: Other than we haven't done it. We haven't approached either board as Curtis indicated. I guess one might assume from that that we're not thinking about going in that direction.
Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital: Okay. Okay. John, could you elaborate on the other comment you made in terms of potential acquisitions? What do you think about the landscape out there right now?
John Gibson: Five years ago, we talked about, and particular gathering and processing needs to consolidate and we still feel the same way, gets a little more complicated with assets reside inside MLPs. We have  as we've also disclosed in the past, bid on acquiring assets over the last couple years, but the value of those assets were not commensurate with the value that we placed on them, so we didn't buy them, other people did. What we see now is perhaps an opportunity as different owners of assets look for opportunities to divest assets that don't fit. We, this is a particularly gathering and processing a limiting field of assets. You pretty much know what everything looks like, you know what you want and so we just stand ready. But I guess to answer your question directly, we see some activity increasing, more so than we have in the past as it relates to particular gathering and processing. It's not seeing a whole lot and gathering fractionation and not really seeing a whole lot in the pipeline businesses, but gathering and processing we think there's going to be some opportunities.
Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital: I have two and I promise just two additional add-ons. One is, is it more likely to see assets, discrete asset purchases as opposed to acquiring the company?
John Gibson: Well, I think you're going to see both. The challenge in acquiring companies is some of the companies have so much debt it just seems to, for us, it's a barrier. But yes, I think there will be acquisitions of entities, and there will be acquisitions of assets.
Yves Siegel  Arroyo Capital: And then my last question is, I think you were early and did tremendous job in re-contracting from keep-whole contracts that the more fee-based contracts. When you look at the gathering and processing assets out there, is that a hurdle, if you will, in terms of the contract structures of the assets that you are looking at? And do you think that the environment is such that you could go in and make acquisitions with the intent of recontracting? Would that be something that you would may or may not want to do? And let me just add on the B part of that. When we look at current environment  and you look at the current frac spreads, is it fair to say the keep-whole spreads aren't really that far from what has been historical?
Curtis Dinan: Let me take the first part of your question. When we look at our vision and what we're trying to do at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, we are rebundling the value chain, we have shared that with group. The other thing we do is we try to look for opportunities where we can take advantage of our capabilities. Those things that we think we do well. Your point about restructuring contracts, and we do that across all of our business segments, not just in gathering and processing, is to, our way of thinking of improving capability. And so when we look at a business in gathering and processing it has a heavy load of keep-whole. We can face that with a certain amount of confidence that we've been there, we've done that and we feel that, that may be an upside that others may not be as confident about. So would we acquire an asset that has exposure to keep-whole? Yes. But we would acquire it with a view to reduce that exposure through recontracting efforts now. Having said that as it relates to the second part of your question, which I just went blank on. Keep-whole spreads, how could we forget that? Yes, if you look at a graph, for those of us been hanging around a long time, and that includes me. I mean, as you go from left to right in time, little bars that stick up and measure the keep-whole spread, they don't hand up, they dont go up very high until you get into about the last two years or three years and then they jump off and they are coming back down. And as we've said many times before over time, in gathering and processing, you will spend more time below the average than he will above. We said that in 2000, we've said it every year since then and it remains the truth. That's a fundamental of the business.  We are pleased that we have the experience, the high commodity prices, but to be candid, as I look back, I wonder sometimes if we wouldn't be better off with more fee based. We almost have no exposure to keep-whole. We have about 30% exposure to POP and we benefit from the upside. But in times like this, where we see the projection for the commodity prices to go down, and it seems as though people  it seems as though investors, I should say, don't reward us for having put the portfolio in a position to capture the upside. It's more that it's a failure that we are reducing our expectations for gathering and processing operating costs. So that would argue the investor would rather see more fee based, that 70%, 60%, 70% number in gathering and processing going up. So that's one thing inside the gathering and processing (inaudible) this team are looking at.
Operator: The next question is from Rebecca Followill from Tudor, Pickering.
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering: Good morning. On energy services, your guidance for 2009 is considerably higher than 2008, yet your letting go of a lot of storage. So can you walk us through how it goes higher in 2009? And what percent of that 115 million of EBIT guidance is hedged?
John Gibson: I can give you a quick answer to it, and then we can turn it over to Jim or Terry, but the bottom line is we have, yes, we have, the hedges we're going to have less but the spreads are going to be greater. So less times more equals more. Jim, is there anything?
Jim Kneale: Not to get too far into the details with that, but if you think back to the first quarter of '08, where we had extremely cold weather as we supplied our demand customers, the LDCs, there are claw backs to some of those demand charges that we end up giving back because we have to go out in the open market and buy gas to serve those customers instead of pulling out of storage. So that was an event in the first quarter last year. It's not happening this year. This year, remember, prices just kept continuing moving upward last year. This year, what we've seen is a natural gas price trending down, so you will set the first of the month index and cash prices will trade down, which gives us an opportunity to make margin from using our storage gap. Then if you more step back to what John was talking about, well, made one more thing with storage, again when gas prices ran up to $10 and $12 as we were injecting gas last year and then fell to $5 and $6, we, although forward sold some of that had a pretty high inventory costs so that limited our margins. And again, the transport margin, especially truing the Rockies in the Mid-Continent was low last year, so you fast forward to this year. We've hedged a lot of our storage margin for 2009. We've hedged 70% of our transport margin as those spreads widened during different parts of the year last year. So even with, well, even with just 65 BCF of capacity that we're going to utilize this year, we'll generate that higher profit.
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering: Of the 115 million, how much is locked in?
Terry Spencer: Rebecca, this is Terry. If you look at our transportation book, our transportation book has improved in value considerably from 2008, what we're showing as guidance for 2009. When you take the fact that our nearly 70% of our transportation position is hedged and nearly all our storage position is hedged, you look in from as percentage of gross margin, you are pushing 80% of that, pretty well locked down.
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering: Okay. And then finally, on the fourth quarter  I know in the third quarter, you had about a 10 million write down of storage, was there any write-down of storage in the fourth quarter?
Terry Spencer: Rebecca, No.
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Meyer [ph] from DLB [ph].
Alex Meyer  DLB: Hi, my question has been answered. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Lewis Shammy from Zimmer Lucas.
Lewis Shammy  Zimmer Lucas: Hi, congratulations on the good year, everybody.
John Gibson: Thanks, Lewis.
Lewis Shammy  Zimmer Lucas: I had a couple of questions. First one was regarding the 350 million or so of gross capital for this year. Can you guys give some outline as to how that's going to be spent or on which discrete projects that will be allocated to?
John Gibson: Curtis or excuse me, let me, I'll throw that one to Jim. Try to find some detail in our many sheets of paper here.
Jim Kneale: A lot of that, I think if I remember the number correctly, about $170 million of that is completing the larger projects we have going, that Arbuckle and Piceance and D-J. Then the remainder of that is just what I would call our routine growth where in gathering and processing and the other segments where we're connecting new wells in our natural gas pipeline segment, where we're doing interconnects and finishing Guardian pipeline it was that type of thing.
Lewis Shammy  Zimmer Lucas: Okay. So would you say that any of the 2008 spending, I guess, slipped into 2009? Or anything like that?
Jim Kneale: I guess this may not answer your question, but how I would answer that is again, we were building Guardian, we're building Arbuckle, we were building D-J, and had started Piceance, so completing those, I guess those dollars, those projects would be completed in '09, so that's a roll of dollars, yes. We didn't specifically pick projects in '08 and say I'll have to defer that to '09 because of some financial engineering type issue or anything like that.
Lewis Shammy  Zimmer Lucas: Got it. Okay. And the other question I had with regarding at ethane rejection, so in your forecast, you're expecting that to be intermittent throughout the year. What kind of dollar impact to your guidance would you say is coming from at ethane rejection? I guess on the NGL pipelines or the gathering fractionation.
Terry Spencer: Lewis, this is Terry, we've not disclosed that in the past from a dollar standpoint, but I can tell you volume metrically it's about 10% to 15%. So when we go to ethane rejection, that's the impact to our volumes. As far as 2009 goes, we do have ethane rejection in our guidance, but if this thing goes to a sustained ethane rejection for the balance of the year, we do not have that factored in.
Lewis Shammy  Zimmer Lucas: Okay. But just to clarify on that, during a period of ethane rejection, your volumes are 10% to 15% lower, and then some you're averaging in some portion of that to your expectations for '09?
Jim Kneale: That's correct, and what I'm referring to are gathering and fractionation volumes.
Lewis Shammy  Zimmer Lucas: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Sam Brothwell from Wachovia.
Sam Brothwell  Wachovia: Hi, good morning, I think most of mine have been covered, but do you have any thoughts, do you expect Williams to possibly exercise its option on Overland Pass this year?
John Gibson: You know, Sam, we don't, simply because we understand in their conference call last week they said they did not have that included in their capital. It doesn't mean they can't change their mind, but at least that's what they told their investors.
Sam Brothwell  Wachovia: I just wanted to know if you have any different take. Thank you.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, thank you, all. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Call. As a reminder, our quite period for the first quarter will start when or books close in early April and will expand until earnings and release we will provide a reporting date and conference call information for the first quarter at a later date. Christy Williams and I will be available throughout the day for follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us. And have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - VP of IR and Public Affair John W. Gibson - CEO of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and CEO of ONEOK Partners, L.P. James C. Kneale - President and COO of ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P. Curtis L. Dinan - Sr. VP, CFO and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and EVP, CFO and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P. Terry Spencer - EVP of ONEOK and EVP, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P. Pierce Norton - EVP ONEOK and EVP, Natural Gas of ONEOK Partners, L.P.
Analysts: Louis Shamie - ZLP Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt John Olson - Houston Energy Partners Dennis Coleman - Bank of America Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital Gracie Juan - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2008 ONOEK and ONOEK Partners Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Dan Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affair: Thank you. Good morning and welcome, everyone. As we begin this morning's conference call, I remind you that any statements that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, which are covered by the safe harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. It's important to note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to ONEOK'S and ONEOK Partners' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, John Gibson who serves as CEO of ONEOK and Chairman and CEO of ONEOK Partners. John?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us and for your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Here with me today are Jim Kneale, President and Chief Operating Officer for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; and Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. And also joining us will be is Terry Spencer and Pierce Norton who will be available to answer questions at the end of the call. During our previous conference calls, we have shared with you are plans and progress for growing both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. And while execution of these plans has not been without challenges, we have and we will continue to do as we say and continue to meet or exceed our shareholders and our unitholders expectations. So while everyone's mind is on the issues of liquidity, commodity prices and other market uncertainties, it is important we think to provide perspective of how we will approach the future by acknowledging our actions and our successes of the past. So as we begin our call this morning, I'd like to review our more significant and recent accomplishments. Both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners had terrific quarters, ONEOK's net income more than tripling and ONEOK Partners more than doubling. The completion of Overland Pass Pipeline, the largest pipeline construction project in the company's history, is another significant accomplishment. NGL barrels are now being received at our fractionation facilities in the Mid Continent. A congratulations and thanks to all of the employees and contractors who helped us complete this very important project. Construction is also well underway on the other NGL and natural gas pipeline projects, as we wrap up $2 billion of internal growth projects which will provide ONEOK Partners and ONEOK with additional earnings next year. ONEOK Partners issued approximately $450 million in additional equity in March, with ONEOK, as general partner, purchasing almost two thirds of that total. And ONEOK continues to have an interest in purchasing additional ONEOK Partners units. These past accomplishments, combined with our strong liquidity position at both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, positions us to face the challenges of the future, including the current financial market turmoil. As our news release stated, we increased our available cash at both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, primarily by drawing down their respective revolvers. While we don't have an immediate need for the additional cash, we thought it prudent to have cash on hand in this current market. For ONEOK Partners, this means we will have more than ample cash to fully fund our capital requirement over the balance of 2008 and well into 2009. And our growth capital expenditures for 2009 are expected to be significantly lower than this year's. For ONEOK, we expect our working capital requirements to peak within the coming weeks when we will begin withdrawing natural gas from inventory and converting it to cash. And Curtis will be providing more details on the balance sheet in just a few minutes. So let's turn now to our third quarter results. ONEOK had a strong third quarter, thanks to an exceptionable performance by the ONEOK Partners segment, with as expected results from the distribution segment. The energy services segment experienced lower third quarter results due to continued lower storage and marketing margins, coupled by a natural gas inventory write-down to reflect the lower of cost or market as a result in the decline of natural gas prices. A bit later, I will address the actions we are taking to improve performance at energy services. As you know, ONEOK Partners is in the final stages of executing $2 billion of internally generated growth projects, which will contribute more that $250 million in earnings next year, benefiting not only the partnership, but also ONEOK. As we have highlighted in the past, we've identified a slate of new projects, not yet announced, which we estimate will require capital investments averaging $300 million to $500 million a year between 2010 and 2015. As we have always done, we will exercise a financial discipline regarding these new projects, meaning we will not move forward unless the economics make sense and create long-term value. Never has this discipline been more important than in today's capital markets. So, at this time, let's take a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners, and Curtis Dinan will now review the financial highlights. Curtis?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Before I review the Partnership's financial results, I'd like to provide a little more detail on ONEOK Partners' liquidity position, which is excellent and more than adequate to meet our currently forecasted capital funding needs well into 2009. Through October the Partnership has invested approximately $950 million in growth capital projects during 2008. Based on our current forecast, we expect to invest an additional $250 million this year, bringing our total investment for the year to $1.2 billion. These investments have been financed with the Partnership's revolving credit agreement, the equity offering completed in March of this year, as well as the distributable cash we have retained during the first three quarters of the year. For the first nine months of 2008, we have generated $527 million in distributable cash and paid $332 million in distributions to our general partner and our unitholders. This excess cash flow of almost $200 million was used to fund capital expenditures, which reduced the amounts borrowed under our revolver. As John mentioned, since the end of the third quarter, we have increased our cash position by drawing down a portion of our $1 billion revolver. At the end of October, the partnership had $400 million of cash and $130 million of remaining capacity on its revolver. This exceeds our remaining planned capital investments in 2008, providing us with financial flexibility as we enter 2009 when we expect our growth capital expenditures to drop significantly to the $350 million to $375 million range from this year's expected $1.2 billion level. As a result, we do not anticipate the need to access the capital markets until the latter part of 2009. However, when market conditions become more favorable, we will be opportunistic as we have done in the past. In addition, ONEOK Partners has a general partner that has demonstrated its commitment and continues to express an interest in purchasing additional units, giving the partnership added financial flexibility. The bottom-line is that the partnership is in a very good cash position. Now turning to the Partnership's financial performance. ONEOK Partners delivered outstanding results in the third quarter. Net income increased more than 110% to $204 million or $1.97 per unit compared with $96 million or $0.98 per unit in the third quarter of 2007. In the third quarter, distributable cash flow increased nearly 80% to $191 million or $1.85 per unit compared with $107 million or $1.11 per unit in the third quarter of 2007. Once again, all four of our segments showed improved results compared with 2007. Jim will provide additional detail on each segment's performance in a few minutes. Our natural gas gathering and processing segment had an exceptionally strong quarter, benefiting primarily from strong commodity prices. During the current quarter, we have already seen already seen a pullback in commodity prices. However, the hedges that the gathering and processing segment has, will benefit the segment from price declines in the fourth quarter and into 2009. For the balance of 2008, the gathering and processing segment has hedged 63% of its expected production on both NGLs and condensate, at an average price of $1.37 per gallon. We have also placed hedges for the remainder of the year on 56% of our expected natural gas volumes at $9.61 per MMBtu. Looking forward to 2009, we have hedged 21% of our expected NGL and condensate production, at an average price of $2.35 per gallon. Hedges for 2009 NGL and condensate production have been reduced from the 30% we reported last quarter due to the discontinuation of hedging relationships with Lehman. This last October, ONEOK Partners increased its quarterly distribution to an annualized rate of $4.32 per unit. This is our 11th consecutive distribution increase since the dropdown of the ONEOK assets in April of 2006. During this period, the Partnership has increased distributions by 35%, demonstrating our commitment to growing unitholder distributions. And lastly, the Partnership raised its 2008 net income guidance to the range of $5.95 per unit to $6.15 per unit, an increase from its previous guidance of $5.20 to $5.60 per unit. The Partnership also raised the expected distributable cash flow to a range of $625 million to $655 million compared with the previous range of $585 million to $625 million. John, that concludes my remarks on the partnership's financials.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks Curtis. Now Jim Kneale, ONEOK Partners President and Chief Operating Officer, will discuss the partnerships operating performance. Jim?
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to review the performance of the Partnership's four segment and also update you on our growth projects. I'll start with our natural gas segment. The natural gas gathering and processing segment had another great quarter, with operating income increasing 43% over last year. This increase was driven by higher NGL, crude oil and natural gas prices, improved contract terms and increased volumes. Partially offsetting this increase were slightly higher operating costs. We have connected a record number of wells this year. Through September, we have connected about 330 wells to our system, a 25% increase over last year. As you are all aware and Curtis just mentioned, as the fourth quarter has gotten underway, we have seen a decrease in crude oil and natural gas prices and a corresponding drop in NGL prices, and it appears that these lower prices may continue into 2009. However, as Curtis also mentioned, we do have hedges on about two thirds of our NGL and condensate production for the remainder of 2008 and 20% in 2009. There has also been talk by producers about cutting their capital spending. Through October, we haven't seen a change in volumes or the number of rigs running in our areas. However, it is possible that if capital spending reductions are made by producers in the areas where we operate, they could have an impact in 2009. The natural gas pipeline segment's third quarter operating income increased 18% as compared with the same period in 2007. This increase came primarily from the impact that higher natural gas prices had on our retained net fuel position and slightly lower operating costs. Construction continues on our 119 mile Guardian Pipeline expansion into Green Bay, Wisconsin. At the end of October, we had essentially completed about 80% of the pipeline and over half of the compressor stations. We anticipate it to be in service by yearend and for construction costs to be within the range we previously provided of $277 million to $305 million. Now let's take a look at our natural gas liquids segments. The natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation segment's third quarter operating income more than tripled from the same period in 2007. Driving much of this $65 million increase were significantly higher price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu. The Conway to Mont Belvieu average opus price differential for ethane was $0.24 per gallon and it peaked at more than $0.40 as compared with last year's average of $0.05. We were able to benefit from these price differentials through the optimization of our assets, but we do not expect them to continue at those unusually high levels going forward. Also this quarter, we recorded a gain of about $13 million related to increased volumes attributable to measurement at our NGL storage caverns. From time to time, we empty storage wells, verify balances and record gains or losses. We also continue to benefit from higher throughput from the NGL supply growth in the Mid Continent. As a result of the completion of our gathering extension into the Woodford Shale development in Southern Oklahoma, two new processing plants were connected to our system during that quarter. Since we acquired Koch's NGL business in 2005, we have now added 19 plants to our system. We also saw increased operating cost in this segment in the quarter due to the start-up cost for the new Bushton fractionator, higher utilization at all of our fractionators and higher employ costs. Now looking at the natural gas liquids pipeline segment, they also had a solid third quarter with operating income increasing 23%. NGL volumes transported increased 47% or 106,000 barrels per day. The majority of this increase is due to the addition of the North System, a 1,600 mile NGL and refined petroleum products pipeline system that we acquired in October of 2007. Operating costs from this new system accounted for most of the increase in operating costs this quarter in this segment. As John already mentioned, in October we began flowing NGLs into the 760 mile Overland Pass Pipeline. My congratulations and thanks go out to the hundreds of employees and contractors who worked on this project and made it a success. We are moving about 30,000 barrels per day from Echo Springs, Wyoming to our Mid Continent infrastructure. Construction of the final pipeline segment from Echo Springs to Opal has been completed. We expect product to be flowing into the pipeline at Opal by mid-November and expect approximately 100,000 barrels per day to be flowing on Overland Pass by the end of the first quarter 2009. Final construction costs are still estimated to be within the range we previously provided of $575 million to $590 million. Now I want to review the status on a couple of the other larger projects in our NGL business. We've began construction on the 150 mile Piceance lateral pipeline. This pipeline will gather NGL production from two Williams processing plants and other plants currently under negotiation. Initial flow on the lateral is expected to be approximately 40,000 barrels per day. There was a delay in receiving approval of our construction permit from the Federal Bureau of Land Management, but we now have that permit. This pushes our expected in-service date back one quarter to the third quarter of 2009. This delay will lower our expected EBITDA in 2009, but does not affect the overall project economics and we still expect project costs to be between $110 million and $140 million. We have also begun construction on the D-J lateral pipeline. This 125 mile pipeline is designed to transport as much as 55,000 barrels per day from the D-J Basin in North Eastern Colorado to the Overland Pass Pipeline. Supply commitments are in place for 33,000 barrels per day of raw NGLs with growth potential for another 10,000 barrels per day in the next two years. We are working towards partial start-up of this pipeline by the end of the year and expect it to be completed in the first quarter of 2009. The estimated cost of this project remains $70 million to $80 million dollars. On the Arbuckle Pipeline, all required construction permits have been received and construction is underway. Approximately 80 miles of the 440 mile pipeline have been completed and we expect it to be in service in the first quarter of 2009. The project costs estimate is unchanged at $340 million to $360 million. As Curtis mentioned, we increased the Partnerships earnings and cash flow guidance for 2008. During the fourth quarter, the natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation segment will continue to benefit from the NGL product price differentials, although, as I indicated earlier, likely not at the levels we saw in the third quarter. The natural gas liquids pipeline segment will increase during the fourth quarter also as a result of the start-up of Overland Pass Pipeline. Although a large portion of our commodity exposure is hedged for the remainder of 2008, lower commodity prices will reduce our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas pipeline segment's fourth quarter earnings. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, Jim. Excuse me. Before I turn the call over to Curtis and Jim to review ONEOK's third quarter operating performance, I'd like to make a few comments about energy services, where we are and where we're headed. We are not satisfied with energy services results and lower earnings guidance. While this business generates attractive returns, we always understood that its earnings and working capital needs have swings to them. Although, these results in our lowered earnings guidance are a reflection of the market conditions, as Jim will explain further, we are working to limit this segment's exposure to those conditions, and the resulting uncertainty regarding its earnings. Let me highlight the changes we are making to reduce those earnings swings and volatility, in order to create more value for our shareholders and for our customers. We will continue to focus on our demand business, which is primarily with local distribution companies, keeping and growing those contracts with customers that create the most value, and letting those contracts that don't expire. We are evaluating our lease storage and transport positions, and will reduce or eliminate capacity that does not align with our core business of marketing natural gas to our customers. We remain committed to improving this business and we remain committed to our customers. As a result of our efforts, this segment will have more predictable and less volatile earnings and reduced working capital requirements, ultimately rewarding our shareholders and customers. These efforts are underway with the benefits of our efforts becoming more apparent next year. We remain focused on providing our customers with the quality service they expect from us, especially during the upcoming heating season. As I reflect on these challenges facing energy services, and in particular the earnings volatility, I see relevant similarities between it and our natural gas gathering and processing segment, earlier this decade. As you know, with that business, we recognized early on the need to reevaluate the business, which in that case, led to restructured contracts and the sale of certain assets, and we did all that. Today, the natural gas gathering and processing segment has significantly reduced its exposure to the natural gas processing spread and is less sensitive to downside market pressures, while being able to capture upside opportunities. This took time and a lot of hard work, but our unitholders, our shareholders and our customers are better for it. We are committed to doing the same with energy services and believe we have the right strategies in place to achieve this goal. Now, let's turn to Curtis Dinan, who will review ONEOK's third quarter financial highlights. Curtis?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks John. ONEOK's net income in the third quarter of 2008 was $58 million, or $0.55 per diluted share, more than tripling net income of $14 million, or $0.13 per diluted share in the third quarter last year. As previously mentioned, the ONEOK Partners segment had exceptional results, leading the way for ONEOK's strong third quarter performance and reinforcing the benefit that ONEOK partners provides to ONEOK in the form of both earnings and cash flow. Following the Partnership's recent distribution announcement, the annualized distribution increased by $0.28 per unit relative to a year ago. This distribution increase results in an additional $12 million of annual cash flow from the limited partner units that ONEOK owns. Also, compared with a year ago, the incentive distributions ONEOK receives as general partner have increased by $29 million annually. We expect a growth of EBITDA anticipated at ONEOK Partners as a result of the current slate of growth projects will provide the Partnership the opportunity to increase future distributions, creating additional earnings and cash flow growth for ONEOK. As Jim will discuss in more detail in a moment, the distribution segment's third quarter operating income was comparable with the same period in 2007. Energy services operating income was lower than expected, primarily as a result of lower storage and transportation margins, lower financial trading results and a net loss of $9.7 million related to a write-down of natural gas inventories to the lower of cost or market. ONEOK's standalone cash flows from operations excluding the effects of working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividends by $62 million for the nine months in 2008. For the full year of 2008, we anticipate that free cash flows will be in the $160 million to $180 million range, giving us additional investment flexibility. As John mentioned, ONEOK increased its cash position during October by drawing down a portion of our revolvers to provide additional financial flexibility. As of October 31st, ONEOK had $335 million of cash and $120 million of remaining capacity on our two ONEOK revolvers, providing us with the financial flexibility we need to fund our working capital requirements. We also have approximately $915 million of natural gas in storage and expect to begin withdrawing and selling gas from storage during November as we enter the winter heating season, which will further increase our liquidity. ONEOK's current cash position, remaining capacity under our revolvers, the conversion of natural gas and storage to cash and our free cash flow put us in a strong liquidity position as we close out the year and enter 2009. A couple of additional items. We continue to receive inquiries regarding our exposure to financially-challenged firms. As we've previously stated, any exposure is not material. We remain diligent in our credit review practices and have reduce our credit exposures to counterparties, where we felt prudent. We've also received inquiries about investments in our pension plan, and given the recent performance of the market, if additional funding in 2008 or 2009 will be required. We are reviewing our plan assets and will complete our 2009 annual actuarial study soon after our December 31st plan measurement date. Like most other companies, we have experienced a decline in our pension plan assets. However, the discount rate used to calculate our projected benefit obligation has increased, which lowers our pension liability. The exact amount of contributions in expense for 2009 will not be known until we complete the annual review. However, for 2008, we are not required to make any additional contributions and we do not expect that our funding requirements in 2009 will have a material impact on our liquidity. We've also reaffirmed ONEOK's net income guidance for 2008 and narrowed the range to $2.95 to $3.05 per diluted share, from the previous guidance of $2.90 to $3.10 per diluted share. This updated guidance reflects the higher ONEOK Partners' contribution offset by a lower earnings expectation by the energy services segment. John? That concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Curtis. Now, Jim Kneale will review ONEOK's operating performance. Jim?
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, John. I've already talked about ONEOK Partners' segment, so let's start with the energy services segment. We experienced an operating loss of $3.5 million during the third quarter of 2008, compared with an operating loss of $700,000 in the same period last year. As we've discussed in the past, the energy services segment typically follows a similar earnings pattern as its largest customers, the LDCs, which experienced higher earnings in the first and fourth quarters during the winter heating season and lower earnings in the second and third quarters. As you know, and we've already mentioned, during the third quarter, there was significant downward movement in natural gas prices. The NYMEX July contract closed at $13.10 per MMBtu and the November contract closed at $6.47, a change of almost $7. We also experienced daily natural gas prices in the Mid-Continent trading well below $2. This significant price reduction and lower projected summer/winter spread resulted in the energy services segment recording a $9.7 million write-down of our natural gas in storage. The movement in natural gas prices did provide some opportunities during the quarter, as we were able to capture optimization margins during these periods of price volatility. As a result, storage and marketing margins improved over last year, even though they were reduced by the inventory write-down. We've also contracted higher demand revenues related to our peaking services with our LDC customers than we had last year. However, as we look to the rest of the year, we've been significantly affected by the unusual pricing environment and weak summer/winter spreads. If you recall, at the end of the second quarter, I indicated that we would have to have summer/winter spreads of $1.50 to $1.80 to meet our earnings guidance. Those spreads have not materialized. As a result, we lowered our 2008 operating guidance to $93 million. Although, the results of the energy services segment this year are lower than we had hoped, we understand the reasons behind them. And as John mentioned, we are taking steps to address them. Now let's talk about the distribution segment. In the third quarter, the distribution segment performed as expected, with year-to-date results exceeding 2007, as new rate activities and cost control initiatives continue to yield positive results. Volumes for our core residential, commercial and industrial customers were consistent with last year, and transport volumes were strong for both the quarter and year-to-date. On the regulatory front, on July 30th, Oklahoma Natural Gas requested approval from the Oklahoma Corporation Commission to recover an additional $5 million annually for incremental capital investments. A stipulated agreement has been signed by all parties. If approved by the Commission, these capital recovery applications will contribute $12.6 million of annual margins beginning in 2009. On October 31st, we filed an application for an incentive-based general rate design in Oklahoma. This application was a joint and collaborative effort between the Oklahoma Commission staff and the company. If approved, this will enable us to make timely and streamlined annual filings through a rate structure designed to maintain the company's allowed rate of return. We appreciate the willingness of the Oklahoma Commission to consider new and innovative rate designs that promote utility infrastructure investment. We also remain focused on minimizing bad debt cost. As we discussed in the past, we currently have approved fuel related bad debt recovery mechanisms that cover the Kansas jurisdiction, our coldest territory, and approximately half of our Texas jurisdiction. On October 30th, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission hearing administrator recommend approval of a joint and stipulated agreement to allow for recovery of the fuel related portion of bad debt cost through the purchased gas adjustment mechanism in our Oklahoma jurisdiction. A hearing before the full commission is pending. If approved by the Commission, we will be able to begin deferring the gas portion of our bad debt costs above the amount included in the base rate beginning in January of 2009. Over the past three years, we've established a new level of financial performance in our distribution segment, using our integrative strategy focused on rate, cost control, and growth through efficient capital investment. And we remain committed to that strategy. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks Jim. As discussed, we have increased ONEOK Partners' 2008 earnings guidance and reaffirmed and narrowed the guidance range for ONEOK. ONEOK Partners' increased guidance reflects the strong performance of the NGL gathering and fractionation business. ONEOK's guidance reflects the strong performance of the ONEOK Partners segment, which offsets the lower energy service guidance, clearly demonstrating the benefits that ONEOK receives from its general partner and its 47.7% interest in ONEOK Partners through these increased earnings and cash flow. Our success this quarter with ONEOK's net income more than tripling and ONEOK Partners' more than doubling, as well as the completion of Overland Pass and continued progress on the other growth projects, is the result of the contributions and the commitment of our employees as well as hundreds of contractors. Without their hard work and commitment to getting the job done, our performance would not have been possible. And our thanks go to all of them. Operator, we're now ready to take questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Louis Shamie from ZLP.
Louis Shamie - ZLP: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Congratulations on a great quarter. I had a quick question regarding the write-down of the gas in storage of $9.7 million. Is that a true economic hit to you guys or is that something that's expected to reverse at some point?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Curtis, why don't you respond to that one.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Louis, this is Curtis. It is, the $9.7 million does reflect the it is an economic hit or an economic decrease in earnings.
Louis Shamie - ZLP: Okay, great. And then the other question I had was regarding gathering and fractionation, and capturing that spread between Conway and Mont Bellevue. Were you able to I guess, utilize more pipe capacity during this quarter and capture that spread on a higher amount of volumes or was it basically the same amount of volumes that you trade on that business in previous quarters?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Why don't Terry, why don't you answer that?
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Louis, we did see overall on our systems, we did see increased volume during the period. But as it relates specifically to this optimization activity, our volume has actually stayed fairly consistent and so, we did not, as it relates to optimization, increase the capacity we utilize on the barrels that we own, that come through that sterling pipeline.
Louis Shamie - ZLP: Okay, great. So it's purely just the increase in the spread that helped you guys there.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: That's correct.
Louis Shamie - ZLP: Okay, thanks a lot.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: And that spread that we are describing is a geographic spread between two points.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, regional. That's right.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Right.
Operator: The next question is from Rebecca Followill from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Good morning. On your $180 million to $160 million cash flow in '09, does that include anything from return of capital that you would get from gas coming out of storage? I'm assuming it doesn't, but if it doesn't then by reducing your capital obligations on storage and on pipelines and gas prices being lower, should you have a big swing in working capital next year?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Curtis, why don't you go ahead.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, Rebecca, when we talk about the free cash flow, that $160 million to $180 million number, that's exclusive of changes in our working capital. So, for example, if inventory is increasing or decreasing, it's not a part of that equation. So it's above the line for that. I'm sorry, could you repeat the second part of your question?
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: That's what I assumed, but I wanted to make sure that's so. If that's the case, and so next year on a working capital basis, if you're reducing your obligations on storage, you're not putting as much in so you don't have that working capital obligation and prices are lower and you're reducing your transportation obligations, wouldn't you guys see some net return of working capital next year?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yeah.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, that is correct.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Any way to quantify that at this point?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: If you want to take a stab at --
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: How much do you think the prices will be?
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: I'm waiting for you to do it.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: We're not price predictors, that's why we have structured the business so that we minimize that impact. But I think the math is correct. And the way the logic that you're thinking through it, we agree with that.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: And that's one of the reasons we're specifically looking at our storage capacity and our transport capacity and energy services.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay, thank you.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes. Thank you, Rebecca.
Operator: The next question is from John Olson from Houston Energy Partners.
John Olson - Houston Energy Partners: Gentlemen, good morning. Several questions. One, what is your idea or rough idea if you can come up with one as to what your actual capital spending will be next year? Secondly, including ONEOK Partners and the like, but secondly, what is your what are the rating agencies telling you lately?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay. Well the answer to the first question is that we've not come out with our 2009 plan, but we have, when we were in New York, shared with the audience that as it relates to OKS, and I think Curtis might have mentioned this, we're around $350 million to $375 million of anticipated growth capital. Our maintenance capital, I think, runs around $80 million to $90 million per year. So that OKS, and on OKE, I'm not sure that we have announced that. But we know no reason why it would be dissimilar to last year, or the year that we are currently in, okay? And then as far as the rating agencies, I think probably Curtis is the best person to address that.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: John, just last week Moody's reaffirmed the rating for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, and earlier this summer S&P had done the same thing. Both of those were following our reviews with each of them earlier this year, as well as several follow-up calls in the interim. And both of those are a stable outlook as well.
John Olson - Houston Energy Partners: Thank you very much.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: You're welcome.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, John.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question is from Dennis Coleman from Bank of America.
Dennis Coleman - Bank of America: Yes, thanks, good morning. I wonder, you mentioned that you have added liquidity to get through the spending cycle. You drew done your bank line, so I wanted kind of two things. If you could talk about your thought process in preemptively drawing down the bank lines and the logic there, and then perhaps a little bit on your views of what changes, or how much better the capital markets would need to get before you would consider terming out some of those needs?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Oh boy. That second one's a doozy. First, probably, on the thought process, Curtis, why don't you take Dennis through that.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes. Dennis, it was really just looking at what was happening in the overall credit markets. We were coming in to fairly critical times, both in terms of our highest working capital needs at ONEOK because of, we were finishing or we were at the time finishing our injection season and wanted to make sure that we had the availability to complete that. As you probably, or as I'm sure you know, kind of the end of September, early part of October, we were starting to see the commercial paper markets getting a lot tighter. We've typically accessed the CP markets to fund working capital needs for ONEOK. But once that started we decided to start using the revolvers because of that illiquidity. As well, it was just cheaper to borrow under those facilities directly. As far as the thought process of getting ahead, it was just to make sure that if the overall credit markets continued to worsen from that September, early October timeframe, that it wouldn't have an impact with us, we would have already pre-funded. The working capital that we needed for ONEOK as well has pre-funded the capital we were getting ready to spend at the partnership.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: I think on the latter question, really, you have to look to the first and the answer to the first. To have a view as to when we think the capital markets will grow stronger to the point where we resume more normal activities, that's a tough one for us to predict. And so, what we will do, since we're not able to predict it, just like we're not able to predict pricing, is remain as flexible as we can, which is evidenced by what we did drawing down our revolvers.
Dennis Coleman - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Rajul Aggarwal from Marathon Asset Management.
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: Good morning. Sorry, my phone was on mute. Quick question, you're usually, you said that there is short-term debt of about $1 billion in the ONEOK level. Just wanted to see if the credit markets don't improve from here or if they get worse, how do you manage to tackle or how do you plan to tackle that $1 billion short-term debt?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Rajul, I'm sorry, was your question at ONEOK?
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: Yes, at the ONEOK, the corporate level.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: At the corporate level. Well, the majority of those borrowings are funding our working capital needs. So, as I mentioned, we have about $900 million of gas in storage at energy services and the distribution companies. As we head into the heating season, we begin withdrawing that gas, and obviously start converting it to cash. And so, that's how that will be repaid as we start to come out of the heating season and again, have converted that to cash.
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: Got it. Have you specified, I mean, as to the $900 million of gas, at what price of gas is that $900 million, or is it completely hashed?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: That's natural gas we have in storage. It's not purchases. A portion of that is with the regulated entities, so that's a pass-through cost. And then a portion of it, the larger portion of it is with energy services.
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: What I meant for is, I mean, in the dollar amount there is an inherent price of gas embedded in there. Could you share with us as to what that embedded price of gas on the energy services side would be?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: No, we do not provide that information.
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: Got it. A similar question on the Partners side as to the short-term debt and how do you plan to tackle that?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, in these credit markets we plan to continue to carry it as part of the revolver. As I mentioned in my comments, the cash that we have on hand as well as the capacity that we still have on the revolver, we'll use both of those to carry us through our capital spending program for the balance of 2008 and until the latter part of 2009. The partnership's a little bit different from ONEOK in the sense that it does not have the peak working capital cycles. So really, its revolver is used primarily to support that growth capital program. And so as we continue to build those projects and incur those costs, it'll continue to fund that, again, until the latter part of 2009.
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: Okay. Just one last quick one. If need be, could you give us an estimate as to how much gas ONEOK could provide to ONEOK Partners, just to manage the short-term liquidity needs?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: I mean, I think again, maybe perhaps you could look at the past, see the appetite that ONEOK has had in buying OKS units, which I would say is the most logical way in which there would be a cash infusion, would be in purchase of equity. And I think you can look at the historical and get some sense as to a pro rata share. And I think we mentioned that in the last equity offering in March, that ONEOK purchased three quarters of the amount that was issued.
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: Okay. So what you're saying is there's no reason to believe that the historical plan will be changed either for more or for less?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well ONEOK Inc. will always look at its alternatives of where it's going to invest its cash, its dollars. And one of the more attractive investments has been buying ONEOK Partners' units, but that due diligence in thought process will continue. My comment is that, speaking from ONEOK perspective is that, that investment continues to be a very attractive investment. It doesn't mean it won't change over time.
Rajul Aggarwal - Marathon Asset Management: Understood. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Yves Siegel from Aroya Capital [ph].
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Thanks and good morning.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Good morning.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Could you just define what the transportation charge is between Conway and Mont Belvieu. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is at what point in time does that arbitrage sort of go away?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: We've never shared that information. But I will let Terry Spencer attempt to describe as close as he can how that arrangement works.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, we really don't transport under transportation arrangements, barrels, through those pipelines. We hold, gathering and frac holds that capacity and enters into exchange arrangements with its customers, and then it redelivers those purity products out of the field and then into the market areas. So we really don't have classic transportation arrangements.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: See, and that's how we provide a service to a producer, by taking their barrel in the Mid-Continent and redelivering, say taking a raw barrel in the Mid-Continent, and redelivering a finished product in different markets. And we do that by bundling all these services together.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Okay. Obviously I didn't do that well on the tutorial that you guys gave.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: But Yves, I mean, if you just look at the ethane differential between Conway and Belvieu, I think it was like $0.24, $0.25 on average. In 2007 it was a nickel. And you can look at the profitability of that segment when it was a nickel versus the profitability of the segment when it was $0.24, and you can see that even at a nickel, it's still profitable.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Okay.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: So you could draw some conclusions if but that's not a completely inaccurate analysis or conclusion.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Okay. I appreciate it. And two more quick ones. Jim, in his comments, mentioned that he didn't see any shut-ins or diminishment in volumes from producers as of yet. What areas would you be most concerned with? Or I guess the other way to think about it is, what are the high cost areas that would probably go down first?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: We actually like our position in all of our areas. We think that the lifting cost from a natural gas perspective and a crude perspective is very attractive in all of our areas. One thing I might point out, is that if you look back over the last five years, we have experienced different levels of pricing on crude and natural gas, and we've been able to keep our volumes in a very close tolerance, to within plus or minus 2% so we don't see that materially changing for that.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay.. So you might repeat what basins or regions we're in.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay. The basins that we're in, we're in the Williston Basin, we're in the Wind River Basin, the Powder River Basin, the Anadarko Basin and the Central Kansas Uplift, which is around the Wichita Kansas Basin.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: So that diversity is providing that benefit that you're referring to.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Are you concerned at all about the Rockies.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, our exposure to the Rockies, Yves, is from a natural gas perspective and the I'll kind of throw that over to Terry, but is in the Williston Basin, and we're not seeing an impact up there, and the Powder River also. So, no I'm not, the answer is no.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Yes, but, I guess, I was thinking about the liquids?
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, Yves this is Terry. In the Rockies, we really like our position there primarily because of the quite frankly, the low natural gas values, the low fuel and shrink values for our processors. So I really don't have a great concern about that region as it relates to ethane extraction or producing NGLs for that matter.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: So said it another way, your lower cost of fuel and shrink in the Rockies, because of the lower net back on pricing is an advantage to a processor as they produce a barrel that has ethane, propane, butanes in it.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President of ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: That's correct. I think the areas that you have to be more concerned about are in the Texas Gulf Coast, Louisiana, where fuel and shrink values are very high, relative to the other regions. So those are areas where processors are going to be challenged and we really don't have facilities operating in those areas, other than of course, our fractionation facilities at Mont Belvieu.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: And then the last question is, given the pain that some guys are feeling, how would you describe the consolidation opportunities for you right now.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Much greater today than they were a year or two ago, actually. Just in the last month, we have had more inquiries and conversations with the people about opportunities to acquire assets or groups of assets, and there's even some perhaps opportunities to buy entire businesses. So as we've said before, we'll be financially disciplined, but it does appear that opportunities are presenting themselves.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: To say it another way, you have an appetite.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: And we have an appetite.
Yves Siegel - Aroya Capital: Okay. Great, thanks a lot guys.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes sir.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question is from Gracie Juan [ph] from JPMorgan.
Gracie Juan - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Good morning Gracie.
Gracie Juan - JPMorgan: I was just wondering if you could help us by walking through your hedging program, quite possibly in '09, in your amount because I'm just trying to figure out how do you guys balance risk mitigation versus higher pricing.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK, Inc. and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: First thing I would point you to Gracie, is that the segment of the partnership that is subject to exposure to commodity price change, is our Gathering and Processing segment. And we provide in our press release specific sensitivities as it relates to crude and gas and to condensate, or crude oil. So we've provided that information, that sensitivity and our hedging program are focused on our Gathering and Processing segment in OKS. And I would ask Pierce Norton to run us through where we what our larger gas and how employ that.
Pierce Norton - Executive Vice President ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay. Gracie, this is Pierce. What we do is we take a look at all the different products all the way from methane down to gasoline and condensate, and when you look at in the future at various times those each of those products have different backwardations. So on the light ends one of the things that we look at is your crude to gas ratio that John just mentioned, we also look at how that relates to natural gas. And so, what we saw this past year is as we looked out, we often saw that the models told us that we would actually be an ethane rejection if we were to lock in some ethane process at the time. So the other thing is that we will end with various levels of products. So right now we have a waiting as you can tell from our current model, that's more weighted towards the heavier products and that's what driving up those prices there. So that's basically it. And we have a group that actually looks at this on a daily basis and we use a layered in approach.
Gracie Juan - JPMorgan: Okay, thanks. And my second question is, how do you see the ramp in potential producer CapEx cutting would be affecting new contract roll-offs or for example contracts in terms of the legacy systems, for example has there been more leverage on the supplier side in terms of negotiations?
Pierce Norton - Executive Vice President ONEOK and Executive Vice President, Natural Gas of ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Gracie, this is Pierce again. I will take that question. As far as capital goes toward funding the drill bit, it tends to be more towards those companies that fund their drilling out of their cash flows and we have a wide range of producers in our portfolio and that does not seem to be a problem with us. They tend to set their budgets and tend to stick to them, so we are not as concerned about that, that doesn't say that they couldn't have some decreases in their drilling budgets. But as Jim has mentioned in his comments, we have not seen that through October and a follow-up to the comment I made a while ago, we have experienced different pricing levels and we have been able to keep our volumes in a very close tolerance over the last five years.
Gracie Juan - JPMorgan: Okay. That's it. Thank you.
Dan Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affair: Okay. Well, thank you all. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners call. As a reminder, our quite period for the fourth quarter will start when we close our books in early January 2009, and will extend until earnings are released. We'll provide a reporting date and conference call information for the fourth quarter at a later date. Christy Williamson and I will available throughout the day for follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-09-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison  VP, IR and Public Affairs John Gibson  Chairman and CEO Curtis Dinan  EVP, CFO and Treasurer Jim Kneale  President and COO
Analysts:  John Olson  Houston Energy Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Kathleen Vuchetich  WH Reaves & Co. Yves Siegel  Wachovia Capital Mark Easterbrook  RBC Capital Markets Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners  
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin your conference. 
Dan Harrison:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome, everyone. As we begin this morning's conference call, I remind you that any statements that might include ONEOK, or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, which are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. It is important to note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, John Gibson, who serves as CEO of ONEOK, and Chairman, President and CEO of ONEOK partners. John? 
John Gibson:  Thanks, Dan and good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our call today and for your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me today are Jim Kneale, President and Chief Operating Officer for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Our agenda this morning is following a few opening remarks, Curtis will review ONEOK Partners' financial performance followed by Jim who will review the partnership's operating performance. Then we will return back to Curtis who will review ONEOK's financial performance and Jim will then review ONEOK's operating performance. Then I will make a few closing comments and conclude our call with a question and answer period. As indicated in our earnings news release yesterday, ONEOK had a strong second quarter with exceptional performance by the ONEOK Partners segment and solid results from the distribution segment. However, our energy services segment experience lower second quarter results, primarily as a result of lower transportation margins. ONEOK Partners second quarter results were up more than 60%, benefiting from higher realized commodity prices and increased processed volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing business. New supply connections and increased fractionation volumes drove the increases in our NGL gathering and fractionation business. And the incremental earnings from our North system, the NGL and refined petroleum products pipeline system we acquired last October benefited our NGL pipelines business. The distribution segment was up slightly in the second quarter as a result of the newly implemented capital and expense recovery mechanisms in Oklahoma. Jim will review each of the segment's second quarter results in more detail in a few minutes. First, let us take a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners. Curtis Dinan will review the financial highlights. Curtis? 
Curtis Dinan:  Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. ONEOK Partners delivered exceptional results in the second quarter. Net income increased 63% to $155 million or $1.46 per unit compared with $95 million or $0.97 per unit in the second quarter of 2007. Distributable cash flow increased to $177 million compared with $122 million in the second quarter of 2007. During the second quarter of 2008, all four of our segments showed improved results compared with 2007. Our natural gas gathering and processing segment had an exceptional quarter, benefiting primarily from strong commodity prices. For the balance of 2008, in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, we have hedged prices on 74% of our expected production on both NGLs and condensate at an average price of $1.38 per gallon. We have also placed hedges for the remainder of the year on 54% of our expected natural gas volumes at $9.35 per MMBTU. Looking forward to 2009, we have placed hedges on 30% of our expected NGL and condensate production at an average price of $2.22 per gallon. We review each product separately and are continually looking for opportunities to minimize commodity price risk. We use a combination of commodity specific swaps and over-the-counter basis swaps to hedge our commodity price exposure. I want to emphasize that we do not use crude oil futures to hedge our natural gas liquid sales, a practice commonly referred to as dirty hedges. The balance of the partnership's revenues is primarily fee-based, so hedging activities are limited to our natural gas gathering and processing segment. During the first half of 2008 the partnership has invested $504 million on growth capital projects, primarily for the Overland Pass Pipeline and related NGL infrastructure upgrades, the Arbuckle Pipeline, and the Guardian Pipeline extension. These investments have been financed with our revolving credit agreement and the equity offering completed in March of this year. With $76 million of cash on hand and approximately $850 million available under the revolving credit agreement at July 31, the partnership is well positioned to continue to fund its growth capital projects that will begin contributing incremental EBITDA later this year. This July, ONEOK Partners increased its quarterly distribution to an annualized rate of $4.24 per unit. This is our tenth consecutive distribution increase since the drop down of the ONEOK assets in April of 2006. During this period, the partnership has increased distributions by 33%, demonstrating our commitment to growing unit holder distributions. And lastly, we raised our 2008 net income guidance to the range of $5.20 to $5.60 per unit, an increase from our previous guidance of $4.10 to $4.60 per unit. We also raised the expected distributable cash flow to a range of $585 million to $625 million. These increases reflect the strong first half performance in all four segments, continued volume growth in both the natural gas and natural gas liquids businesses, and continued strong commodity prices. The average unhedged prices for 2008 were updated to $120 per barrel for crude oil, $1.65 per gallon for composite NGLs, and $9.20 per MMBTU for natural gas. But, as I mentioned, the majority of our commodity exposure in the partnership is hedged for the remainder of 2008. John, that concludes my remarks regarding the partnership's financials. 
John Gibson:  Thanks, Curtis. Now let's turn to Jim Kneale, ONEOK Partners President and Chief Operating Officer to discuss the partnership's operating performance. Jim? 
Jim Kneale:  Thanks, John, and good morning. As John and Curtis mentioned, the partnership had an outstanding second quarter. Let us review each of the business segments. The natural gas gathering and processing segment's second quarter operating income increased 65% and year-to-date results increased 76% compared with the same periods in 2007. Higher NGL crude oil and natural gas prices were the primary drivers of these increases. The segment also benefitted from higher throughput in 2008. Increased drilling activity continues to provide additional opportunities to replace natural production declines and for growth. So far this year, we have connected over 200 wells to our system, a 15% increase over the same period in 2007. Our contract mix by volume has remained relatively unchanged the past two years at 60% fee-based, 32% of proceeds, and 8% keep hold. We are pleased with the progress we have made in the restructuring of the contracts, providing a more stable earning stream while allowing upside potential, and we do not expect material changes to our existing mix in the future. As Curtis mentioned, we have also been proactive through hedging to minimize the risk associated with the commodity price volatility and provide for more predictable performance on both our percent of proceeds and keep hold contracts. The natural gas pipeline segment second quarter 2008 operating income results increased 50% and year-to-date results improved more than 20% compared with the same periods in 2007. The growth reflects an increase in transportation margins, which came primarily from higher throughput and the impact that higher natural gas prices had on our net retained fuel position. Storage margins also improved compared with the second quarter of 2007, due primarily to higher storage fees as a result of new and renegotiated contracts. Another contributing factor to the quarter's growth was lower operating costs, which decreased 17% from the same period last year, mainly due to lower ad valorem taxes and timing of operations and maintenance costs. This segment has begun construction on the guardian pipeline expansion in the Green Bay, Wisconsin. We are now estimating the cost to be in a range of $277 million to $305 million. As with any construction project of this magnitude, cost and completion dates are affected by a number of regulatory and environmental variables, in addition to factors such as weather, the amount of rock encountered, and increasing right of way cost. Changes in the right of way cost along the Guardian route are to some degree the result of rising corn and soybean prices, which have affected the value of the land. We will continue to keep you updated on our progress, but we currently anticipate the pipeline being in service by year-end. Now let us take a look at the two natural gas liquid segments, both of which had another outstanding quarter. The Natural Gas Liquids  Gathering & Fractionation segment's second quarter operating income increased 31% over the same period in 2007. Driving most of the increase was higher throughput from continued NGL supply growth in the midcontinent. 2008 second quarter results also benefited from wider regional NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu, offset by narrow product prices differentials between iso and normal butane. Year-to-date results improved 36% compared with the same period in 2007. Again, the leading driver was increased throughput across the system. Volumes gathered increased 16% and volumes fractionated increased 14%. Also contributing to the earnings increase were wider regional NGL price differentials. Our continued focus on growing NGL supplies has led to higher asset utilization rates that now exceed 90%. This supply growth is one of the key drivers for our NGL storage fractionation and pipeline infrastructure expansion projects in Kansas and Oklahoma. In the second quarter of 2008, we completed most of these expansion projects. The cost increased slightly from the $216 million previously announced, mainly as a result of further increasing the capacity of the previously-idled Bushton, Kansas fractionator by an additional 30,000 barrels per day. Initially, we planned to increase the capacity of the fractionator from 80,000 to 120,000 barrels per day. However, due to increased demand, we increased the total capacity to 150,000 barrels per day. Costs were also slightly higher due to increases experienced in construction labor rates and material costs as well as delays from frequent heavy rainfall this spring. Also, as a part of these expansions, we have upgraded the storage at Bushton to accommodate additional ethane propane product and constructed 135-mile purity product distribution pipeline from the Bushton complex to our Medford, Oklahoma complex where product can be moved to Mont Belvieu, Texas through our existing and newly-expanded Sterling distribution pipeline. This increased infrastructure capacity, much of which is currently online, will accommodate our new NGL supplies from the Rockies as well as future growth in the midcontinent. Upon final completion of these projects in the third quarter of 2008, we will have increased our total fractionation capacity to 549,000 barrels per day, up from 399,000 barrels per day. Our Natural Gas Liquids Pipelines segment also had a great second quarter, with operating income increasing 18% over the same period in 2007 and NGL volumes transported increasing 35% over that same time. For the first half of 2008, operating income increased 39% and NGL volumes transported increased more than 40% or 89,000 barrels per day. Most of these increases are due to the addition of the 1,600-mile NGL and refined petroleum products pipeline system we acquired in October 2007 as well as continued supply growth that I previously talked about in our NGL gathering & fractionation segment. Now let us review the status of some of our largest projects in our natural gas liquids business. We continue to make progress on the construction of the Overland Pass Pipeline. We have completed approximately 730 of the 760 miles of the pipeline. As you may recall, the Wyoming office of the Federal Bureau of Land Management requested that we temporarily idle construction in certain restricted areas to accommodate the seasonal migration patterns of big game animals, the nesting activities of birds of prey, and the sage grouse habitat. As of August 1st, both the sage grouse and raptor restrictions have expired and construction in these restricted areas is now underway. However, we may continue to be affected in certain areas due to the potential presence of nesting birds. As the nesting activities run their natural course, we still expect to have much of the pipeline operational beginning in the third quarter with the remainder of the line coming on in the fourth quarter. The current total cost estimate for the Overland Pass is between $575 million and $590 million, reflecting the anticipated 10% cost increase caused by the delays that we mentioned during our conference call last quarter. Although our costs have increased, so have the throughput commitments, resulting in continued very favorable economics for this project. Overland Pass will provide much needed NGL take away capacity in the Rockies. Potential new development in the region continues to exceed our original expectations. The volumes committed to Overland Pass Pipeline are approaching 140,000 barrels per day, which includes the previously announced Williams commitment for 60,000 barrels, with growth prospects under development for up to an additional 60,000 more barrels per day over the next three to five years. We have previously mentioned our ability to expand the pipeline with minimal cost to 220,000 barrels per day; and after further engineering evaluation, we now have the capability to expand Overland Pass up to 255,000 barrels per day, with additional pump facilities. Construction of the Arbuckle Pipeline is well under way. In our last call, we mentioned timing and cost could be affected by factors such as the uncertainty of weather, right of way acquisitions and construction labor. Pipeline right of way costs have increased dramatically in the recent months as Barnett Shale development has increased with the demand and costs for easements to unprecedented levels. We recently completed negotiations with pipeline contractors, providing us with better visibility into the expected labor cost, compared with what we had estimated more than a year-and-a-half ago. To reflect these increased costs, we have updated the pipeline project estimate, which we now expect to be $340 million to $360 million. Much like Overland Pass, new processing plant development and the timing of NGL volumes coming online along Arbuckle are also exceeding our original estimates. While the pipeline is designed with a capacity to transport 160,000 barrels per day of unfractionated NGLs, it can be expanded to over 210,000 barrels per day with additional pump facilities. At the time of start up in 2009, we currently expect Arbuckle to be shipping approximately 65,000 barrels per day of dedicated NGLs to our Mont Belvieu fractionator and other facilities in the Texas Gulf Coast, with another 20,000 barrels per day expected from new plant dedications that are currently under negotiation. Based upon our current commitments and producers' projections of increased production, and indications of interest from NGL producers, we are projecting Arbuckle throughput to reach its maximum capacity of 210,000 barrels per day within the next three to five years as the development of new processing plants continue in Oklahoma, North Texas, and in the Barnett Shale. As Curtis mentioned, we are increasing the partnership's earnings and cash flow guidance for 2008. In addition to strong results in the first half of 2008 in all four business segments, we expect commodity prices to be higher than the levels we provided in our previous guidance, benefiting the natural gas gathering and processing and pipeline segments. As we have mentioned earlier, we have hedges in place for the rest of 2008 on the majority of our commodity exposure in the partnership. Higher commodity prices, combined with higher NGL throughput in our natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation segment will more than offset the impact of Overland Pass Pipeline coming on later than originally anticipated. Looking at the EBITDA projections for the growth projects that we have previously provided, the numbers have improved due to increased volume projections on several of the projects and moved around somewhat, primarily due to the delay in Overland Pass. The 2008 EBITDA projection has been reduced about $24 million due to the delay on Overland Pass, which is reflected in our revised 2008 guidance for the NGL pipeline segment. The projection for 2009 EBITDA for the growth project is unchanged at $260 million. The 2010 projection of $300 million is now estimated at $360 million, up 20%. We expect this number to grow in 2011 and beyond as NGL volumes continue to grow. Finally, I'd like to recognize the partnership's Mont Belvieu, Texas fractionator employees who were recognized last month by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration for achieving three years of excellence in employee health and safety. John, that concludes my remarks. 
John Gibson:  Thanks, Jim. Before we turn our focus to ONEOK, I'd like to make a few additional comments on the partnership's growth activities. As you've just heard, ONEOK Partners is continuing to make good progress on its internally-generated growth projects. And as I have mentioned before, we have identified a slate of new projects, not yet announced, that will require capital investments averaging $300 million to $500 million a year between 2010 and 2015. Managing these costs and schedules for these projects remain a top priority for me and the rest of the management team. I'd like to put the cost increases and delays that we have experienced on some projects into perspective. More than two years ago, we purchased the pipe for our three announced NGL pipeline projects  Overland Pass, the Piceance Lateral, and the Arbuckle Pipeline. This was a good decision for our company, as it enabled us to avoid the significant run up in steel prices that the industry has experienced and is facing today. In fact, we estimate this decision saved almost $100 million of additional capital costs. What we did not forecast correctly, however, was the increase in labor costs we have incurred since the Overland Pass and Arbuckle Pipeline projects were first planned and announced several years ago. And, as we have shared with you before, Overland Pass has also experienced some regulatory delays. These two factors alone have contributed to most if not all of the cost increases and start up delays on Overland Pass. In hindsight, we should have reacted more quickly at the beginning of the project to resolve a regulatory delay that affected the receipt of our initial permit; a delay that resulted in our having to construct portions of the pipeline during one of Wyoming's harshest winters in a generation. The delay in receiving our permit not only delayed our pipeline start up, it also added the additional labor costs associated with winter construction. So on Overland Pass, the lesson learned was to focus the necessary resources on the front end of the project to better understand both regulatory and wildlife issues. On Arbuckle Pipeline, the initial cost estimate was developed more than a year-and-a-half ago. We underestimated the magnitude of the labor cost increases we have experienced and the difficulty and cost of acquiring right of way in the Barnett Shale area near Forth Worth, where we have been buying easement by the foot rather than by the rod. While the steel cost increase did not affect the cost of pipe for Arbuckle, these increases did have an effect on the cost of valves and fittings. Both Overland Pass and Arbuckle are still economically attractive projects, provide a much-needed service for producers and processors, and are key to our growth in the NGL sector. Even with these increased costs, these projects remain very attractive investments, principally because of the hard work and tenacity of our commercial teams as they have secured more NGL volumes that will flow earlier than we initially anticipated. This has allowed us to expand the capacity of and throughput commitments on these two pipelines to offset the increased costs and avoid any adverse effect on either project's economics, while again, meeting the needs of our customers. These current announced projects still provide us with attractive returns at an equivalent multiple of EBITDA of six times or better; or said another way, an unlevered pre-tax return on invested capital in the range of 12% to 14%. As Jim mentioned, the timing of the EBITDA from these projects has shifted somewhat with 2010 EBITDA expected to be approximately 20% higher to $360 million from $300 million. And EBITDA from these projects will continue to ramp up beyond 2010. Now let us turn our focus to ONEOK, where Curtis will review the second quarter financial highlights. Curtis? 
Curtis Dinan:  Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income in the second quarter of 2008 was $42 million or $0.39 per diluted share, a 19% increase compared with net income of $35 million or $0.31 per diluted share in 2007. As Jim will discuss in more detail, the distribution segments operating income was comparable with 2007, while energy services operating income was lower than expected, primarily as a result of reduced transportation margins. As previously stated, our ONEOK Partners segment performed very well during the quarter. Following the partnership's recent distribution announcement, its annualized distribution has increased by $0.24 per unit when compared with what was paid a year ago. This distribution increase results in an additional $10.2 million of annual cash flow from the limited partner units that ONEOK owns. Also compared with one year ago, the incentive distributions ONEOK receives as general partner have increased by $26 million annually. Furthermore, with the growth and earnings anticipated at ONEOK Partners as a result of the current slate of growth projects, we expect future distribution increases at the partnership, which will continue to create earnings and cash flow growth for ONEOK. Standalone cash flows from operations, excluding the effects of working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividends by $95 million for the first half of 2008. For the full year of 2008, we anticipate that free cash flows will be in the $180 million to $200 million range, giving us additional investment flexibility. ONEOK ended the second quarter with approximately $680 million of commercial paper outstanding, and approximately $570 million of natural gas in storage. With the increase in natural gas prices, we have experienced an increase in margin calls related to our hedges used in our energy services segment. Additionally, as we inject gas in storage for use in the upcoming heating season, and hedge our transportation positions, we expect our working capital requirements to increase compared with prior years. To provide the liquidity to meet these higher working capital demands, we have secured a $400 million, 364-day credit agreement effective today. The 364-day credit agreement, combined with our existing $1.2 billion credit facility, will be used to support our commercial paper program. Based on current prices and the amount of gas we have already injected in storage, we expect that our working capital needs for the upcoming heating season to peak at approximately $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion during the first quarter of 2009. We have received inquiries recently from various stakeholders regarding our exposure to the bankruptcy filing by Sim Group and certain of its subsidiaries. These inquires have centered on reports listing ONEOK and ONEOK Partners as creditors of Sim Group. ONEOK Partners has sold condensate and natural gas liquids products to Sim Group in the ordinary course of business and ONEOK has provided nominal natural gas utility services to various Sim Group locations. The receivables from product sales are secured by letters of credit issued by double-A rated National Bank. Net of these letters of credit, we do not expect ONEOK or ONEOK Partners to have a material exposure to Sim Group. Our limited financial exposure to Sim Group is a direct result of the diligence of the employees in our credit group and the established policies and procedures we follow. We remain diligent in our credit review practices and have also reduced our credit exposures to other counter parties where we felt prudent. And lastly, we have increased ONEOK's net income guidance for 2008 and narrowed the range to $2.90 to $3.10 per diluted share from the previous guidance of $2.75 to $3.15 per diluted share. The distribution segment's operating income guidance increased slightly to reflect its strong performance in the first half of 2008. We have lowered the operating income guidance of our energy services segment as a result of lower than expected transportation, storage, and marketing margins. And, as we have discussed, our ONEOK Partners segments' operating income guidance has increased, bringing additional earnings and cash flow to ONEOK. John, that concludes my remarks. 
John Gibson:  Thank you, Curtis. And now Jim Kneale will review ONEOK's operating performance. Jim? 
Jim Kneale:  Thanks, John. I've already talked about the ONEOK Partners segments, so let us start with energy services. As Curtis mentioned, earnings from this segment were below our expectations. We experienced an operating loss of $4.4 million during the second quarter, compared with income of $10.2 million in the same period last year. As we have talked about in the past, the energy services segment typically experiences a seasonal earnings pattern that follows the profile of our largest customers, the LBCs, which experience higher earnings the first and fourth quarters and lower earnings in the second and third quarters. We continue to sign up additional 2008, 2009 winter season no notice peaking contracts with our LDC customers, who see tremendous value in this service. We expect our contracted service commitments to meet or exceed last year's. However, as we have stated before, this business is not immune to this challenging pricing environment. Our second quarter earnings decrease was primarily driven by the contraction of the transportation basis differential between the Rocky Mountain and midcontinent regions. Although we had most of this basis hedged to provide a little more color, the market basis differential was $0.62 in this just completed second quarter versus $2.72 in the same period last year. Transportation margins account for a little more than a quarter of our operating income on an annual basis. Also, during the second quarter, there was little price volatility despite the significant rise in the value of natural gas. Natural gas volatility in the quarter averaged less than 40%. The continual rise in prices during the quarter provided us very low opportunity to optimize around our least asset positions, similar to what we experienced in the first quarter. So far, the third quarter has shown some increase in volatility, which may provide us with some optimization opportunities. Summer to winter storage spreads have also remained narrow. For example, the September to December 2008 NYMEX storage spreads are in the $0.90 range. As a result, we have lowered our four-year earnings guidance in the segment to $142 million. This guidance contemplates that storage spreads will widen later in the year to the $1.50 to $1.80 per MCF range and that natural gas price volatility will also increase to a more historical level. Although we are disappointed with the results this quarter, we understand the reasons behind them and are encouraged with our growing no notice contract portfolio. Now let us talk about the distribution segment. The distribution segment delivered solid results for the quarter as margins increased and we successfully managed operating costs. Second quarter retail volumes reflected seasonal consumption patterns and were down slightly compared with the prior year. Year-to-date retail volumes were consistent with last year and transportation volumes increased for both the quarter and year-to-date period because of addition of new customers and increased usage. Our rate mechanisms continue to provide earning stability through timely capital and expense recovery. The Oklahoma capital recovery mechanism, effective in March of this year, contributed approximately $2.3 million in margins for the quarter and is projected to contribute $7.6 million in total for 2008. We continued to execute our strategy of filing smaller, more frequent rate recovery mechanisms. On July 30th, we requested approval from the Oklahoma Corporation Commission to recover an additional $5 million annually for incremental capital investments. If approved as proposed, this capital recovery mechanism will contribute $12.6 million of annual margin in the future. Also in July, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission approved an expense recovery mechanism that will allow collection of an additional $7.2 million for pipeline integrity management costs that we had previously incurred and deferred. Operating results in Texas improved due to the benefit of the $3.1 million annual rate settlement in our El Paso jurisdiction, along with one month's benefit of the South Texas rate case. During the quarter, we filed a $1.1 million application for capital recovery in El Paso, accompanied by capital recovery and cost of service adjustments in some of our smaller Texas jurisdictions. While our bad debt levels are trending favorably in comparison with regional and national industry benchmarks, we are taking additional proactive measures to minimize future bad debt cost, given the projections of higher commodity prices this winter. Actions underway include a risk mitigation strategy that incorporates education, customer programs, and regulatory and operational initiatives. We already have fuel-related bad debt recovery mechanisms that cover the Kansas jurisdiction, our coldest territory, and some of our Texas jurisdictions, our warmest territories. And yesterday, we filed for fuel-related bad debt recovery in Oklahoma, our largest service territory. Our integrated strategy in the distribution segment focused on rates, cost control, and growth through efficient capital investment has continued to deliver positive results, and we remain committed to that strategy. On a final note, we are pleased to be recognized as leading performers in the 2008 American Gas Association Operations Best Practices Benchmarking Program for emergency response. All three of our utilities ranked in the top quartile, demonstrating our continued commitment to safety and operational excellence. John, that concludes my remarks. 
John Gibson:  Thanks, Jim. Before opening it up to questions, let me make just a few additional comments. As discussed, we have updated and increased both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners 2008 earnings and guidance. The increases reflect the strong first half performance of ONEOK Partners and the expectation that the partnership will continue to benefit from volume growth in both natural gas and natural liquids businesses as well as the continuing strong commodity prices, which even though currently lower than the earlier highs this year, are still expected to be significantly higher than last year's levels. We are also raising guidance for distribution, reflecting our strong first half performance in this segment, but are lowering energy services guidance to reflect the lower first half performance and the lower storage transportation and marketing margins we anticipate for the balance of the year. Although it is typical for this segment to experience lower earnings in the second and third quarters, we have and we will continue to review this segment's performance, particularly the impact that lower natural gas price volatility and seasonal storage differentials will have on its future earnings potential. One final note on energy services, the employees in this business have performed exceptionally and have not been content to just accept the market conditions we are experiencing. They are conducting a thorough review of all aspects of the business, looking for opportunities to mitigate the adverse market conditions and build a better and stronger business. ONEOK's updated guidance also illustrates the benefits that ONEOK receives from its general partner and its 47.7% interest in ONEOK Partners. Our interests are clearly aligned, demonstrating that ONEOK Partners is ONEOK's growth vehicle. We are pleased with the quarter's performance and as our increased guidance indicates, very confident that we are well positioned to maintain that momentum and continue to grow in the future. Our success this quarter and year in and year out is the result of the contributions and commitment of our 4,500 plus employees. Without their hard work, our performance would not have been possible. My thanks to all of them. Operator, we are now ready for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) The first question is from John Olson from Houston Energy. 
John Olson  Houston Energy:  Hello, gentlemen. 
John Gibson:  Hello, John. 
John Olson  Houston Energy:  The  what I was interested in mainly is what the capital spending profile now looks like for 2008? And John or Jim, you mentioned the spending at OKS at $300 million to $500 million a year going out, but what does the overall profile look for '08, '09 and I know you can't be precise about '10, '11, and '12, but what kind of numbers are you looking at? 
John Gibson:  Curtis, do you want to answer that one? 
Curtis Dinan:  Yeah. John, this is Curtis. 
John Olson  Houston Energy:  Hi, Curtis. 
Curtis Dinan:  Hi, how are you? 
John Olson  Houston Energy:  Fine. 
Curtis Dinan:  For the first part of 2008, I had mentioned the partnership had spent about $500 million in our growth capital. For the full year, we expect growth capital to be about $1.2 billion and with another $84 million of maintenance capital. So that leaves about $700 million of growth to be spent over the balance of 2008, and be spent fairly ratably. Looking out into 2009, I think we are in the $150 million to $200 million range at that point. And then as John mentioned, when we get into 2010 and beyond, it is the $300 million to $500 million range. 
John Olson  Houston Energy:  Yeah. And that is for OKS. What about OKE, Curtis? Just the rest of it, the distribution in particular and whatever you are putting into what  what will you put into energy services in the way of capital spending? 
Curtis Dinan:  We haven't changed our overall plan, which is $182 million for 2008. So far through the second quarter in distribution we have spent about $70 million. So  and the total plan for it for the full year is $170 million. It is pretty typical that we don't spend quite half in the first part of the year  that more of that type of spending is in the second half. It is pretty similar to the pattern we experienced in 2007. And then so  the total is $182 million, $170 million of it is in distribution. That leaves $12 million for corporate and energy services. 
John Olson  Houston Energy:  Yeah. Right. And '09 and '10, was that number still a pretty good one for  in round numbers I know were $180 million, $200 million, $270 million, whatever. 
Curtis Dinan:  Right. We have been pretty consistent about that $180 million number. 
John Olson  Houston Energy:  Okay. Thank you very much. 
Curtis Dinan:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Michael Blum from Wachovia. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  Hi. Good morning, everyone. 
John Gibson:  Hello, Michael. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  First John, I just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly. In terms of the expected returns on the organic projects at OKS, you essentially  what I heard you say is that you expect to get essentially the same sort of returns that you were going to get prior to the revisions to the CapEx. Is that correct? 
John Gibson:  That is correct. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. Thank you. Other questions were, in the processing segment, you talked about improved contract terms and you kind of alluded to the break out right now you have of contracts. What did you mean by improved contract terms? 
John Gibson:  Jim, you want to try  you want to answer that one? 
Jim Kneale:  Yeah. Michael, I think as an ongoing part of that business, contracts to gather and process gas, either they expire by their natural terms and you renew them or as you add new volumes, you  the current contracts might reflect terms and conditions that were different than your existing old portfolio. So you are continually trying to upgrade the returns that you get on that activity. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  So, for example, percent of proceeds contracts maybe you are getting a better cut. 
Jim Kneale:  Well, it could be that, it could be the fuel retained. I mean, there is a lot of conditions in those contracts; but yes, that is a good example. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. In the storage, in natural gas pipeline segment, you talked about your  the storage fees are going up? What is driving that increase in storage fees would you say? 
Jim Kneale:  Well, I think we have seen across the country, but even as  in our energy services business as they lease storage, just  storage has become more valuable in the marketplace generally across the country. And so, as contracts roll off or they can be renegotiated in the partnership who own storage, they take advantage of that and try to increase the fees to more reflect the current market. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. My last question, on the Fort Union gas gathering, you substantially increased the capacity there. Where do you stand in terms of utilization on that system right now? 
Jim Kneale:  Well, I  just generally Fort Union  the capacity expansion was in recognition that we would need more capacity. So I think right now it is about 1.2 BCF. It was about 700,000. So we have increased the capacity again to  as more supply becomes available up there. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Ross Payne from Wachovia. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  How you doing, guys? 
John Gibson:  Hi. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  First question is on the energy services for OKE. Obviously, that was down somewhat year-over-year and you are expecting it to come back. Do you see any long-term impacts from Rex as it relates to the profitability of that division or not? 
John Gibson:  I think Rex has had an impact on differentials and I think, as has been demonstrated over time, the reduction of volatility or reduction in the basis differential should have an impact on energy services. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. Also on the natural gas storage, demand has gone up over the last several years. What is your expectation for one or two years from now? Is that trend continuing or for some reason would that shrink in some fashion? 
John Gibson:  Well, most of the contracts we enter into for storage are term  greater than one year. So we  and we stagger them, so we see the trend continuing to increase and because of the staggered terms and the longer terms, we will benefit from that and the partnership over time. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. And one last one, if Williams chooses to participate in Overland, any expectation on timing on that, or what does the contract allow for? 
John Gibson:  Well, as we have said before, the contract allows them to increase their ownership in Overland Pass for a period of two years after the pipeline begins its initial flow. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. 
John Gibson:  And to have the opportunity to increase it  and not to get too specific  up to 50% and it is a one-time shot and I can't tell you what they are thinking right now. You might ask them. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. So I mean you capture 100% of it for at least two years, okay. 
John Gibson:  No. No, that is not what I said. We don't capture  they have the option to increase their equity during that two-year period of time. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  Oh, okay. 
John Gibson:  If they choose not to, we capture 99%. If they choose to exercise on the other extreme, the option all the way to 50%, we would capture 50%  
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  Okay. 
John Gibson:   on Overland Pass, but we would capture 100% on all of our fully-integrated NGL infrastructure that we own 100%. 
Ross Payne  Wachovia Securities:  Right, which is going to benefit in a huge way. Okay. All right. Thanks. 
John Gibson:  Yes, sir. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) The next question is from Alison Herbert from RBC Capital Management. 
Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management:  Good morning. 
John Gibson:  Good morning. 
Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management:  I had a follow-up question please, in regards to storage at energy services. During the first quarter and during the earnings call, you had updated us that there were additional draws on storage beyond that, which was planned for by customers. 
John Gibson:  Okay. 
Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management:  And I wonder  you also mentioned during this call that there is increased working capital requirements, some of which is due to storage. Is there a way to quantify the impact of those draws during first quarter, if any, to  as you enter the second half of this year in terms of both current storage levels and costs associated with that? 
John Gibson:  You know, we had a bit of a transmission problem and I really didn't hear your question very well. Is there any chance that you might repeat that? 
Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management:  I apologize. Can you hear me better now? 
John Gibson:  Oh, I hear you much better. 
Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management:  Okay. Great. My apologies. My question was, in regard to storage at energy services, during first quarter you had updated us that there were additional draws on storage beyond those, which were planned during the winter by customers. And during this call, you had updated us that there are also increased working capital requirements, some of which were due to storage needs. I wonder if there is any impact or implication of those additional draws from first quarter as you enter the second half of this year, both in terms of current storage levels as well as any associated cost. 
John Gibson:  Well, yeah. I think Jim can answer that. Thank you for repeating that question, by the way. 
Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management:  My apologies. 
John Gibson:  No. That's okay. 
Jim Kneale:  Let me take a shot at that and if I don't answer your question, let me know, because maybe I still am off base. Yes, our amount of storage  gas and storage coming into the first quarter of '08 was lower than  was about normal, a little lower than normal. And then with the colder January and February, we had larger pulls than typically. So when we got out of the heating season, our gas in storage was a bit below maybe historically where we have been, but definitely not below where we have been in certain years. Now, as we have entered the injection season, if you look at the amount of gas in storage right now and compare  in our storage at energy services  compared to a year ago, we are below where we were, but that is on purpose. And part of that is because of the high price environment we were in as little as two or three weeks ago. We were delaying injections hoping and maybe forecasting that you might have a pull back in price. We still have adequate time to fill our storage for this coming winter and we are in the process of doing that. In terms of working capital, the gas price is a little higher than probably it was last year, not as high as it looked like it was going to be a month ago. With the additional capacity on our credit facility that Curtis talked about, we feel like we have more than adequate capacity to fund and carry the fill of storage coming into this winter season. So, did I answer your question? 
Alison Herbert  RBC Capital Management:  Yes you did. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  The next question is from Rebecca Followill from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Good morning. Question for you on coverage ratios at one of Partners in light of a really good quarter and higher commodity prices and a lot of big projects finally coming online after a big CapEx spend. 
John Gibson:  And in your  okay. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  And my question is what  my question is really  I mean how do you balance with commodity prices being so high and so coverage ratios are much greater, but you want a cushion there? And you have got some big projects coming along, how much of that's going to flow through to the unit holders? 
John Gibson:  Well, I think you have hit on the two things that we continue to look at as it relates to coverage. One of them is get the projects up and running. And that is very important for us. So we could be very aggressive and say that based on predictions we are going to revise our coverage. We are going to get the projects completed and flowing and earnings coming in the door. We will adjust accordingly. Second thing, as it relates to the high commodity prices, is we, as an industry, have talked about high commodity prices for some time. Some of us are waiting for them to come down, some of us are expecting them to go up, while others think they are going to stay the same. So as it relates to the impact on product pricing to coverage, we are also trying to determine a  take a longer-term view and its impact on coverage. I think Becca, the two of those are going to come together in our way of thinking approximately at the same time and we will then be able to, with much more confidence, address that coverage issue. But as we have said, as we continue to increase distributions and we are obviously aligned with our unit holders to increase those distributions, we will remain focused on looking for the opportunities. I mean that is why we have all these internal growth projects and we will continue to look for acquisitions so that we can grow them. I hope I answered your question, but if I didn't, come at me again. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Kind of sort of. I guess the question is, with these projects getting completed, you have been raising your distributions gradually and coverage ratios have been growing because the projects have not come online and because commodity prices have been higher. Can we expect a ramp up in the rate of distribution growth once new projects are up and running? 
John Gibson:  And what was commodity  the answer is yes, provided that those things happen. Yes. But we are not going to do that until we have some confidence amongst ourselves that that is going to happen. So I'm not committing to that, but I am stating that if those things do occur  
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  And commodity prices hang in there? 
John Gibson:  Yes. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Okay. 
John Gibson:  Then we look for the opportunity to further increase our distributions. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  When you look at the minimum distributions that you would have, is there some floor in commodity prices that you use in looking at that? You say that I'm going to base this on if commodity prices fall  the $7 gas and $70 oil for example  I know I can still maintain my distribution. 
John Gibson:  Well, yes, we do do that. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Can you share the floor with us? 
John Gibson:  No. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Okay. I got to try. Thank you. 
John Gibson:  Rebecca? 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Yes? 
John Gibson:  The one thing that I think maybe we need to focus on is that most of these projects are going to generate incremental EBITDA or revenue in the form of fees. And you know on the issue you are raising about commodity prices, we continue to try, and are successful, in increasing our exposure to fee and moving away from commodity. That is one of our strategies so that we can continue with confidence to increase our distribution. So there are floors, there are sensitivities that we do, but our overarching strategy inside the partnership is to move more towards fee, just for that reason. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  So that it is not an issue, going forward. 
John Gibson:  Right. 
Rebecca Followill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Perfect. Thank you, guys. 
John Gibson:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Kathleen Vuchetich from WH Reaves. 
Kathleen Vuchetich  WH Reaves & Co.:  Good morning. Jim commented that you were seeing increased no notice contracts. Do you need to add to storage capacity in order to serve those new customers? Or do you have adequate storage already in place? 
John Gibson:  Jim? 
Jim Kneale:  Kathleen, the short answer is no, we don't need to add capacity. Historically, if you recall, when we talk about this business, we generally have maybe 25% to 30% of our capacity isn't quote sold to customers for winter service for a number of reasons. One, if it gets really cold and we need more gas or if market opportunities present themselves. So we are continually adjusting that  well, I guess in addition we are continually adjusting that portfolio as storage leases roll off and looking at where we can add storage so it may be more strategic. So again, that is the longer answer to the short answer of no, we don't need to add capacity. 
Kathleen Vuchetich  WH Reaves & Co.:  Okay. Are you considering releasing any of your storage capacity, Jim? Or are you pretty comfortable with the mix? 
Jim Kneale:  Well, Kathleen, I think at this point in time we are comfortable, but it rolls off. We have  they are staggered terms, so we have capacity rolling off all the time and every time that happens, the energy services team brings the decision of what  of leasing new capacity to the risk oversight committee to justify why we need it, what customers it is going to serve, and what the return is going to be. So that is an ongoing process. So it is just hard to project. I don't see it increasing significantly in the future unless we have a significant increase in no notice service. 
Kathleen Vuchetich  WH Reaves & Co.:  Is the geographic mix where you want it, Jim? 
Jim Kneale:  At this point in time, yes. 
Kathleen Vuchetich  WH Reaves & Co.:  Okay. The next question, are there assets for sale? Have you seen an increase in the number and quality of assets that are being offered to you all? 
John Gibson:  We have seen here just in the last month or so some increase in what I would call feelers, people that were predominantly investment bankers. They call you up and tell you that they understand this piece may be for sale or that piece; but nothing hard and fast. 
Kathleen Vuchetich  WH Reaves & Co.:  Okay. And final question, has the financial liquidity issues of a lot of the banks impacted how you see liquidity in your gas trading operation? 
John Gibson:  Kathleen, I think I might point back to a comment Curtis made and it wasn't what we  our credit group looks at our counterparties that we trade with also. And throughout this process, we have actually cut back trading with some of those, because our credit group became concerned about how much we had. But overall, I'd say we are not having trouble executing trades. It is just really trying to pay really close attention, as we always have, to the financial capacity of those counterparties. 
Kathleen Vuchetich  WH Reaves & Co.:  Okay. All right. Thanks so much, guys. I appreciate it. 
John Gibson:  Okay. Thank you, Kathleen. 
Operator:  The next question is from Yves Siegel from Wachovia Capital. 
Yves Siegel  Wachovia Capital:  Yes, thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. I have one long question; hopefully I can ask it properly. And that is when you think of the distribution coverage ratio  and you answered the question  but can you also maybe put it into context of the capital markets today and the fact that by generating as much excess cash flow as you are generating that it does mitigate your financing needs going forward. So how does that sort of fit into the equation or does it fit into the equation? And then if you could tie that into the $300 million to $500 million of growth CapEx that you are contemplating over the 2010 to 2015 time frame and perhaps if you could speak to what kind of trends are you looking at as it relates to those projects? And are those projects quick turnaround projects or is it $1.5 billion pipeline that is going to take three years to build? 
John Gibson:  Yves, on your comment regarding distribution coverage ratio; that is an excellent point. I wish I would have thought of that Becca was on the phone. She asked a great question on that. But that too is something we consider is how are we going to continue to fund this growth? So part of this answer is for Becca as well, and that is that we have  when you look at how we have financed our growth we  we financed a lot of it from our cash flow from our business and we continue to do that. So if  it being how we fund growth does fit into the equation of our distribution coverage ratio, as it relates to the opportunities, the $300 million to $500 million in 2010, 2015, they are predominantly in our natural gas liquids business. There are some in natural gas; they are going to be more of the singles and doubles and less triples and home runs from  on a relative size. And the $300 million and $500 million per year does exclude what I would consider to be a large capital-intensive project, say the size of an Overland Pass. We candidly see some opportunities for things like that, but we don't have those at this time included in that $300 million to $500 million. 
Yves Siegel  Wachovia Capital:  And John, can you just sort of speak to the trends that you are thinking about over the next five years that will allow or will present that type of opportunities? Is it sort of just extrapolating what we see today and thinking that those trends will continue? Or is there anything else that you may be thinking about? 
John Gibson:  Sure. Well, the trends are obviously driven by growth in natural gas liquids production. We are all aware of the tremendous opportunities on the natural gas side to move new natural gas reserves to market. But very much the same thing is true on the natural gas liquids side, where we are starting to finally see an increase overall in natural gas liquids production in the United States that all of that is showing up in different places. And what it is doing is we think longer-term putting pressure on the supply of both pipe and fractionation and storage and marketing services. And that is an area where we obviously have and we will continue to focus to grow. So if there is a signpost out there, it is natural gas liquids production, and then you can work backwards to second and third order effects; or said another way, things that drive the amount of NGL production and those are some of the things that we stay very, very close to. 
Yves Siegel  Wachovia Capital:  And then the last question would be, would you anticipate that the returns would be comparable to what you are realizing today, or better, or worse? 
John Gibson:  Well, I would start out by saying comparable, but I also feel fairly confident that they are going to be better. Based on what I am seeing. But we have not announced any and  but I would say that is the trend. 
Yves Siegel  Wachovia Capital:  Thank you so much. 
John Gibson:  You bet, Yves. 
Operator:  The next question is from Mark Easterbrook from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mark Easterbrook  RBC Capital Markets:  Yes. Just a quick question, looking at the revised guidance for 2008, the  both the maintenance CapEx and the interest expense lines came down pretty substantially. Can you go into sort of what the driving factors are there? Was it just on maintenance CapEx that some of the projects  some of the maintenance was moved out to 2009? And that  maybe why the interest expense line came down substantially versus the previous guidance? 
John Gibson:  You bet, Mark. Curtis? 
Curtis Dinan:  Yes. Mark, the interest expense is a couple of factors. One is that overall rates are a little bit lower than what we are experiencing than we originally had in our model; and then the second thing is just what we were talking about a few minutes ago, with the strong cash flows that we have had, our borrowings have actually been less in 2008 that we had originally anticipated. So, primarily those two factors are lowering the interest expense line. Jim can answer a little bit more of your question on the maintenance capital. 
Jim Kneale:  Yes, I think the  first, to put it in perspective, I think if you look at even our revised guidance for maintenance capital, it is up over the prior year. But we did lower the expected amount slightly for this year. And a lot of that has to do with when we put that budget together initially, we are predicting different things, and when you might have to overhaul this or do a turn around on this. And a lot of it has to do with flow that is going through it in time. And so often it can just be the  where those expenditures fall, and as we sat and looked at this budget, it just appeared that we won't need quite as much maintenance capital this year as we have  as we projected last December. 
Mark Easterbrook  RBC Capital Markets:  So would it be fair to say that $84 million in maintenance CapEx for the year is a good run rate for next year too? Or would that maybe move up a bit? 
Jim Kneale:  No. I would say that is probably pretty close to what we are looking at. Again we continue to add new facilities and new lines so you could see that go up a little bit, but right now it looks like a pretty good number. 
Mark Easterbrook  RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Michael Blum from Wachovia. 
Michael Blum  Wachovia Securities:  Hi. The question has been answered already. Thank you. 
Operator:  The next question is from Louis Shamie from Zimmer Lucas. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Hi. Excellent numbers, everybody. My congratulations. 
John Gibson:  Thank you, Louis. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  I had a few questions. First off, concerning Williams' option on Overland Pass, what is the sensitivity to use that $360 million EBITDA number  they to exercise that getting of 2010? 
John Gibson:  Im not quite sure I connected on that question. Try that on me again? 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Sure. You guys have guided to $360 million of EBITDA from your capital projects in 2010, and I was just wondering if Williams were to exercise and let's say take the full amount  take the full 50% of Overland Pass, what would that number change to, that $360 million? 
John Gibson:  Jim, do you have that information? 
Jim Kneale:  Yeah. Louis, I think again we just redid those numbers. If I remember what I saw and what is in there, I think it would reduce that about $30 million a year, but again then you have to put in perspective, if they buy into that project, so we will get half  if they ramp up to 50% say, which is what that number is predicated on, that will give us a lot of capital return, which we either won't  and we wouldn't be in the capital market. So it either would be whether it was equity or debt. So you have got that offsetting factor that  and I just haven't run all those numbers, so I don't have that right now. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Yes. I agree with you that there is a major  excuse me  a major offset there. I just wanted a sense for what the EBITDA impact was. Does that include the Piceance lateral? The $30 million? 
Jim Kneale:  Yes. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Great. Okay. Other things I wanted ask about, through your natural gas pipeline segment, you had a very strong second quarter and you revised up numbers pretty significantly. Can we see that as a good run rate going forward into 2009 and beyond? 
Jim Kneale:  Yes. Louis, I think yes, but and it gets back to all the discussion on the distribution. Part of that increase is related to the retained fuel that we then turn around and sell into the market, which is natural gas, so there is somewhat of a commodity exception  I mean expectation in there, so that is part of the reason for the increase. But  and I don't have the percentage of what that is. Maybe  I just don't have it. But so, some of it will remain, some of it is subject to commodity price. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Okay. That is good. And in terms of the 2009 CapEx budget, has that changed at all? I think I thought you guys said something like $150 million to $200 million. What that gross plus maintenance or just gross? 
John Gibson:  I don't think it has changed, Louis. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Okay. 
John Gibson:  I can't think of anything that has caused it to change. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Okay. In terms of the GNP CapEx budget, that has increased since your last estimate, what is driving that? And what kind of returns do you expect from that increased CapEx? 
John Gibson:  Jim? 
Jim Kneale:  Well, what is driving it, as I mentioned in my remarks, our well connects in that segment all right up over last year significantly. And that is a result of all the drilling going on. As to returns on that capital, that is a number we haven't provided and I don't want to provide. But they are good returns. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Great. And then I guess as the last thing, I think that this was discussed on the call, but could you go over what the volume expectations are for the NGL projects? I guess Overland, and Piceance, and Arbuckle? 
Jim Kneale:  Yes. Louis, we covered those in our remarks. If you want  I hate to take time again. You might call Christy or Dan later and we could review that with you. Or  but it is in the transcript. 
Louis Shamie  Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Okay. So I guess I'll just look to the transcript. Thanks for answering my questions. 
John Gibson:  Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the third quarter will start when we close our books in early October and will extend until earnings are released. We will provide a reporting date and conference call information for the third quarter at a later date. One other announcement, ONEOK and ONEOK Partners will hold their Annual Investor Day in New York on October 2nd. We will be sending a save-the-date email to everyone later this week, followed by a conference registration link later in August. Christy Williamson and I will be available throughout the day for follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us and good day. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - VP Communications and IR John W. Gibson - CEO, ONEOK, Inc. - Chairman, President and CEO, ONEOK Partners, L.P. Curtis L. Dinan President and Chief Operating Officer Pierce H. Norton Analysts Michael Blum - Wachovia Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves Jonathan Lanfear - Wachovia Brooke Mullin - J.P. Morgan Mark Easterbrook - RBC Capital Markets Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Robin Levine - J.P. Morgan
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: James C. Kneale Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids Terry Spencer Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Dan Harrison. You may begin, sir.
Dan Harrison - Vice President Communications and Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and welcome everyone. As we begin this morning's conference call, I remind you that any statements that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners' expectations or prediction should be considered forward-looking statements, which are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Acts of 1933 and 1934. It's important to note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to ONEOK's and ONEOK Partners filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now John Gibson, who serves as CEO of ONEOK and Chairman, President and CEO of ONEOK Partners. John?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Dan and good morning everyone. Thank you for participating in our call today. Joining me are Jim Kneale, ONEOK President and Chief Operating Officer; Curtis Dinan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; Pierce Norton, ONEOK Partners Executive Vice President of Natural Gas; and Terry Spencer, ONEOK Partners Executive Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids. Here is our agenda this morning. Following a few opening remarks, we'll discuss ONEOK Partners first and then review ONEOK. Curtis will start us off and review ONEOK Partners financial performance followed by Pierce and Tarry who will review the partnership's operating performance. Then Curtis will return to review ONEOK's financial performance and Jim will review ONEOK's operating performance. Then I'll make a few closing comments before we take your questions. ONEOK had a solid first quarter with strong performances by ONEOK Partners and the Distribution segment. Energy Services had a good quarter although lower than the first quarter a year ago. ONEOK Partners was up more than 50% in the quarter. Higher commodity prices and wider NGO price spreads as well as volume growth in all four of the partnerships business segments contributed to the increase. Volume growth was exceptionally strong in both the Natural Gas Liquids segments, which Terry will discuss in more detail. Our Distribution segments results were higher than a year ago primarily as a result of colder temperatures and increased volumes in Kansas and Oklahoma. In addition, the segments continued focus on reducing operating costs through its process improvement efforts is also yielding results. Energy Services earned $74.3 million in the quarter, which was lower than the same period last year primarily because of fewer storage and marketing optimization opportunities as a result of colder weather, but still a solid quarter. Jim will review both the Distribution and Energy Services segments first quarter results in more detail in a few minutes. Also during the quarter, ONEOK purchased additional ONEOK Partners units, reflecting ONEOK's continued belief that investing in partnership provides good opportunities to grow ONEOK's earnings and cash flow to a larger ownership interest. ONEOK Partners equity offerings to both ONEOK and to the public allow the partnership to continue to fund its growth activities while maintaining a balanced capital structure. Curtis will provide more detail on the equity offerings during his comments. We are reaffirming both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners 2008 earnings guidance provided to you in the early January. We believe it's still too early in the year to make any adjustments, either up or down. While there may be some ups and downs between the various segments, our year-end projections for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners remain unchanged. As you will hear from Pierce, Terry and Jim, there are still some uncertainties and opportunities that will unfold as the year progresses. As is our usual practice, we will update earnings guidance when we believe there are material changes. Now, let's take a more detailed look at ONEOK partners. Curtis Dinan will review the financial highlights and results. Curtis?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, John and good morning. ONEOK partners began 2008 with a really strong first quarter. Net income increased 51% to $145 million or $1.48 per unit compared with $96 million or $1 per unit in the first quarter of 2007. Distributable cash flow increased to $159 million compared with $117 million in the first quarter of 2007. During the first quarter of 2008, our Gathering and Processing segment benefited primarily from strong commodity prices. Looking forward in 2008, we have hedged in excess of 72% of our commodity price exposure providing additional earnings stability. Our natural gas liquids gathering and fractionation business benefited from wider regional commodity price spreads and increased volumes. Our natural gas liquids pipeline segment benefited from the North System acquisition that was completed during the fourth quarter of 2007 and increased throughput related to new NGL supply connections. During the first quarter of 2008 the partnership spend $259 million on its internal growth capital program, primarily for the Overland Pass Pipeline and related NGL infrastructure upgrades and the Arbuckle Pipeline. These expenditures were initially financed with our revolving credit agreement. In March of this year, the partnership completed a public offering of 2.5 million common units and a private placement of 5.4 million common units with ONEOK, Inc. Combined with the 2% general partner contribution and the underwriters exercise of the over allotment option in April, the partnership received net proceeds of approximately $460 million. A portion of these proceeds were used to repay the amounts outstanding under the partnerships revolving credit agreement and the remaining proceeds will be used to fund additional capital expenditures during this year. With the completion of these equity offerings, a debt-to-capital ratio of 49% and $1 billion available under the revolving credit agreement, the partnership is well positioned to continue executing on its growth capital program that is expected to contribute incremental EBITDA later this year as the various projects come online. Recently, ONEOK Partners increased its quarterly distribution to an annualized rate of $4.16 per unit. This is the ninth consecutive distribution increase since the dropdown of the ONEOK assets in April of 2006. During this period, the partnership has increased distributions by 30% demonstrating our commitment to growing unit holder distributions. John, that concludes my remarks regarding the partnerships financials.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Curtis. Let's now review the operating results of ONEOK Partners, which consists, as a reminder, of four segments, two in natural gas and two in natural gas liquids. First, Pierce Norton will discuss the two natural gas segments Gathering and Processing and Natural Gas Pipelines. Pierce?
Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Thanks, John, and good morning. The Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segments first quarter operating income nearly doubled compared with the same period last year. Natural gas liquid, natural gas and crude oil prices were the primary driver of the increase. This segment also benefited from increased throughput, primarily due to a higher drilling activity. Our contract mix by volume remain relatively unchanged at 61% fee based, 31% of proceeds and 8% keep-whole, which are the contracts that are affected by processing spreads. In addition to having less than 10% of our volumes susceptible to the processing spread, 85% of our keep-whole contracts contain conditioning language, allowing them to convert to a fee when processing spreads are negative. When you combine all of our commodity-affected contracts, percent of proceeds and keep-whole, the greatest sensitivities are to natural gas liquids and crude oil prices. We've taken steps to minimize the risk associated with price movements by locking in prices for the remainder of 2008 on 72% of our expected production on both NGLs and condensate at an average price of $1.39 per gallon. We've also placed hedges for the remainder of the year on our expected natural gas volumes with 78% locked in at $9.23 per MMBtu. Now taking a look at our growth activity in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. The final phase of the $110 million Fort Union Gas Gathering system expansion in the Powder River Basin is still expected to go into service during the second quarter. As a 37% owner Fort Union, our equity earnings will continue to increase in the future with the completion of this project. As a reminder, the capital of this expansion was project financed and the additional capacity has been fully subscribed for ten years. We expect to complete the final phase of the Grasslands processing plant expansion later this year. We're poised to capture the growth in and around the Williston Basin in North Dakota and Montana. The Natural Gas Pipeline segment first quarter 2008 operating income results were stable remaining relatively flat compared with the same period in 2007. Storage margins improved primarily due to new negotiated contracts but was offset by higher general operating expenses. Equity earnings which consist primarily of our 50% interest in Northern Border Pipeline were up 10% in the first quarter when compared with last year. Higher throughput was the driver of the increased transportation revenues on the Northern Border Pipeline. Looking at the growth projects for Natural Gas Pipelines, this morning we received the notice to proceed on Guardian pipeline from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. This allows us to begin construction on the 119-mile pipeline extension and expansion project into the Green Bay area. We've increased our cost of this project to $277 million from $260 million or 6.5% to reflect expected cost associated with scope changes, labor, environmental and inspections. As with any construction projects of this magnitude, there are several variables that could still impact our cost and completion date. Environmental or cultural reroutes, the amount of actual rock encountered and potentially escalating labor cost are some of the most common variables. Currently the completion of this project is still estimated to occur during the fourth quarter. The expansion of our Guardian pipeline is anchored by 215 new agreements, which provides stable cash flows to the partnership, and because of the additional volumes travel through our existing pipelines, it also brings stability to our base assets going forward. Finally, we have a stated strategy to connect our interstate pipelines to multiple supplier basins. Consistent with this strategy, Northern Border Pipeline recently announced a binding open season on the Bison Pipeline, which will end mid-May. The 289-mile proposed pipeline would extend from Powder River Basin and connects Northern Border Pipeline in Morton County, North Dakota. As John mentioned, ONEOK Partners reaffirmed its earnings guidance for the year. The natural gas business had an outstanding quarter and we are reaffirming the guidance ranges provided in January. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Pierce. Now, Terry Spencer will review the two natural gas liquid segments, Gathering and Fractionation in NGL Pipelines. Terry?
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. The natural gas liquid segments had another exceptional quarter. Let's take a look at both the NGL segments. The Natural Gas Liquids Gathering and Fractionation segments first quarter operating income increased 42% over the same period last year. Higher product price spreads between Conway, Kansas and Mont Belvieu, Texas were the main driver of the increase allowing us to capture optimization opportunities across the system. Mid-continent NGLs gathered and fractionated continued to grow and have increased more than 20% when compared with the same period in 2007. And looking back over the times, since we acquired the NGL assets in July 2005, we have grown volumes 30% adding over 60,000 barrels of the NGLs per day. This growth has led to asset utilization rates of more than 90% and one of the key drivers for our $216 million in expansion projects underway in our NGL storage fractionation and pipeline infrastructure in Kansas and Oklahoma. This increased infrastructure capacity coming online during 2008 will accommodate our new NGL supplies from the Rockies as well as future growth in the Mid-Continent. We also recently announced another expansion of our Oklahoma gathering system to connect two new processing plants in the Woodford Shale and Southeast Oklahoma. The $25 million expansion of 6 inch and 8-inch gathering pipeline is currently under construction and scheduled for completion in the second quarter of 2008. These new plants will have the ability to produce approximately 25,000 barrels per day of NGLs. During 2008, we will remain focused on adding new NGL supplies to our Mid-Continent system and by year-end we expect to have added approximately 36,000 barrels per day of NGLs from new plant connections. Our Natural Gas Liquids Pipeline segment also had an outstanding first quarter with operating income increasing 60% over the same period in 2007 and NGL volumes transported increasing nearly 50% over the same time. Most of these increases are due primarily to the addition of 16,00 mile NGL and refined petroleum products pipeline system we acquired in October 2007, as well as continued supply growth that I previously mentioned in our NGL gathering and fractionation segment. Our NGL Pipeline segment continues to develop new growth opportunities across the Rockies, Mid-Continent, the Midwest and in Texas, primarily from new supplies, opportunities to expand our services to refineries and to provide products to dilute heavy crude oil entering the U.S. from Canada. Now let's review the status of some of our large projects. Construction on the Overland Pass Pipeline continues. Considering the unusually severe weather conditions along the route, particularly in Southern Wyoming, we are very pleased with the progress we have made. We have essentially completed construction on more than 700 miles of the 760 total miles of the pipeline. As you may recall from our last earnings call, the Wyoming office of the Bureau of Land Management requested that we temporarily idle pipeline construction in certain restricted areas to accommodate the seasonal migration patterns of big game animals, the nesting activities of birds of prey and sage grouse habitat. We continue to work diligently in cooperation with the BLM to develop timely plans for the completion of construction within those restricted areas. However, due to continued construction restrictions imposed by the BLM, we are now targeting a third quarter 2008 partial start-up of the pipeline. In late 2007, we announced Overland Pass would cost approximately $535 million to construct. As a result of the numerous delays and interruptions we've encountered due to restrictions in wildlife sensitive areas I just mentioned, along with the worst winter weather in Southern Wyoming in recent history, project costs will likely rise. But we currently expect those increases to be less than 10% of our $535 million estimate. Supply activities on Overland Pass continue to progress as we are negotiating with NGL suppliers to commit as much as 50,000 barrels per day of additional supplies to the pipeline, which would bring the total commitments to Overland Pass to approximately 140,000 barrels per day. Some of these negotiations have resulted in agreements, subject to the completion of executed contracts. The initial design capacity of Overland Pass is 110,000 barrels per day of unfractionated NGLs and we have mentioned one pump facility can increase that capacity to 150,000 barrels per day. As a result of the continued strong NGL supply environment in Southern Wyoming and in the Piceance Basin of the Northwestern Colorado, we have the ability to increase the capacity of Overland Pass to over 220,000 barrels per day by the addition of more pump facilities. So even though we will likely experience some cost increases on Overland Pass due to regulatory delays and weather, we remain confident in the economic merits of this project. New NGL development potential in the region continues to exceed our original expectations. We also continue to make good progress on permitting in rights-of-way acquisition for the Arbuckle pipeline. Today, more than 90% of the total 440 mile Arbuckle route has been surveyed. Pipe at the steel mill continues to be rolled with more than 400 miles of pipe already delivered. The $260 million project is designed with the capacity to transport 160,000 barrels per day of unfractionated NGLs and can be expanded to over 210,000 barrels per day with additional pump facilities. As with any project of this magnitude and scope, completion, timing and cost can be impacted by risk factors beyond our control such as the weather, landowner uncertainties relating to right-of-way acquisition and increasing demand in the construction labor market. The outlook for growth along Arbuckle pipeline is on track to exceed our expectations. Natural gas production growth from new drilling along the route primarily in the Barnett Shale and North Texas continues at a rapid pace, leading to the development of new gas process and plant projects. We are currently negotiating with the owners of pending new plant projects for supply dedications to our pipeline. At the time of start up in early 2009, we currently expect Arbuckle to be shipping approximately 65,000 barrels per day of dedicated NGLs to our Mount Belvieu fractionator and other facilities in the Texas Gulf Coast with another 20,000 barrels per day expected from new plant dedications also currently under negotiation. When combined with our existing infrastructure, we remain confident in the Arbuckle projects ability to serve the growth occurring in the mid-continent and Texas. With about $1.2 billion in growth activities underway in our NGL businesses, our focus remains on the successful execution of these projects and continued growth in our NGL supply portfolio. We are currently evaluating more new expansion opportunities within our core footprint and in those regions that can be accessed by the large pipeline projects we have underway. As John mentioned, ONEOK Partners reaffirmed its guidance for the year. The construction challenges we are facing on the Overland Pass Pipeline will have an impact on the timing of and earnings in our NGL Pipeline segment. But because of better than expected performance on our NGL Gathering and Fractionation segment, we currently expect the combined earnings of our natural gas liquids businesses to remain in the guidance range provided in January. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks Terry. Let's now turn our focus for ONEOK, where Curtis Dinan will now review ONEOK's first quarter financials highlights. Curtis?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income in the first quarter of 2008 was $144 million or $1.36 per diluted share compared with net income of $153 million or $1.36 per diluted share in 2007. While net income decreased slightly, the share repurchase we completed in 2007 positively affected earnings per share. All of ONEOK segments performed very well during the quarter. As Jim will describe in more detail, the Distribution segment's operating income increased slightly to $109 million and Energy Services operating income was strong at $74 million but under the last year's $120 million. As previously described, our ONEOK Partners segment performed very well during the quarter. Following the partnerships recent distribution announcement, its annualized distribution has increased by $0.20 compared with one year ago. This distribution increase creates an additional $8.5 million of annual cash flow from the limited partner units that ONEOK owns. Also compared with one year ago, the insinuate [ph] distributions to ONEOK's general partner interest had increased by $23 million annually. With the growth forecast by ONEOK Partners from its $1.6 billion of internal growth projects in the recently completed North System acquisition, we expect future distribution increases will continue to create earnings and cash flow growth for ONEOK. During the quarter, ONEOK invested approximately $300 million to acquire an additional 5.4 million common units from one of ONEOK Partners in a private placement transaction demonstrating a significant commitment to ensure the continued growth of ONEOK Partners. Including the general partner interest ONEOK, now owns 47.7% of ONEOK Partners. During the first quarter of 2008, ONEOK retired $400 million of matured long-term debt and ended the quarter with a stand-alone debt to capital ratio of 48%. Stand-alone cash flows from operations excluding the effects of working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividends by $79 million. For 2008, we anticipate that free cash flows will be in the $160 million to $200 million range. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Curtis. Now, Jim Kneale will review ONEOK's operating performance. Jim?
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, John and good morning. As Curtis just mentioned, the Distribution segment delivered solid results with operating income of $109 million in the first quarter. Margins were up and expenses down as compared with the same period last year. Volumes were positively affected by colder weather in Oklahoma and Kansas. However, margins were moderated somewhat by weather normalization mechanisms, but reflect a slight increase due to new rates in Oklahoma and Texas. Transportation volumes were also higher in both Oklahoma and Kansas. From an expense standpoint, our focus on cost control that John mentioned through process improvement initiatives has helped us manage our operating cost as we improve and standardize business practices across our three utilities. In addition, our bad debt levels have remained stable even in this high natural gas price environment. We also continue to work on the regulatory front. A new capital recovery mechanism in Oklahoma that was approved in February is allowing us to recover and earn a return on certain capital investments more quickly. It is expected to add $7.6 million in margins this year. Last week the Texas Railroad Commission approved a $1 million rate case in our South Texas jurisdiction. Included in this decision are a returns on equity of 10.425% and increased monthly residential customer charge from $5 to $15, a weather normalization adjustment clause, recovery of gas related bad debts and authorization to hedge the cost of gas using financial instruments. These new rates will become effective with the May billing cycles. Looking forward, the Distribution segment will continue to execute on its integrated strategy focusing on rates and growth through efficient investment and cost control. Now, turning to our Energy Services segment. We had a good first quarter in a challenging market environment with operating income of $74 million, which as Curtis mentioned, was lower than 2007. The quarterly decrease was due to lower realized storage spreads and colder than forecasted and anticipated weather that increased our supply requirements to our LDC customers. As a result of the colder weather, we had to withdraw more gas from storage and purchase higher price spot gas to meet our customer obligations, which were based on a lower first-of-the-month index price. These additional supply requirements, combined with steadily increasing natural gas prices left little volume available to sell into the market, which gave us few opportunities for storage optimization activities. These events also affected our financial trading margins, which were down as compared with the first quarter last year. Our transportation margins were up $7 million because of improved hedging effectiveness on derivative instruments related to our hedged transport positions and the receipt of $2.4 million in insurance proceeds related to the 2007 Cheyenne Plains outage. Our retail marketing margins also increased as a result of higher sales margins and volumes. We ended the first quarter with 14.6 Bcf of natural gas in the ground compared with 37.3 Bcf a year earlier. As John mentioned, we are confirming our guidance for 2008. Looking at Energy Services specifically, currently the summer-to-winter spreads are tighter than in previous years and natural gas volatility is low even though natural gas prices remain historically high. As we move forward, we will continue to manage our storage and transportation position and credit exposure in a very high priced natural gas market, meaning that we will remain sharply focused on our injection and withdrawal strategies and the overall carrying cost associated with natural gas held in inventory. With natural gas prices at more than $10 on the NYMEX, we believe opportunities may develop for volatility to increase and storage and transportation spreads to widen out to levels we have experienced over the past 2.5 years throughout the remainder of this year and in the next heating season. John, that concludes by remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Jim. Before we open it up to questions, let me make just a few additional comments. As you've just heard ONEOK Partners is making good progress on its internally generated growth projects, closely managing those things we can control and staying on top of costs and completion time lines. While execution of these projects is and will remain a top priority, we are looking toward the future. We are currently evaluating additional internal growth projects that will require an average of $300 million to $500 million per year of capital. And based on our current evaluations these projects should occur in the 2010 to 2015 timeframe. These future investments along with strategic acquisitions will enable us to continue to grow partnership distributions benefiting not only ONEOK Partners unit holders but also as we have discussed today ONEOK shareholders. As we have stated previously, ONEOK Partners is ONEOK's growth engine. To fund the partnerships growth we have strategically redeployed capital from ONEOK to ONEOK Partners over the last year enabling the partnership to finance these growth projects, which will allow ONEOK Partners to raise its distribution to unit holders in the future and allow ONEOK to grow its earnings and cash flow to its ownership position in the partnership. Considering this over the last 12 months ONEOK redeployed more than a $1 billion of capital, $370 million to buy back 7.5 million shares of stock, $400 million to retire long-term debt and more than $300 million to purchase additional units in the partnership. During that same period of time, the partnership has raised more than a $1 billion to fund its growth, a $600 million long-term debt offering last fall, and more than $460 million in public and private placement unit offerings. These actions at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners, we believe, are creating and increasing shareholder and unit holder value. In closing, I would like to thank all of our 4,500 plus employees who make our performance possible. Without their contributions and commitment, our continued success would not be possible. Again, many thanks to them. Operator, we're now ready for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Blum with Wachovia.
Michael Blum - Wachovia: Hi, good morning everyone.
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Hello, Michael.
Michael - Blum Wachovia: Couple of questions, one if you just... I just want to make sure I heard that right, you commented John at the end, did you say you're looking at potential projects that would cost in a range of $3 million to $500 million per year for those five years that you'd outlined?
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: That's correct.
Michael - Blum Wachovia: Okay.
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: But just to be... just to clarify that those expenditures would occur in that timeframe. They're not occurring between now and 2010.
Michael - Blum Wachovia: Okay, understood. Second question was just as it relates to the guidance for ONEOK Partners. So, I guess, the question really is are you not increasing the guidance? Is that conservatism, do you have a particular view of commodity prices going forward or is it or is it just related to the comments you made on Overland Pass?
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, actually, I think you may have answered your question for us. We do have a fairly wide range and we feel very confident in that range. As it relates to, in particular Gathering and Fractionation as Terry pointed out, we see increasing margins and have seen increasing margins in that business. And that has helped us, as we look forward today to potential offsets and the delay with Overland Pass Pipeline revenues inside the Natural Gas Liquids Pipeline segment. So, we feel pretty confident in that piece. And this issue of conservatism, I think that is a long standing... that's hard to say reputation but trade of our company.
Michael - Blum Wachovia: Okay. Last question.
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Touch the two. That's okay.
Michael - Blum Wachovia: I'll be quick. Do you see consolidation happening in MLP space this year in the next 12 months and could you potentially see yourself being involved as a consolidator?
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, that's an interesting question. If there is consolidation, we see ourselves as a participant and as consolidator. Will we see at this year, as we stand here today, I don't see or nor have any signs. And going along with our conservatism, we're probably also not going to be real disclosing about our views of the future either.
Michael - Blum Wachovia: Thank you very much.
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Morrin [ph] with Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning everybody. This is Tom Kinkade [ph] calling in for Dave Morrin.
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Firstly, could you talk a bit about the drivers behind year-over-year increase in Keep-Whole contracts as a percentage of net margin at the Gathering and Processing segment?
John W. Gibson:
- Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Pierce? We'll give that one to Pierce and then I'll add a little color.
Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: I'll tell you what I'm going to... I might ask you to repeat the question, because I couldn't really hear you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Could you talk a bit about the drivers behind the year-over-year increase in Keep-Whole contracts as a percentage of net margins at the G&P segment?
Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Well, I don't think that the percentage increase, number one, was material, but we've taken enterprise look at all of our portfolio of that we have and we look at it in terms of natural gas liquids and natural gas and assess our long or short position. So, hopefully I answered your question, but I don't think it's really a material look in that.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, I might add the margin increased... not the volume under Keep-Whole but the margin... percent of margin increased, in assets which you are referring to, it's primarily because the spreads increased so much more related to a year ago. I think in the press release, I can't remember, I think we went from 6% to 18% or 20%.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, that's 18%.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: If you look at the shrink volume or MMBtus, I think you'll see that that was the relatively the same which indicates the volume hasn't changed, but what has changed is that spread and of the top of my head, I just can't remember what that was, but it's like maybe as much as twice as much.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Which would make sense.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks. And secondly, at some of your expansion projects, has your strategy with respect to signing on incremental volumes changed at all as a result of confidence in capital cost and any cost inflation there?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: No, it hasn't. I mean, our philosophy has been, if you just start from the beginning, we look for we try to understand as best we can, what's going on in this world of supply, regardless of the commodity and likewise demand and then we look for opportunities to remove constraints. And so, we go out and try to get anchored tenants, if you will, to our projects and then we optimize that position by adding incremental barrels. And as both Terry and Pierce have commented, we remain very active on, with producers in particular our primary customer, on adding incremental barrels to our... barrels or Mcfs to our projects.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks very much.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, sir.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Kathleen Vuchetich with W.H. Reaves.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Good morning.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Good morning, Kathleen.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: How are you guys doing?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Fine, thank you.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Good. I was wondering if you could give me what the capital budget is currently for both OKS and OKE this year. Have you dialed in the higher cost into capital budget expectations?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Let me turn that over to Curtis, I think he has got the numbers. He is frantically --.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: And do you have a view of whether or not the '09 capital budgets for both companies will decline as a lot of these projects start to come on line? Do you expect the budgets next year to be lower than the '08 number?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, let's... I just want to make sure we make the distinction clear that the capital that you're referring to will be within cap... ONEOK Partners.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Right. I understand that.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay. I'm sorry. Well, with that caveat, then we can --.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Kathleen, at the partnership growth capital is just a little bit under $1 billion, are updated for 2008 and then the maintenance dollars are flat still at $91 million.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay. And for Distribution and Energy Services at OKE?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Distribution, we haven't had any change. It's still at $170 million.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: And then the balance that we have at corporate and Energy Services is that combined about $12 million.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Thank you. So, should we accept the OKS $1.1 billion to decline in '09 as these projects start to near completion?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes. And then in the comments we gave you some color as to what we think you could assume going forward from say 2010 to 2015.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay. So, '09 will be kind of an interim year, thats what we are kind of thinking on capital spending?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, it's a year of completion.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay. Thats fair
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: 2008 and 2009 and then we have other things that will be kicking off.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay. Having had, at Energy Services, having had a year where you had to buy some spot gas because of the real surge in demand due to cold weather, are you looking at adding additional storage capacity to avoid having that, occur again or do you feel that... because the winter was so extremely cold there was an [inaudible] and not really needing additional storage capacity?
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Kathleen, good morning, this is Jim.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Hi, Jim.
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: That's a good question and the short answer and then let me give you more background, just to overcome that phenomena, we don't anticipate acquiring more storage.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay.
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: And the longer answer is... this is probably the third time that I can recall over our ten years that we have seen this phenomena where it just all of the weather forecast indicated it was going to be a warm first quarter and it turned out to be cold. So as we set up our months, we weren't as long flowing gas as we could have been had we suspected it was going to be that cold.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay.
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: So but that said, the impact of that part of the business and that... where we had to grow wasn't the main driver of the change from '07 to '08. It was more... I'll just take you back, there were still a lot of impact from the hurricanes in the first quarter of '06, '07.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Yes.
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: And spreads were extremely high, summer to winter that we had been able to lock in, as compared to what they were at this first quarter, which again gets back to the basis of this business as I know you understand.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Sure.
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Summer-winter spread is important.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Jim, with the extraordinarily cold weather, have you had interest from additional utility customers given how difficult it was for some of them to manage supply with the cold surges. Does this help your marketing efforts?
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Kathleen, not yet. I think everybody is still coming out of the winter and then they will begin assessing their next winter supply probably in the next few months. I think that's... that means probably a logical conclusion but we haven't seen that yet.
Kathleen Vuchetich - W.H. Reaves: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Jonathan Lanfear with Wachovia.
Jonathan Lanfear - Wachovia: Good morning, guys
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Lanfear - Wachovia: Just a quick question following up on the last caller, Energy Services, could you give us an idea, what percentage of operating income is contracted and maybe not subject to some of the volatility? And just secondly if maybe you can comment, if you continue to see some of this abnormal extraordinary weather patterns, would you consider scaling back in that business?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, let me we've known for some time that this business is a business thats subject to basis and spread. And on some of our past presentations, we've talked about how... what those sources of income are on a relative basis and of course our Energy Services people are always looking for opportunities to take advantage of market inconsistencies. The optimization piece that you're referring to in the past is represented roughly about 10% of our business and thereabouts. But scaling backward a relative percentage, I don't know Jim, I might ask if you have any comments you want to make?
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: I would just probably add to that. First, John, I mean... I don't mean this as an excuse, but the business is pretty complex and in past presentations, we've tried to just kind of point to a few things that drive it. And of course, that I just said, the summer-to-winter spread, when you have 90 Bcf to 100 Bcf of gas storage thats one big driver. But you can't take it in the vacuum, because we also pay for leasing storage, we receive demand fees from customers. If there is volatility in the market, we are able to roll gas in and out of storage and capture additional margins. So I guess what I'm trying to say is there is not any one indicator, but there are a couple indicators that can give you a sense of the business that summer-to-winter spread being one and just the volatility and natural gas price being the other. So in terms of our scaling the business back, we continually look at the assets we lease, the returns we're getting from those and making decisions on what to renew or not we know. So that's just an ongoing part of our business.
Jonathan Lanfear - Wachovia: Great. I appreciate it. Thanks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Jonathan, did that answer your question?
Jonathan Lanfear - Wachovia: I think so, yes.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question come from Brooke Mullin with J.P. Morgan.
Brooke Mullin - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. On the --
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Good morning.
Brooke Mullin - J.P. Morgan: On the Overland Pass, you mentioned the ability to increase the capacity there with pump facility. Could you give us a sense of the capital cost?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, as we mentioned, there is a couple of charges. The first one is an incremental move to, I think, a 150 and then it goes to like 220. So you have different levels and Terry, do you have any direction here?
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Sure John. As far as the increase in capacity, generally what we're looking at are additional pump facilities that we would install along the pipeline. And those pump facilities come generally the cost in the neighborhood of $3 million to $5 million per pump station. So if you looked at an increase to 220,000 barrels per day, we're looking at an increase in pump facilities of about seven... that is seven separate pump stations. So you can do the math on that and get a feel for it and a flavor for the cost. So, it's not like a major line loop that you might expect. So, it's... we designed the pipe with sufficient diameter where we could easily layer in fairly low cost incremental capacity expansions.
Brooke Mullin - J.P. Morgan: Great, thank you.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes. I would add one of the unique things about expanding our NGL pipeline infrastructure is the low cost of capital required to add these increments and you add these increments when you have a need or a demand and so usually they are backed by a producer or a customer. But we always had the probity to increase the pipeline capacity at risk.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Easterbrook with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Easterbrook - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Quick question again on CapEx. Aside from the Guardian project, has any cost of any project changed materially since January?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: The only comment... the answer is no. But the only comment that was made was by Terry Spencer, which not knowing where we are going to end up. We know where we are going to end up, which is we are going to finish the last 60 miles of the pipeline. When we do that, we are in the process of working with the various federal agencies involved and so we're just, I think we said something in the order of magnitude that we don't expect anything beyond 10% but, certainly there... our inability to agree is to when we can go back and finish that pipe is doing nothing but delaying us. And there... we're just saying there may be some cost associated with that.
Mark Easterbrook - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: But, we are hopeful that they... we are hopeful that they, although we all have the best interests of the wildlife and the sage grouse in mind, we're hopeful that we are able to find a way we can move forward quickly.
Mark Easterbrook - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And my question is more related to projects outside of Guardian, MG&A cost for materials or labor in other projects?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: No.
Mark Easterbrook - RBC Capital Markets: No? Okay. And then secondly, just looking out into the futures market. I mean obviously you're benefiting from a very strong commodity pricing environment and the second quarter is probably going to play out very much in the same fashion. How much longer can this type of environment go forward, if you look out into the futures market I guess my question is how far out can you guys hedge?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, I'm pretty sure in the press release we are hedged... we have information with regard to gathering and processing, which is where most of our exposure is for the balance of this year. Pierce is --
Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: I think the question was how far out have we hedged, that's through 2008.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: So which is the balance of this year?
Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Right.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Your question is for as how long.
Mark Easterbrook - RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, that's a tough one for us to answer. I think there are... I think you all read the same things we read. There is just a whole lot of different external factors that affect the price of crude and affect the price of natural gas. We are not predictors rather we structure our business so that we can may make money in any environment and our people are always attempting to do so. It appears this is editorial, but it appears that this strong price environment will continue. And there are... as I said others much smarter than we that are also saying the same.
Mark Easterbrook - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rebecca Followill with Tudor Pickering.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering: Hi, two more questions for you. On storage, given the lower spreads and the lower volume [ph], would you guys consider dropping some of the lease storage that you have?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, Rebecca
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering: Not renewing contracts?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, wed look at that constantly, but again the storage that we lease is, I mean its sort of a continuous process. As we sign up LDC customers to sell gas to, we've got to have storage to sell that service and the variable there is how wide is the summer-to-winter spread going to be. That said, we every year go through and try to look at our various facilities and the returns we might make and try to make predictions about the summer-winter spread and volatility. So that's a long way to say, yes. There is a potential, we could not renew some storage.
Pierce H. Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: And in fact, we... there has been storage we have not renewed. So the energy services people do, if you will, a marginal analysis on their storage positions to determine whether or not the value created by that storage position is flowing through to the demand fees that we are receiving. Obviously, we benefit from the partnership with rising storage fees that disadvantage to Energy Services and so they are always in this risk reward review.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering: Thanks. And then the other question is on the new areas that you talked about CapEx 2010 to 2015. Is that... or the new capital that you would spend, is that in the existing core areas where you really operate or would you branch out?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Well, the short answer is we would branch out if we felt it was strategic and would benefit the company long-term. The numbers that we're referring to are primarily what I will say are either internal to the footprint, expansions or add-on as opposed to step out.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering: Thank you very much.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Robin Levine with JPMorgan.
Robin Levine  J.P. Morgan: Hi, how are you?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Hi, Robin, how are you doing?
Robin Levine  J.P. Morgan: Good. I had a question on the debt side. You mentioned your revolver availability at OKF is completely available to you. If you could give me the revolver availability at the OKE level and if you might comment on your appetite if any to access debt markets at either entity?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, Robin, this is Curtis. At ONEOK, we have a $1.2 billion revolver and we actually used that to backstop our commercial paper program. At the end of the quarter, we had about $265 million of commercial paper outstanding. So more than 1 billion of capacity there. In terms of accessing the debt markets this... next year or the balance of 2008, we don't have any current plans to do that. We feel pretty good position with both of the companies.
Robin Levine  J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: You are welcome.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay, well. Thank you everyone. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners call. As a remainder, our quite period for the second quarter will start when we close our books in early July and will extend until earnings are released. We will provide you with the reporting date and conference call information for the second quarter at a later date. Christy Williamson and I are available throughout the day for any follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Harrison - VP Communications and IR John W. Gibson - CEO, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and CEO, ONEOK Partners, L.P. Curtis L. Dinan - Sr. VP, CFO and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P. Pierce Norton - EVP, Natural Gas Terry Spencer - EVP, Natural Gas Liquids James C. Kneale - President and COO
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the ONEOK Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be a question-and-answer session, and instruction for follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Harrison. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Dan Harrison - Vice President Communications and Investor Relations: Good morning and welcome everyone. As we begin this morning's conference call, I remind you that any statements that might include ONEOK or ONEOK Partners expectations or predictions should be considered forward-looking statements, which are covered by the Safe Harbor provision of the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934. It's important to note that actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer ONEOK and ONEOK Partners filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now John Gibson, who serves as CEO of ONEOK, and Chairman and President and CEO of ONEOK Partners, John?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Dan; and good morning everyone, and many thanks for participating in our call. Joining me today are Jim Kneale, ONEOK's President and Chief Operating Officer; Curtis Dinan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners; Pierce Norton ONEOK Partners Executive Vice President of Natural Gas; and Terry Spencer, ONEOK Partners Executive Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids. Here is our agenda this morning. Following a few opening remarks, we will discuss ONEOK Partners first, and then review ONEOK. Curtis will start us off and review ONEOK Partners financial performance followed by Pierce and Terry, who will review the partnerships operating performance. Then Curtis will return to review ONEOK's financial performance and Jim will review ONEOK's operating performance. Then I will make a few closing comments before we take your questions. ONEOK had an exceptional fourth quarter with net income increasing almost 40%. For the year after adjusting for the one-time gain that occurred in ONEOK Partners in 2006 on the sale of 20% interest in Northern Border Pipeline, ONEOK's annual net income increased more than 10%. For both the fourth quarter and the year, all three of ONEOK's segments performed extremely well. In the quarter, ONEOK Partners benefited from higher commodity prices that positively affected the partnerships gathering and process in operations. And the NGL pipeline business had its first quarter of earnings from the North System, the NGL and refined petroleum products pipeline we acquired on October 1. For the year, the ONEOK Partners segment was positively affected by the continued growth of NGL supply in the Mid-Continent region, which resulted in more barrels of NGLs being gathered, fractionated, transported, and sold. It's also worth noting that the partnerships natural gas gathering and processing business turned in solid results for the year, especially since they had to overcome anticipated contract terminations late in 2006, which reduced volumes available for processing. The distribution segment turned in higher results for the fourth quarter and full year primarily as a result of new rates schedules in Kansas and Texas. The new Kansas rate schedule added $13.5 million of margins in the fourth quarter and $51.1 million for the full year. Our energy services segment had a good year and exceptional quarter, fourth quarter results benefited from improved transportation, storage and marketing margins. However, full year results were lower primarily due to reduced transportation margins caused by lower basis differentials and the impact of the third quarter Cheyenne Plains pipeline outage that we discussed at our last conference call. So, now let's take a more detailed look at ONEOK Partners. Curtis Dinan will now review the financial highlights and results. Curtis?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, John and good morning. ONEOK Partners continued its outstanding performance in 2007 with a really strong fourth quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter of 2007 was $122 million or $1.27 per unit compared with $80 million or $0.82 per unit in the fourth quarter of 2006. During the fourth quarter of 2007, our gathering and processing segment benefited from strong commodity prices. Our natural gas liquids pipeline segment benefited from the North System acquisition that was completed during the quarter and increased throughput related to new NGL supply connections. Full year 2007 net income was $408 million or $4.21 per unit, excluding a gain from the sale of a 20% interest in Northern Border Pipeline during 2006, net income for 2007 increased $76 million or 23% over 2006. For the year, distributable cash flow increased 27% to $466 million or $4.92 per unit. During 2007, our natural gas liquids businesses grew from the connection of new NGL supplies and our gathering and processing business delivered higher results despite lower processed volumes due to contract terminations in late 2006. During 2007, the partnership completed the $300 million North System acquisition and spent $650 million on capital expenditures for its growth projects including the Overland Pass pipeline and related NGL infrastructure upgrades. The Guardian II expansion and the Midwestern extension; these expenditures have been financed with available cash, our revolving credit agreement and the issuance of $600 million of 30 year notes. ONEOK Partners ended 2007 with 900 million available under our $1 billion revolving credit agreement. The partnership remains well positioned to execute its growth capital program that is expected to contribute incremental EBITDA during the second quarter of this year as Overland Pass pipeline and related infrastructure, upgrades, and expansions come online. Recently, ONEOK Partners increased its quarterly distribution to an annualized rate of $4.10 per unit. This is the eighth consecutive distribution increase since the dropdown of the ONEOK assets in April of 2006. During this period, the partnership has increased distributions by 28%, demonstrating our commitment to growing unit holder distributions. At the new annualized distribution rate of $4.10, our distribution coverage ratio for 2007 was 1.2 times providing the opportunity to consider additional distribution increases in future. John, that concludes my remarks regarding the partnerships financials.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Curtis. Now let's review the operating results of ONEOK Partners, which as you recall now consisted of four segments, two in natural gas and two in natural gas liquids. First, Pierce Norton will discuss the two natural gas segments, gathering and processing and natural gas pipelines. Pierce?
Pierce Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas: Thanks John. and good morning. The natural gas gathering and processing segment had an exceptional quarter and a very solid year. This segment is based on diversity contributed to volume stability with growth in the Rockies continuing to offset decline in the mid-continent region. In the fourth quarter of 2007, the segment's operating income increased by more than $35 million primarily from high-realized commodity prices, which added $19.8 million. The quarter also benefited from an $8.6 million contract settlement that results several outstanding issues that had occurred over a number of years. This settlement was tied to a contract renegotiation with one of our producers. These events happen frequently in this business that are not usually this large. The important takeaway in this instance is that the new contract is in place on the same volume and no future earnings were affected by this settlement. When looking at the full year 2007, the gathering and processing segment contributed slightly more income than in 2006. A notable feed considering the decline in process volumes from the anticipated contract terminations in late 2006. Through a combination of our employees' commercial efforts and a strong focus on controlling operating cost, we were able to exceed the prior year's record performance. Recently processing spreads have tightened, giving us a good reason to talk about its impact on this segment. Our contract mix by volume currently stands at 61% fee, 30% is percent of proceeds and only 9% is keep hold, which are the contracts that are affected by processing spreads. As a result, the processing spread has less impact on our earnings in this segment. In addition to having less than 10% of our volume susceptible to the processing spread, we ended the year with more than 84% of our keep hold contracts containing conditioning language, allowing them to convert to a fee when processing spreads are negative well above of our stated goal to incorporate conditioning language on 75% of the keep hold volumes. When you combine all of our commodity affected contracts, percent of proceeds and keep hold, the greatest sensitivities are to natural gas liquids and crude oil prices. We have taken steps to secure the revenue affected by price movement on these two commodities by locking in 2008 prices on 70% of our expected NGL production at an average price of $1.28 per gallon and a 74% of our expected condensate production at $2.15 per gallon or $90.30 per barrel. Now taking a look at our growth activity in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, the first phase of Ford Union Gas Gathering system expansion in the Powder River Basin was completed in November. The final phase is expected to go into service by mid-year. As a 37% owner of Fort Union, our equity earnings will continue to increase in the future with a completion of this project. Upon completion of the final phase of the Grasslands processing plant expansion expected later this year we are poised to capture the growth in and around this Williston Basin asset. For the third consecutive year, we have experienced a record number of new well connects in this region. There are currently 50 plus rigs operating in North Dakota indicating a start to yet another record year for drilling. The natural gas pipeline segment earnings were down slightly in the fourth quarter primarily due to higher employee related costs. Excluding the gain of the sale of 20% of Northern Border Pipeline in the second quarter of 2006, earnings were also down for the full year primarily as a result of decreased transportation revenues from slightly lower throughput and higher fuel costs. This was partially offset by higher storage revenues from both new contracts and renegotiated rates on existing contracts. Equity earnings, which consist primarily of our Northern Border Pipeline are relatively flat in the fourth quarter, but were down for the year due primarily to reduced ownership in the Northern Border Pipeline. Looking at our growth projects for the Natural Gas Pipeline Segment, in December, we received and accepted the certificate of public convenience and necessity issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the Guardian Pipeline expansion and extension. The certificate authorizes us to construct, install and operate the 119 mile extension into the Green Bay area. Currently this project is on schedule as reported, and is estimated to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2008. The Midwestern Gas Transmission extension project was completed and put into service in early January and would deliver the first full year of earnings in 2008. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks Pierce. Now Terry Spencer will review the two natural gas liquid segment, gathering and fractionation in NGL pipelines. Terry?
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. The natural gas liquids businesses had another outstanding quarter topping up a great year. We continue to see NGL volume growth positively affecting both segments and as drilling and exploration activity drive new natural gas process and plan developments particularly in Oklahoma, and Texas Panhandle. Now let's take a look at each natural gas liquid segment. The natural gas liquid gathering and fractionation segments, fourth quarter results benefited from higher volumes, driven by both new NGL supplies connected to our system, and growth from existing plant connections, and higher product price spreads. Gathered volumes were up 17% and fractionated volumes were up 23% over the same period last year. During the fourth quarter, we connected one new processing plant to our Mid-Continent System, bringing the total to four new plants connected in 2007, adding approximately 16,000 barrels per day new NGL supplies, and 15 new connections adding over 60,000 barrels per day, since we acquire these assets back in July 2005. For the year the gathering and fractionation segments EBITDA increased 22%, again primarily driven by increased NGL volumes from new supply connections as well as higher throughput at our Mont Belvieu fractionator. In 2007, we also saw higher spreads between products and locations. In 2008, we will continue to stay focussed on adding new NGL supplies to our Mid-Continent gathering and fractionation systems. And in fact work is under way to connect as many as seven new gas processing plants during the year, adding approximately 36,000 barrels per day. To accommodate some of this growth, we recently announced a $25 million expansion over Oklahoma NGL gathering system to connect two new gas processing plants, operated by Devon Energy and Antero Resources in the Woodford Shale Play in southeast Oklahoma. These two plants will have the ability to produce approximately 25,000 barrels per day with NGLs adding new supplies to our Mid-Continent system as well as our previously announced Arbuckle Pipeline once it is completed. Our natural gas liquids pipeline segment also had an exceptional fourth quarter. NGL lines transported were up more than 50% compared with the fourth quarter last year driven by NGL supply growth from new plant connections and the addition of the North System and interstate NGL and refine petroleum products pipeline system and related assets we acquired in October of 2007. During our first quarter operations of the North System, we have already started pursuing opportunities to enhance the system to meet growing customer needs and to position the assets for future growth. Also during the fourth quarter 2007, we began construction on the Overland Pass pipeline. As you may recall, we received approval last October from various local states and federal agencies to begin construction on the pipeline. Recent heavy snowfall and high winds in Wyoming have presented some construction challenges. Winter conditions this year have been far worse than any winter in recent history and many locals suggest that conditions this severe have not been seen or experienced in Southern Wyoming since the early 1980. We have also been requested by the Wyoming office of the Federal Bureau of Land Management to temporarily idle pipeline construction in certain areas to accommodate the seasonal migration patterns of big game animals and the nesting activities of birds of prey. We are working diligently in cooperation with the BLM to develop timely plans for the completion of construction within those areas. BLM lands account to less than 10% of the entire project route. Our construction periods continue to make good progress on the projects in other parts of Wyoming, Colorado, and Kansas. As with any pipeline construction project of this magnitude completion and cost of the project can be impacted by risk factors beyond our control, such as the weather and the surrounding natural environment. Overland Pass is currently expected to begin operating during the second quarter. At present, more than 50% of the pipeline construction has been completed. Contracting with NGL supplies relating to Overland Pass continue to move forward as we are nearing final agreements with several suppliers to commit as much as 50,000 barrels per day of NGLs to our the new pipeline, for which when combined with the Williams dedication of 60,000 barrels per day from two plants in Wyoming and 30,000 barrels per day from two plants in the Piceance basin in Colorado, bringing the total commitments to Overland Pass to approximately 140,000 barrels per day. We will announce more details when definitive agreements with the new suppliers are finalized assuming the suppliers agreed to such announcement. We also continued to make good progress on permitting and right of way acquisitions relating to two of our previously announced projects, the Arbuckle pipeline in the Piceance Lateral. To-date nearly 70% of the total 440 mile Arbuckle route has been surveyed. Pipe at the steel mill continues to be rolled with over 300 miles completed and early 250 miles of pipe has been delivered. Regarding the Piceance Lateral, we continue to work closely with BLM to complete the required construction permitting process in the timely manner. Our supply activities for Arbuckle are making favorable progress as new natural gas processing plant projects continue to be proposed along the planned pipeline route. We are in discussions with those parties for NGL supply commitments to our pipeline. Drilling success in Barnett Shale and Woodford Shale and other areas along the proposed route particularly in Southern Okalahoma and North Texas continue to drive new processing plant projects. The Arbuckle pipeline is well positioned to serve those new plants and the associated incremental NGL production. At the time of start up in early 2009, we currently expect Arbuckle to be shipping approximately 65,000 barrels per day of NGLs to our Mont Belvieu fractionator and other facilities in the Texas Golf Coast. These volumes are consistent with our initial business plan and economic analysis for the project. In addition to the 65,000 barrels per day, we have committed by start up, we also currently are in negotiations with the owners pending new plant projects that could add another 20,000 barrels per day to Arbuckle. As you begin to link together, the pieces of the growing supplied picture in the Rockies and Mid-Continent and Central Texas, the lead and purpose for Arbuckle becomes very evident. The completion will link the United States major production growth periods to the Texas Golf Coast markets. In the Piceance Basin, the supplier outlook for NGLs remains robust. New natural gas process and capacity in the field has come online producing large volumes of NGLs tightening the capacity of the existing NGL infrastructure. In addition to already committed production from two Williams processing plant from the Piceance Basin, which are capable of producing up to $30,000 barrels per of NGLs. We will be well positioned to serve other gas processing plants as well as existing NGL infrastructure to move NGL as this rapidly growing region. With more than $1.1 billion in growth activities underway in our NGL businesses, we remain very focused on the successful execution of this project. We also continue to assess new expansion opportunities within our core footprint and those regions to be accessed by the large pipeline project that we currently have under way. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, Terry. Now, let's turn our focus ONEOK, where Curtis Dinan will now review ONEOK's fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial highlights. Curtis?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income in the fourth quarter of 2007 was $103 million or $0.98 per share compared with net income of $75 million or $0.66 per share in 2006. All of ONEOK's segments performed very well during the quarter. In addition to the results for ONEOK Partners that were previously discussed, our distribution segment benefited from rate increases. Our energy services segment benefited from improved transportation margins and higher storage and marketing margins resulting from higher seasonal storage spreads. Full year 2007 net income was $305 million or $2.79 per share. Excluding ONEOK share of ONEOK Partners gain from the sale of a 20% interest in Northern Border Pipeline during 2006, net income for 2007 increased $31 million or 11% over 2006. As previously described, our ONEOK Partners segment performed very well during the year. The partnerships for distribution increases for 2007 have increased with annualized distribution by $0.18. These distribution increases create an additional 6.7 million of annual cash flow from the limited partner unit that ONEOK owns. It also increases the incentive distributions to ONEOK's general partner interest by $15 million annually. With the growth forecast by ONEOK Partners from its 1.6 billion of internal growth projects and the recently completed North System acquisition, we expect future distribution increases will continue to create earnings and cash flow growth for ONEOK. On a standalone basis, ONEOK ended 2007 with a debt-to-capital ratio of 51%. Last week, ONEOK retired 402 million of maturing long-term debt primarily with available cash that reduced our debt-to-capital ratio to approximately 47%. During 2007, standalone cash flows from operations excluding the effects of working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividends by $182. Looking forward to 2008, we anticipate that free cash flows will continue to be in $160 million to $200 million range. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks, Curtis. Now Jim Kneale will review ONEOK's operating performance. Jim?
James C. Kneale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you John, and good morning. Pierce, Terry, and Curtis have already discussed ONEOK Partners 2007 results and the partnerships expected earnings growth, so I won't spend any time on those issues. However, I will remind you that growth and earnings at ONEOK Partners has and will continue to resolve in significant additional earnings growth at ONEOK because of our 45% ownership position in the partnership and our role as general partner. Looking at our distribution segment, we had solid performance in the fourth quarter and the full year. In the fourth quarter, operating income increased to $61 million, which is 24% over last year. The increase was due to implementation of new rates scheduled in Kansas and Texas and lower operating costs partially offset by reduced volumes in Oklahoma as a result of the December ice storm when many of our customers were without electricity. For the year, the story is similar. Operating income improved to $174 million compared with $118 million in 2006. New rates are returned to more normal weather and a continued emphasis on cost control were the primary drivers. The significant improvement in margins over last year was primarily the result of the implementation of new rate schedules in Kansas and Texas as well as higher residential and commercial sales volumes. Operating cost for the year increased slightly affected by higher bad debt expense in Oklahoma. However, our bad debt expense still remains below industry averages. Although property taxes were higher in Kansas, there is an offset in margins as they are recovered to a surcharge mechanism. Our efforts to control expenses through process improvement and other initiatives continued to show results across all three distribution companies. Our efficiency in metrics such as the number customers per employee increased in both the quarter and the year. We continue to make progress on the regulatory front. This month, we received approval to implement $3.1 million in new rates in El Paso effective February 15, 2008. In August, we filed for a capital recovery mechanism in Oklahoma that would allow us to recover and earn a return on capital investments made for expanding and maintaining our distribution systems. We have similar capital recovery mechanism in Texas and Kansas. On February 15, 2008, the administrative law judge recommend approval for us to recover $7.6 million to a customer surcharge billing in 2008, we believe the commission will sign the order in the next few weeks. Looking forward, we will continue our focus on improving profitability and returns through execution of our integrated strategy. Now, turning to energy services segment; the fourth quarter was strong and the highest ever. Operating income was $76 million, up almost $15 million from the same period in 2006. Improved transportation, storage and marketing margins were the big drivers as higher seasonal storage spreads and withdrawals occured partially offset by lower financial trading margins. Operating income for 2007 of $205 million was below last years results, primarily due to reduced transportation margin and the third quarter 2000 an impact of the Cheyenne Plains gas pipe line outage that John already mentioned. We also saw higher lease storage fees and lower natural gas price volatility then in 2006. Offsetting these declines were improved storage margins due to higher realized seasonal storage spreads increased revenues from premium services sold and optimization activities. The volume of natural gas marketed increased in 2007 and the margin for unit remains strong at $0.19 per Mcf, which is down slightly from last year. In 2006, we benefited from usually high natural gas price volatility as a result of supply disruptions created by the 2005 hurricanes. Our 2007 earnings reflect a summer-winter pattern of high first and fourth quarter earnings driven by sales of natural gas related to winter weather. This logically follows the profile of our large demand base customers local distribution companies. Unless we see extreme weather event this summer and fall, which impacts natural gas pricing, we would expect the 2008 earnings pattern to follow the same trend. John, that concludes my remarks.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thanks Jim, before we open it up to questions, let me make a few additional comments. While the partnership's primary focus last year, and again this year is on the safe timely execution of our large growth projects, we are continuing in our efforts to find additional opportunities to grow. It's worth noting that in 2007 alone, we identified, developed and announced more than $500 million in large growth projects, primarily the Piceance NGL Pipeline Lateral that will connect to the Overland Pass pipeline and the Arbuckle NGL Pipeline that will transport volumes from the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma and the Barnett Shale in Texas to the Texas Gulf Coast. These two projects along with a few smaller ones are in addition to the more than $1 billion in growth projects we announced in 2006. Going forward, we are confident in our ability to develop additional large growth projects and acquisitions, reaffirming our belief that we have the right assets in the right places with a significant amount of embedded growth potential. And because of the efforts of our employees, we are constantly in the market place talking to producers and customers to identify new opportunities to grow. In closing, I would like to thank all of our employees, who make ONEOK a great place to work, to do business with, to invest in. Without their contribution and hard work, we could not deliver these results. Operator, we are now ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Ted Chung [ph] from Bear Stearns.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning, thanks for your earnings call and congratulations. I had two questions; one is regarding the comments you just made at the end about the growth initiatives and acquisition strategy. Where would you see within the context of those comments, your... where would you see your ratings or where would you be willing to let your credit ratings go or not go. And then the second question is if you could address whether or not you have any debt issuance plans or the probability of capital markets transactions this year of both the partnership and the parent?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Ted, this is John Gibson. I will answer you this way and then turn it to Curtis for more detail. But as far as our credit ratings, we have stated many times, we have an investment grade rating and we intend to keep that it's very important to us as we manage and grow this portfolio of assets. Curtis, is there anything you like to add to that point?
Curtis L. Dinan - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Ted, this is Curtis. Just to echo what John said, and as I mentioned in my remarks, we have finished 2007 with capacity of about 900 million on our revolving credit agreement. We just completed the $600 million offering last fall, which was used to finance the North System acquisition and to at that completely pay down the revolver. We are now into the revolver at about a $200 million level. So it's going up a little bit since year-end, but that leaves, $800 billion available to finance projects that we have coming through the balance of 2008. Ted, did that answer for your question?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, yes.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: More questions?
Unidentified Analyst: No that's great. Thank you.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: You are welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question is from Louis Shimmy [ph] from Zimmer Lucas.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon everybody; congratulation on strong year. My question was regarding your expected NGL volumes for the next year. What was implied by the hedging guidance that you gave was something like a 177 million gallons expected productions for 2008. I am just wondering how that compares to your 2007 numbers?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Louis, it's John. I am not sure that I've got those numbers in gallons, but I will refer this to Terry, and I am not even sure what we put in the guidance. But I am not sure that we put an expected volume.
Unidentified Analyst: I am just using the amount of NGLs that you hedged in the 70% numbers that?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: You've got two different issues here. So, let me try it up.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Separate those and clarify. The first is the liquids that were hedged are in the... are the equity NGL barrels or gallons that are produced and owned by the gathering and processing segment. So, those are different from all of the barrels that we gather and fractionate and market inside of our gathering and fractionation segment in our NGL business.
Unidentified Analyst: I understand that, I guess what I am asking is of those equity volumes, how does your expectation for 2008 compared to the equity volumes that you took on in 2007?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: I am sorry; Louis, you are talking about the price expectations. Is that correct?
Unidentified Analyst: No, the volume expectations.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Volume expectations; well, I will get the question right here in a minute.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Let me... since I am not doing a very good job, this I will flip it to Pierce.
Pierce Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas: Well, Louis, the way I would answer that is that the volume expectations that we used in the guidance is the same ones that we go back to look at for what the amount that we hedged. So those volumes actually are in support of what were in the guidance and what we hedged.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and historically for the year that has just ended, what would the comparable numbers be? Would it be higher or lower than what you are expecting?
Pierce Norton - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas: The hedges that are in place are inline and supportive of their guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks a lot.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Thank you, Louis.
Operator: The next question is from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Good morning.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Good morning, Faisel, how are you?
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: All right. How are you doing?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Fine, thank you.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about NGL demand, kind of higher level in terms of what you are seeing your customers? Is there any softness in demand, given the supposed slowdown in the economy that we are seeing or how your customers reacting to current price?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Faisel, it's John. The short answer is we've not seen any degradation in our... in the demand whether that be in the refining business or petrochemical business, but perhaps Terry could share a bit more detail on that.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: John, what I can add to that is that the outlook... you read the reports and studies on the petrochemical side, particularly which is a bulk of the demand. And you do see some outlook for some degradation driven by the economy. But we are... right now, the signals are mixed, I mean we are seeing still... continue to see strong demand and consumption. The utilization rates at crackers are as high as they have ever been; international demand is still very strong. So you are getting kind of mixed signals. Where that lead us, we don't know?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Faisel,the other thing I would add is the component of the barrel that is on the margin from the demand standpoint is as it has been in the past, ethane. But I think it goes without saying that all components other than ethane remain very strong. Ethane for... in general is about a third of anybody's barrel.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Right.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: And so we keep a very watchful eye on ethane.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay.
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Faisel,on the heavy side, we are seeing very strong demand across the board on heavy products.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Right. Mostly from your refining customers, I would take it.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Would you mind repeating that?
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Mostly from your refining customers?
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: Right.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes, right, correct.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: And then in terms of the Overland Pass pipeline, everything is... is everything on time in our budget compared to your last estimates?
Terry Spencer - Executive Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids: So far, everything is looking good. I did indicate in my statement this issue with the Bureau Land Management and we are working with them very closely to get back into some of these sensitive areas, but right now the project is making very good headway, particularly in Colorado and Kansas; and right now our expectation still for the pipeline to be operational in second quarter.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: And then in terms of the $1.6 billion of growth projects you have underway, is there any... is that a firm number or is there any room for inflation in those numbers or costs?
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Overall, those $1.6 billion represents the dollars we anticipate spending in total for all of those. So, if you would... any contingency that we expect or have planned are in those numbers as I think Terry or may be Pierce pointed out in their remarks, anytime you are in aggressive building campaign with particularly large projects. You always stay on the opportunity, unfortunately or the risk for unforeseen things to happen. But we don't have any of those dollars in there, because quite candidly, I don't know exactly how you would deal with that uncertainty.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay. How does your procurement for those materials work? Have you ordered close to the pipe and compression and pumping equipment or --
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Yes,what you are dealing with right now is just like to for example what Terry is pointing out is lot of snow, particularly on Overland Pass. But all the materials have been acquired, the long lead items... in many cases we are already on ground, we've got pipe for Arbuckle, which is already sitting on the ground. We are in the process of acquiring right of way for all the pipelines that we have announced. And again, as it stands right now, we are... we feel very confident in our numbers and in our schedule.
Faisel Khan - Smith Barney Citigroup: Great, thanks for the time. I appreciate it.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: You bet, Faisel.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. There are no further questions.
John W. Gibson - Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK, Inc.; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, ONEOK Partners, L.P.: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. This concludes the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners call. As a reminder, our quiet period for the first quarter will start when we close our books in early April and will extend until the earnings are released. We will provide a reporting date and conference call information for the first quarter at a later date. Christy Williamson and I will be available throughout the day for any follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you participating in today's conference. This concludes the program; you may now disconnect.
