===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-15 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Omnicom Group Inc. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Gregory Lundberg, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our website, omnicomgroup.com, will find a press release and a presentation covering the information that we will review today. An archived webcast will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I would like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements. They represent our present expectations, and relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2024 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results, and after our prepared remarks, we will open the lines up for your questions. I will now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter 2025 results. I will begin by covering our results and then provide an update on the progress we are making towards closing our proposed acquisition of Interpublic. I am pleased to report that we have had a good start to the year. Organic revenue growth in the first quarter was in line with our expectations of 3.4%, with strong growth in our media and advertising, and precision marketing disciplines. Adjusted EBITDA margin, which excludes amortization of acquired and strategic platform intangibles, as well as IPG acquisition-related costs, was 13.8% for the quarter. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share, which excludes the after-tax amortization of acquired and strategic platform intangibles, as well as IPG acquisition-related costs, was $1.70, up 1.8% versus the comparable number in Q1 2024. Our cash flow and balance sheet remain very strong and support our primary uses of cash: dividends, acquisitions, and share repurchases. For most of the first quarter, we were restricted from purchasing shares until after our shareholder vote on the acquisition of Interpublic on March 18th. We expect to continue our share repurchases consistent with our approach in prior years for the remainder of 2025. Since our last call, as you are all keenly aware, there has been increased volatility in the economy and the markets. We are assessing the implication of these events to determine how they will affect our clients and our business. As in past periods of uncertainty, our clients must continue to compete for share in a dynamic marketplace by investing and leveraging the strength of their brands and actively expanding their connection with customers. Internally, our management teams are continuing to drive operational excellence, manage costs in line with revenue, and monitor changes in the macro environment. Given the uncertainty of the current environment, we are expanding the range of full-year 2025 organic growth to between 2.5% and 4.5% and maintaining our adjusted EBITDA margin guidance to 10 basis points higher than the 15.5% we achieved in 2024. Nothing about the current environment impacts our confidence in our business and strategy or our ability to create new services and win new business. On the technology front, AI is touching every aspect of how our people work. It augments our insights and creativity, increases the speed and volume of personalized content, raises the level of effectiveness in targeting customers, expands the knowledge of our talent, and makes our operations more efficient. All of this is driving transformative outcomes for our clients. Much of this is enabled by Omni AI, our open-source platform that leverages the industry's leading generative AI models for text, graphics, video, and audio trained for our agency-specific use cases in areas such as strategy, content, and creative. Thousands of our people use Omni AI, and we expect to add more users with the goal of having it on the desktop of every client-facing Omnicom Group Inc. employee by the end of the year. At this point, most advances are to provide state-of-the-art tools to our employees. We expect that as AI tools become more reliable and are deployed to more clients, they will result in measurable efficiencies for our business. This work directly contributed to recent recognition. In March, we were named a leader in the Forrester Wave for marketing creative and content services. Omnicom Precision Marketing Group and Omnicom Advertising Group were recognized for their strong strategic and current offering, respectively. This evaluation followed Omnicom Group Inc. being named a leader across two other recent Forrester evaluations: media and commerce. Omnicom Group Inc. is the only company named a leader in Forrester's wave reports for content, commerce, and media in 2024 and 2025. Several of our agency networks are also recognized for outstanding performance during the quarter. On AdAge's A-List, OMD was named media agency of the year, and GSD&M was recognized as an agency standout. TBWA was named to Fast Company's most innovative company list for the sixth time. PHD won Adweek's Global Media Agency of the Year for the second consecutive year after successfully defending $4 billion in business while reengineering its strategy for an AI-powered future. I want to congratulate everybody on these achievements. Turning now to our proposed acquisition of Interpublic, we made progress throughout the quarter. In March, along with Interpublic, we received overwhelming support from our respective stockholders when they voted to approve the proposed transaction. This strong support confirms the immense opportunity of having complementary assets come together to create an unmatched portfolio of talent, services, products, and platforms. We also made progress on the regulatory approval front. In the last five weeks, we received approval from five of the eighteen jurisdictions under review. In the months ahead, we will continue to work on obtaining all the necessary regulatory approvals. We remain on track to close in the second half of 2025. We continue to develop plans for integrating our businesses with Interpublic. We have successfully organized our portfolio at Omnicom Group Inc. by aligning our agencies into marketing disciplines or practice areas to strengthen our depth of expertise and capabilities and to enhance collaboration across the group. This structure provides a seamless path for bringing together our operations with Interpublic, adding deeper expertise and capabilities to each practice area following the closing of the acquisition. Moreover, across the board, our practice areas will be underpinned by the best-in-class tech and data platforms, including Acxiom, Omni, and Flywheel Commerce Cloud, a combination that will position us to thrive in an AI-driven future. Finally, we have made progress on our integration planning work, which will help us meet our targeted $750 million in run-rate cost synergies following the closing of the proposed transaction. As I have discussed in February, we have clearly identified areas of synergy opportunity, and our integration planning is well underway to ensure we achieve our targets. We believe our multiyear plan and the successful acquisition of Interpublic will create significant shareholder value. In closing, we had a good start to the year and are focusing on servicing our clients in these unsettled times and are on track to close the acquisition of Interpublic in the second half of the year. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John. We delivered solid results this quarter, including organic revenue growth, growth in adjusted EBITDA, and growth in non-GAAP adjusted diluted EPS. We believe that diversification of our portfolio of agencies across geographies, industries, and service offerings will help us in the uncertain environment ahead. Let's begin with a brief overview of our earnings for the quarter on slide three. Reported revenue grew 2%. Note, our total reported operating expenses include $33.8 million of IPG acquisition-related costs in the first quarter of 2025. At the bottom of this slide, the non-GAAP measures remove these IPG acquisition-related costs from adjusted EBITDA, which was also up 2%, and the related margin was flat with last year at 13.8%. Now let's go into a more detailed review of our performance, beginning with changes in revenue on slide four. Organic growth in the quarter was 3.4%. The impact on revenue from foreign currency translation decreased reported revenue by 1.6%, a bit less than our original expectation for the quarter of 2.0 to 2.5%. In the current environment, it's difficult to forecast the impact of FX rates on our future revenue for the rest of 2025. If rates stay where they were at quarter-end, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation on revenue will be negative 0.5% for Q2 2025, negative 1% for Q3, and flat in Q4, which would result in a negative 1% reduction for the full year 2025. The net impact of acquisitions and dispositions on reported revenue was negative 0.1%. At this time, we expect the impact of acquisitions and dispositions completed to date will be minimal for Q2 and for the full year 2025. Let's turn to slide five and review the quarterly organic revenue growth trends by discipline. First, however, I would like to point out a change we made for 2025. In connection with the rollout of Omnicom Group Inc. production, Omnicom advertising group, we have made some minor reclassifications of certain revenue related to changes in the agent groupings across our service discipline categories. You can find the revised revenue by discipline presentation with the reclassifications of the historical 2024 and 2023 numbers in the appendix on slides 21 and 22. Turning to the quarter, media and advertising was up 7%, driven by strong growth in our media businesses across our geographies and mixed performance across our advertising agencies, which were down a bit. Precision marketing grew 6%, driven primarily by strong performance in the US, partially offset by mixed performance in other geographies. Growth reflects strength from the benefits of new business wins in our CRM agencies that began late last year. We as well as continued good performance at Flywheel. Public relations declined 5% due to certain client delays and reductions from certain government clients. As the year progresses, we expect benefits from public affairs activity, our specialty agencies, and we expect a difficult comp for the rest of 2025 related to the benefit in 2024 from US election-related spend. Execution and support grew 2%, driven by growth at our custom communications businesses, offset by declines at our merchandising business. Experiential declined 1%, driven by the Middle East and Asia Pacific, partially offset by strong growth in the US, Europe, and the UK. We also expect a difficult comp in Q2 and Q3 related to the benefit in 2024 from Olympics-related spend. Healthcare revenues were down 3%, as expected, slightly better than a decline in Q4, as our health group manages through some delays and client product launches, and as they complete cycling on a client loss. We expect improved growth in the second half as the year progresses. Branding and retail commerce was down 10%, with most of the decline in our branding business, which is due to uncertain market conditions impacting both new brand launches and rebranding projects, as well as the continued slowdown from M&A activity. Turning to organic revenue growth by geography on slide six, our largest market, the US, had organic growth of 5%, and Latin America grew a strong 15%. Europe experienced growth, but it was mixed by market, and Asia Pacific also posted growth, offset by declines in the UK, the Middle East, and Africa. As we look at the global trade uncertainty, we expect our geographic diversification to provide balance to our results. The US remains approximately half of our revenue, and it's worth noting that in fiscal year 2024, China was only 2% of our total revenue. Slide seven is our revenue by industry sector for the quarter. There were no notable changes to discuss. Now let's move down the income statement and look at our expenses on slide eight. In the quarter, salary-related service costs were down on both a reported and constant dollar basis, driven by our continued efficiency initiatives and ongoing changes in our global employee mix. Our Q1 2025 employee base is down from Q1 of 2024. Third-party service costs grew in connection with the growth in our revenue, primarily in the media and advertising discipline. Third-party incidental costs, which are out-of-pocket costs billed back to clients at our cost, also grew in connection with revenue growth. Occupancy and other costs were flat. These include office rent, other occupancy, technology, and general office expenses. SG&A expenses increased due to the $33.8 million of IPG acquisition-related costs in the first quarter of 2025. Excluding these costs, reported SG&A expenses declined by about 1%. Please turn to slide nine to look at our income statement in more detail. Excluding the acquisition-related costs from the first quarter of 2025, non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA grew 1.6%, and the related margin was flat at 13.8% compared to last year. Foreign exchange translation reduced EBITDA by approximately 1.5%. Moving down the income statement, net interest expense in the first quarter of 2025 increased $2.6 million to $29.4 million. This increase is the result of having a full quarter of interest expense in Q1 2025 from the debt we issued in early March 2024 in connection with the Flywheel acquisition. The increase in expense was partially offset by an increase in interest income due to higher average cash balances. Our income tax rate was 28.5% in Q1 of 2025, compared to 25.7% in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to the nondeductibility of certain acquisition-related costs in 2025. Excluding a tax impact on these costs, our Q1 2025 rate was up a bit from Q1 2024, at 26.7%. For full year 2025, we expect the rate to be between 26.5 and 27. Average diluted shares outstanding were down 1% from Q1 of 2024, due primarily to repurchase activity last year. Reported diluted earnings per share was down 8.8% due to the after-tax acquisition-related costs. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share increased 2% to $1.70. The effects of foreign currency translation reduced diluted EPS by two cents. Now please turn to slide ten for a look at free cash flow for the first quarter. Year-over-year decline in the quarter was driven primarily by a reduction in net income, which includes the impact of the acquisition-related costs. However, for the twelve months ending March 31st, 2025, our free cash flow increased 3.5%, driven primarily by improved operating income and net income. Our free cash flow definition excludes changes in working capital. Our working capital followed its normal seasonal pattern in the first quarter, and over time, we expect to trend back towards our historical annual level that's close to neutral. Regarding our primary uses of free cash flow for the three months ended March 31st, we used $138 million of cash to pay for dividends to common shareholders and another $13 million for dividends to noncontrolling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures were $30 million. As expected, the spend was a bit higher this period, reflecting ongoing investments on our strategic technology platform initiatives. Total acquisition payments, which include earn-out payments and the acquisition of additional noncontrolling interests, were $4 million. As a reminder, in the first quarter of last year, we closed on the acquisition of Flywheel for $845 million net of cash acquired. Finally, our share repurchase activity was $81 million, excluding proceeds from stock plans of $12 million. For full year 2025, we still expect to return to an annual repurchase level of approximately $600 million, and we resumed our activities subsequent to the successful March 18th stockholder vote on the IPG acquisition. Slide eleven is a summary of our credit liquidity and debt maturities. At the end of Q1 2025, the book value of our outstanding debt was $6.1 billion, flat with the same prior year period. We have no maturities in 2025 and expect to address our April 2026 maturities after the expected closing of the IPG acquisition in the second half of 2025. We estimate that net interest expense will increase by $2 to $5 million in Q2 compared to Q2 of 2024, and by $15 to $20 million for the full year, related to lower estimates of interest income in the second half. Our cash equivalents and short-term investments at the end of the quarter were $3.4 billion. We continue to maintain an undrawn $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion US commercial paper program. We will assess our revolver capacity in connection with the closing of the proposed IPG acquisition. Slide twelve presents our historical returns on two important performance metrics. For the twelve months ended March 31, 2025, Omnicom Group Inc.'s return on invested capital was 20%. Our return on equity was 37%, both of which reflect our strong performance and strong balance sheet. The year-over-year change is driven by the IPG acquisition-related costs incurred in the twelve months ended March 31, 2025. I will now ask the operator to please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from Adam Berlin of UBS. Your line is open.
Adam Berlin: Hi. Good evening, and thank you for taking the question. Can you just say a little bit more about your decision to lower the bottom end of the guidance range for 2025 to 2.5%? Is that because you have actually seen some advertisers start to talk to you about cutting their spend, or is that just something you think could happen based on what you are hearing about the broader macro? That would be quite helpful. And any trends about how Q2 has started in the first couple of weeks would be very helpful as well. Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. We are being conservative. Adam, it's the latter. The bottom end, and you have to look at our business when it gets this type of an environment. Our advertising media and CRM businesses remain strong. We did not change the forecast on those. Where if we had doubts, it was really more in the events business as companies probably get a little bit more conservative. And we are up against one, because of, as Phil mentioned, the Olympics. There might be fewer projects, and also in the latter part of the year, because this is annual guidance, we had the elections last year, which we do not have again this year. So it's the segments of the business in terms of how we looked at it. To be conservative. We are striving to get to the top end always. And there is still some confusion or there is still confusion in the marketplace. As we look at the especially in the next ninety days. And how some of these tariffs and other moves get negotiated or do they stay in place? So it's that uncertainty where we did not want to surprise anybody later in the year. That we chose to be conservative.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. It doesn't and it doesn't, as John said, reflect any specific client actions taken to date.
Adam Berlin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
David Karnovsky: Hey. Thanks. Just kind of going back to something Phil had said. It sounded like for PR, there were some delays in government spend. I do not know if you could dig into that a bit. Is that for the US or other regions? And then for branding and commerce, this is an area that was already lagging last year. Curious how much of the delays you are seeing there is new. And then specifically for Phil, just as you consider the uncertainty and possibility of clients adjusting their spend, how are you thinking about your own cost base and what's your confidence in holding margin in some of the more adverse scenarios you might see?
John Wren: I'll leave the first part of your question to Phil. Hold on. I can cover. We are constantly, and I think we have a very solid track record in this, in looking at our business and adjusting, because we have a very flexible cost basis, adjusting our cost basis so as to stay in line with whatever the revenue trends are. And God knows, never tested the same twice, but we've been tested quite a bit over the years. And if you look back across that, we have a very very competent management way below the corporate management looking and concerning themselves with that all the time. So that would be one answer. You know, the one PR event was something in the US. It was was it FDA related? Yeah. I know. There's a there there's a yeah. There was, I would say, not a large trend that we're concerned about going forward, but that there's just a minor year-over-year comparison difference in terms of some project spend that didn't happen in Q1 that was there the year before in the PR business. I think not gonna see the impact of the year-over-year comps related to election spend until probably a little bit in Q2 and then PR was especially strong in that area in Q3 and Q4. So we do have a difficult comp in Q3 and Q4. To your specific question on the cost base and margins, you know, John just referred to this, but certainly we are always very focused on making sure we take the appropriate actions to rationalize adjust the flexible cost base that we have to our current expected revenues. And to the extent that yeah, there is a pause or clients decide to delay project spend or delay spend in some way. Depending on how some of this tariff uncertainty gets resolved. You know, we're we're gonna be very active in making sure we take the appropriate actions as opposed to kinda keep our fingers crossed and hope you know, that the best scenarios are the ones that that come forward. So I certainly gonna be planning you know, very carefully and aggressively if need be to make sure that we're not out ahead of it from a cost-based perspective. So we're comfortable. Certainly, based on everything we know today, that will hit you know, our expectations as far as operating earnings and and our margin targets. But there is still quite a bit of uncertainty out there as far as tariffs and and what's gonna happen to the top line. But we haven't we haven't seen any specific actions by clients that that have happened yet. We're we're just being cautious as we mentioned. Earlier in answer to Adam's question.
John Wren: Sure. One of that little tidbit because this is early in the cycle. A lot of our larger clients don't come out with quarterly reports until later in the month. Which we'll all learn a little bit more. But with the sensible delay of ninety days in the cars, I I think gives many of our clients the opportunity to acquire more inventory at reasonable prices and tend to front load or look to front load sales in the first half of the year, it's in the the uncertainty really comes in later on in the third, fourth quarter. And hopefully, that'll get we'll get more clarity as we as we continue.
David Karnovsky: Sorry. To be clear, I I think you said you you haven't seen clients you know, take action on anything yet, but I I thought with branding, for instance, you had mentioned the monthly Branding addition. Yeah. No. Brand branding is a category, but it's such a small category within the overall Omnicom Group Inc. There's it's really it's it's really three very, very well-known boutiques who are the leaders in branding. And when they tend to prosper in years where there's a lot of M&A going on. And a lot of changes you know, that people corporations who are considering maybe changing rebranding their corporations or or getting swept up in a merger. And in periods like this where there's been a pause in a lot of that activity, naturally, we fully expect that revenue is gonna be off a bit. But it's Yeah. In total, it's it's probably, you know, two percent or less than two percent of our total revenues. And it it's had challenges all throughout 2024. For pretty much similar reasons to what I I indicated in my prepared remarks. We we unfortunately see that continuing through know, the first two, if not three quarters of of this year. As it as it kinda writes itself and and continues to pursue new opportunities. But that that's unique. That's unique business that's that's managing through some unique challenges in its industry right now. Yeah. Specifically. And not to beat this to death, but I I started off by saying advertising media and CRM remain strong. Also, in those categories specifically, there's some very positive potential new business that we're not really defending, but we're on the offense and we continue to win our fair share, that'll contribute to us getting to the closer closer to the top end of our of our forecast.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: I know everyone is so focused on the the macro in 2025, but I would just like to ask a question about 2026, actually. It let's let's assume that the IPG transaction closed. When do you think the street will have evidence or you will have evidence that the market has embraced your notion that the pro forma firm will be in a better position to win business as opposed to the bearish argument which is you might lose some accounts because of the transaction. Is that is that something that will become evident, do you think, in 2026, or do you think it really we won't really see it in the organic numbers until 2027? Or beyond?
John Wren: My personal opinion specific to that question we have not had any any client of any significance that we're in fear of losing because of the transaction. And especially in environments like this, I doubt that that many there's always gonna be some, because there is some every single year. But if you're running a company right now, unless you're gonna get some great efficiency by putting your advertising and marketing into review, you're not going to proactively disrupt your own organization. So I think and I'm not sure I know you, Jason, but I think what what you're what you're asking the question about is certainly a valid question. But that's just nonsense fed by my competitors to the trade regs. Alright? That I'm gonna lose people and I'm gonna lose accounts and I'm gonna lose this, that, and the other thing. Not true.
Phil Angelastro: Okay. Yes. It's just to just to add, it's it's very disruptive for the client to make a change and especially in this environment, I you know, there there will have had to be some some underlying you know, strategic reasons why they would go ahead and do that. Beyond the ones that had started that process already.
Jason Bazinet: And I think it did I think this was also part of your question, Jason. We can go back. Well, we have much clearer sight on the synergies we promised. Today, and we continue to have many work streams where we're actively planning to achieve those synergies.
Jason Bazinet: Understood. Thank you both.
Operator: The next question comes from Cameron McVeigh of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Cameron McVeigh: Hey, John. This is Phil. Hi. Just wanted to ask if you're able to provide, you know, the precision marketing growth x Flywheel. And then secondly, curious of any update to the regular and timing of integration, potential client conflicts that may have arisen. Thanks.
Phil Angelastro: I'll take the the precision question. I'd I'd you know, in the first quarter, I would say, you know, Flywheel grew. It's it's smallest quarter is always the first quarter. Growth was fine. But it was lower than the average in in the overall category. And and the rest of the CRM precision group probably grew faster than the average in the category.
John Wren: And today, out of eighteen requests from governments, regulators, for approval we've received five. Actually, the most recent one, which we got just a couple of days ago, was China. And you, no one on the call will remember this, but ten or eleven years ago, when we were trying to do publiccies, the place that we had trouble getting approval was China. And we've already received that in this process already. So we are very confident advisers and attorneys who are guiding us through their process as we speak.
Cameron McVeigh: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. John, I was wondering if you could spend a little time talking specifically about trends in pharma and health. I think that's your biggest industry vertical, and health care is its own discipline within the revenues. So just wondering if you see this area as having less risk on some of these concerns in the rest of the portfolio or a little more risk now that we're dealing some of this extra uncertainty in 2025. And then also, I just wanted to dig a little more in the media and advertising. You've had a number of quarters where your third-party expense growth remains healthy in the team. So I'm guessing media continues to grow really well. Is creative also growing really healthily within that I've sensed from some peers that it might be under a little bit of pressure. So just wanted to know if you're seeing any pressure on creative or it's still really solid just not as good as as media given a lot of the account wins? Thank you.
John Wren: So FirstHealthcare FirstHealthcare Health care is I I think that the decline of what you saw in the first quarter was us just working through the loss of Pfizer. And one or two other minor accounts. And we're phasing through that as we get into the beginning of 2025. It's still a very strong business. I mean, our business is in health care go all the way are dedicated to different aspects of creating a drug, bringing a drug to market, getting the appropriate approvals from the the stronger regular regulatory bodies around the world, which principally you know, the US, also Germany is very strong too in terms of its procedures. What what is not a big part of our business is the stuff you'll see on the six o'clock news like biosempic and you know, you know, here's a a mom and dad and a cat and somebody needs to lose weight because they have diabetes. That's not a very large part of of that segment for us. It's more specific very high science. The employees that we have in that those categories are extremely well educated and very specifically educated in the terms of medicine. So I see it as you know, over as I look forward, I see health care as being a very important segment in what we do. And and I apologize you asked some other part of the question, and
Steven Cahall: Sure. The second part was just within media and advertising, sort of comparing and contrast things. The strong growth, I think, that's implied in media with how you're seeing the trends in creative.
John Wren: Sure. Well, media by far is very strong. And continues to be very strong. And last year, I think we topped the leagues in terms of new business wins and retention. A matter of fact, if you netted some of IBD's losses against our wins, we'd still be number one from last year. And that continues. Advertising, advertising really needs to be separated into two different areas. Both are being very highly affected by technology. But Creative is our IP. That's always gonna be at the center of what Omnicom Group Inc. does. And it's terribly important to our clients and to the creation of differentiation, especially as these tools become more democratic. Right? The If everybody had the same generative AI tools on their desk, what would make a difference? But what would make a difference would be a brilliant creative idea. So now is that business going through some adjustments? Because technology has has created efficiencies within that business, which allow us to have less effort in in some instances, yes. No question. But I but it remains a a very key part of our organization. If I look back at 2024, it probably makes up something closer to seventeen or eighteen percent of our total business. That that balance may increase a bit as we complete the transaction with IPG. But it's still the core of what we do. The I as I said, the IP. I don't know if Phil or anybody wants to Yeah. In in terms of the other component, production is is certainly a a fast-growing component of of the solutions we provide to clients. And there's more and more activity in that area. And opportunity in that area, especially as you look at Artbot, our our content automation platform which has been quite successful. Recently. So you know, overall, creative has grown you know, low single digits last year. First the first part of this year, we expect it to be close to flat, a little bit down. In the first quarter. And we expect it to pick up in the second half as John said, media has been quite strong. We expect that they continue to be very strong. And you know, together, those are two key components of the overall the overall product mix. That that is very key and very strategic to the business going forward.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Nathanson of MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. One for John, one for Phil. Hey, John. You touched on it earlier that you guys are feeling pretty good about the new business potential. Can you talk a bit about the volume of new business pitches? Is it normal, or do you think people are kinda holding back in terms of the scale of volume and until maybe the uncertainty is lifted. And then on that point, how do people deal with the fact that you'll you'll be merging its into public? Right? So is that part of the conversation when people are asking you about the future prospects of Omnicom Media? So anything you talk about there would be helpful. Then for Phil, third-party service cost, third-party intellectual costs were up double digits this year. When you think about your guidance on organic revenue for the year, is it is it normal to expect this type of growth in third-party costs, or is anything unusual about the first quarter of this year in third-party? Thanks. You know, in the first part of your question, the new business reviews, I have to admit, I haven't tried to track them year over year. I do expect do expect that unless a client has some proactive reason to put their account in review, I'm expecting it to not be as robust as it was said last year. But having said that in the first quarter, you know, there are clients who thankfully, we're on the offense, not the defense, where their accounts are currently being reviewed. And I won't use their names. Those do not insult them. And, you know, you had the move at which benefited public seize, of the Coke business earlier in the quarter. So there are things going on. There's a lot of conversations going on. But I I can't tell you only ten percent up or ten percent down from this exact moment last year. In terms of what goes on in terms of IPG and the acquisition, we are extremely cautious because there are very strict rules in terms of what we can do. We can collectively each plan for when the transaction's approved? But we're not able to go to market in any way. And so we don't. We don't. And and you know, that's just us behaving in accordance with what's expected of us in this kind of a process. On the on the specific question, Michael, that third-party you know, service cost growth, certainly, happy to get the growth where wherever wherever we can get it. The reason the reason we have that business and the reason it's growing is because clients want it and and it provides valuable benefits to the clients. Ultimately, it didn't provide benefits and it wasn't a key part of what client's expectations were, you know, you you wouldn't see the results that we've seen in it. We don't think our numbers, frankly, are any different than our competitors that business is growing throughout you know, the industry. Again, because clients like the benefits of of that particular service offering, you just you just can't see it. Outside of you know, our reported results.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks, Phil.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Huber of Huber Research Partners. Your line is open.
Craig Huber: Thank you. My first set of questions has to do with the potential closing acquisition. I think you mentioned five of the eighteen jurisdictions have approved the transaction including China. Can you share with us if it's possible the other four are? And then also want to ask John, I think when you originally brought forth and talked publicly about this acquisition of Interpublic. You talked about if you run into any issues with any of the regulators out there that you would be open to potentially selling or divesting any any related assets in various jurisdictions. Is that still your case here?
John Wren: Wow. I probably answered the question a little differently in that we are one hundred, unless you do go higher in percentages, committed to the completion of this transaction, I think that various regulators have requested information from us because they they they are trying to understand our business before some of them are approved. Sitting here today based on very competent advice from our attorneys. And I would I would go as far as to say I haven't heard anything from the very competent attorneys that IPG has either. That we expect that we're in violation of any antitrust rules and you know, you being us all being here in America, all you gotta do is look at you know, you being us all being here in America, all you gotta do is look at Google's results, Meta's results, and, you know, in terms of who we're really competing against and where consumers spending their money. We're we're a very strong player, but they are extremely strong. So I think and I'm not knowledgeable enough with the rules. As the lawyers will continue to point out to me every day when I ask a question. And I think I know the answer. I don't. I don't think we're I don't think we're I don't think this merger drives us into a position in almost any market around the world where where we would have difficulty after we go through whatever their required processes. But if there was the odd thing or two, it would be small. If if it even existed. Would we would it wouldn't change our view that we'll we will close this transaction. And we are dedicated to closing this transaction. But there's nothing material. Otherwise, there's there's certainly enough legal firms working on this globally, locally, to have highlighted anything that would be in that category, which would rise rise to the level of being a concern. And we haven't had that.
Craig Huber: And then can you maybe touch on just what the other four jurisdictions are that have approved it so far? Are you allowed
John Wren: Yeah. I can I can list them for you? Jason.
Phil Angelastro: Great. It's sorry, Craig. Sorry, Craig. Sorry about that. Yeah. Did you change your name? So in addition to China, it's Columbia, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt. You know, they're all relatively small for for you know, our combined businesses. But certainly, it's progress. And you know, we we've tried not to know, issue a press release every time we get you know, an approval. But certainly, it's good progress so far. But the process has been quite thorough. In all the markets that that have done the work to review the transaction, and and we wouldn't expect anything else.
Craig Huber: And then my last question, guys, is you just talk a little bit further about the tone of business, what you're hearing from executives out there in two areas in specific here, autos and consumer package good areas. Just given that these issue with tariffs and uncertainty out there and so forth, what what is the tone that you're hearing from, like, your companies that you work within those areas, please? Has it materially changed for the negative? I guess, where I'm trying to get to.
John Wren: Well, with respect to tariffs, I think that's still an open question. Because I think the tariffs or the potential for tariffs that the administration has spoken to they've except for in very specific markets, they made it clear that they're in conversations with many of those governments to resolve any issues that the tariffs may bring to the to the fore. And I I I I'm not any more knowledgeable than you. But it's kinda confirming that the pause that we're in you know, is probably driven because of people approaching the administration with things that are of interest to them. But, again, I don't have any firsthand knowledge of that. But it's all you know, all bodes better than had they just simply gone into effect. So we were planning for a glass that could be half empty, but we're personally striving for what we really believe and have believed for a long time that we're optimistic and that it'll wind up half hope.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly. Those those
Craig Huber: I'm just gonna Jon, are you are you trying to suggest and you're not quite sure what the spending levels are of the auto companies out there in in CPG, for example? How they may or may not adjust that it's just too early to tell?
John Wren: Yeah. We believe I don't think we know it's surgery. Alright? We haven't heard any disasters or had any disastrous reports specifically from clients. We've taken advice from very knowledgeable people and and specifically any auto industry, not related to the advertising business, in terms of what they believe car companies globally are expecting. And again, that leaves us in a position where these are terribly important long-term clients where we have multiyear contracts with in almost every single case of a car company. Which gives us some comfort. And as a good partner, they have difficulty, we'll work with them as best we can to to help us all get through whatever the process is. So the good news is there's none of those accounts are under threat. Because of the multiyear contracts. Work with our partners to get to a good outcome. In terms of CPG, I haven't really had as I haven't dug in as deeply into CPG, as I have, say, into the auto sector. And I kind of await some of their quarterly reports as they come out through the rest of this month. To find out if there's more specific information would require us to adjust ourselves. Finally, on that point, unlike our competitors, CPG is not a huge percentage of our business. So whatever adjustments need to be made will in fact get made. I'd even go as far as to say companies CPG companies are probably taking the lead on in housing things. And they're gonna find themselves in a very uncomfortable position if they have to adjust how they they deal with those in housing efforts as opposed to if they had a third-party vendor which would be easier to get concessions from. But that's all speculation. So know, it doesn't count for anything. I think we're gonna all learn a lot more in the next two, three weeks.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. Certainly, clients across industries are you know, they're looking for more clarity. They they want flexibility at this point in time. But they're looking for clarity and you know, ultimately, they need to defend and grow their brands. So, you know, the type of marketing spend may change, but we've got a diverse portfolio. We can help them in many different ways. And you know, I I think this is gonna is gonna evolve, and we're gonna know more. In the near future and and we'll adjust. Accordingly. And I think know, we have a track record that that shows that depending on on what the market brings.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you both.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Greg Lundberg, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, you’ll find the press release and the presentation covering the information that we’ll review today. An archived webcast will be available when today’s call concludes. Before we start, I’d like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we’ve included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements. These represent our present expectations and relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2023 Form 10-K. During the course of today’s call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results, after our prepared remarks, we will open the line up for your questions. And I’ll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you for joining us today. I’m pleased to report our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results were very strong, and we are well positioned as we enter 2025. After I finish commenting on the quarter and the year, I'll provide you an update on the proposed acquisition of Interpublic. Organic growth was 5.2% for the quarter, this growth was driven by a very strong performance in our three largest disciplines. Media & Advertising, Precision Marketing and Public Relations. Our strong finish to the year resulted in an organic growth of 5.2% for the full year, which exceeded the high end of our guidance. Adjusted EBITA margin for the fourth quarter was 16.7%. For the full year, adjusted EBITA margin was 15.5%, in line with our target. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $2.41, up 6.6% versus the fourth quarter of 2023. In 2024, our cash flow continued to be very strong. We generated almost $2 billion in free cash flow and returned over $900 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During the year, we continued to expand and deepen our capabilities. With the acquisition of Flywheel and the formation of two new strategic practice areas, Omnicom Production and Omnicom Advertising Group. Using our Omnicom Operating Platform, our teams across practice areas can connect these services leveraging high-fidelity data sets and custom AI tools to plan, create, target, optimize and attribute campaigns with a single workflow. We are the unrivaled leader in linking marketing to sales allow us to deliver measurable outcomes that drive substantial growth and ROI for our clients. Our success year-after-year also leads to our industry recognition. TBWA was recently named Adweek's 2024 Global Agency of the Year. COMvergence announced that Omnicom Media Group had the highest billing growth rate among all media groups in 2024. Wins like Amazon, Unilever and HP fueled over $7 billion in new business. Omnicom Media Group also ranked first in client retention rate through the year. Additionally, Omnicom's Media Group achieved the highest rating in Forrester's 2024 Media Management Services Wave, specifically emphasizing the group's transparent business practices. Finally, for the second year in a row, Omnicom was named Holding Company of the Year by MediaPost. I'm very pleased with our strategic progress and the financial results in 2024. We entered 2025 in a very strong position. Given it's early in the year, we're exercising a level of caution on our outlook for 2025. As of now, we expect organic growth to be between 3.5% and 4.5% and adjusted EBITA margins to be 10 basis points higher than what we achieved in 2024. I want to express my gratitude to our people around the globe for helping us finish the year on a high note. Your unwavering dedication to delivering exceptional work to our clients, places Omnicom and its agencies in an excellent position as we enter the New Year. Let me now shift to the proposed acquisition of IPG and our progress since the announcement on December 9. While we are incredibly excited about the combination of the two organizations, I want to emphasize that Omnicom and IPG continue to operate as independent businesses until the transaction is finalized. Omnicom's solid foundation and organizational structure positions us to seamlessly integrate IPG into our group once the acquisition closes. Combined, our complementary cultures and businesses will create an unmatched suite of services and products for our clients, leading to significant revenue growth potential. After closing, we expect diluted earnings per share accretion, driven by strong revenues, expanding margins and a strong balance sheet. Our combined free cash flow will also be substantial and we expect to increase our historical capital allocations for dividends, share buybacks as well as investments necessary to maintain our leading position in technology, data and AI including the integration of Acxiom, Omni and the Flywheel platform. For decades, Acxiom has established itself as the gold standard for managing clients' first-party data in some of the most highly regulated industries. Acxiom's client contracts are multiyear ranging from four to six years. Its clients include seven of the top 10 retail banks, nine of the top of the top 10 credit card issues, and three of the top five pharmaceutical manufacturers and several automotive companies. When these leading first-party data management capabilities are integrated with Omni and Flywheel Commerce Cloud, we will provide the most accurate identity solution and comprehensive understanding of consumer behaviors and transactions on the buy side. This platform will drive the industry towards a high standard of metrics linking ad spend, sales and value-based outcomes. Regarding synergies, we're confident in our ability to achieve the projected $750 million in run rate cost savings. Importantly, these cost synergies will not impact employees dedicated to servicing our clients and generating revenues. Instead, they will arise from streamlining the holding company, middle office and regional positions as well as from eliminating duplicative overhead, back office and third-party expenses across our larger combined global footprint. The combined company will generate approximately 85% of its revenues from its top 10 markets with the remainder primarily distributed across an additional 40 markets worldwide. After closing, we plan to continue to support IPG's advertising brands on marketplace while aligning them with the current operating structure of Omnicom Advertising Group. More specifically, in our top 10 global markets, agency brands will continue to be fully present in order to drive growth. The remaining markets will function under a single OAG leader who will manage the agency brands at a local level and report to regional OAG lead. Similarly, it is our intention that IPG's other advertising and marketing services businesses will be aligned within our respective practice areas. This will enable us to combine and expand our talent, equipping them with dedicated technology and data tools in a single practice area to optimally deliver services and products to our clients. In assessing talent, we will adopt an approach focused on selecting the best individuals across the organizations, irrespective of their current affiliation. With unified practice area leadership teams at a global, regional and country level, we will eliminate redundant roles, functions and back office operations, which we expect will generate cost savings exceeding $130 million. Our larger portfolio of clients and businesses will enable us to combine our efforts and leverage a more centralized technology and data platform, significantly improving capital efficiency across a larger enterprise. Additionally, more resources will be available for future investments. We expect this will result in initial savings of approximately $25 million in administrative costs. The largest cost savings will result from merging two publicly traded companies. We will combine and streamline senior leadership and operation teams across finance, accounting, IT, legal, real estate and HR. Additionally, we will eliminate duplicative G&A costs. We expect to cut approximately 40% of the company's combined corporate expenses, resulting in compensation savings of around $200 million and G&A savings of about $110 million. Establishing a unified procurement organization to maximize benefits from third-party vendors in key areas such as IT, software and infrastructure, as well as duplicative third-party research and data is projected to save more than $150 million. Integrating our internal IT and shared service organizations will improve the way we deliver services to our employees and reinforce our infrastructure and platforms. We expect to realize synergies of approximately $70 million across these areas. Aligning our real estate portfolio, following the closing will yield approximately $65 million in savings, which amounts to less than 10% of the combined total rent and occupancy costs. Not included in our synergy projections are the following three areas: revenue opportunities, near and offshoring and automation. We believe revenue growth opportunities are substantial from the combination. We will expand client opportunities on day one by offering our combined client base a broader suite of products and services. For example, the capabilities of Flywheel, Acxiom and our Precision Marketing Group, will be available to a much broader set of clients. Additionally, the combined company will drive greater product and service innovation creating new revenue streams. Following the closing, we will continue leveraging our near and offshore global centers of excellence to improve service delivery and lower labor costs. In 2024, we established four State-of-the-art Centers of Excellence in India and expanded our nearshore operations in Latin America. We quickly scaled up teams for a Flywheel out of that acquisition and we are now ready to capitalize on a significantly larger opportunity with into public. Finally, Omnicom is making significant progress in utilizing automation by leveraging new processes, platforms and AI. We have a dedicated central teams spearheading our automation initiatives and expect to expand our efforts in this area following the closing of the acquisition. As a result, I'm quite comfortable with the $750 million in synergies targeted at the time of the announcement. We anticipate identifying even more savings once the companies are combined. Going forward, we plan to provide regular updates on our progress towards this target. Regarding our efforts to close the transaction, we are well into the shareholder approval and regulatory review process. Our proxy became effective last week and a shareholder vote to approve the transaction is set for March 18. We also initiated the process for antitrust approval in the US, and we're pleased with the progress we are making. The planning for regulatory approval in 17 other jurisdictions is progressing well. While predicting the exact timing is challenging, we still anticipate the deal closing in the second half of 2025. In the coming months, we will provide further updates on our regulatory approvals. In the meantime, we're committed to maintaining our momentum. We are utilizing the time we have to plan for the integration and keeping it to a small centralized team. This will eliminate distractions for our people and ensure our client-facing teams stay focused on their day-to-day roles. Thank you for listening to our call, and I'll now turn it over to Phil.
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John. As you just heard, we had a strong quarter, and our financial performance positions us well for a solid 2025. Let's begin with a review of our performance in the fourth quarter, beginning with changes in our revenues on Slide 4. Organic growth in the quarter was strong at 5.2%. The impact on revenue from foreign currency translation decreased reported revenue by 0.6%. If rates stay where they are currently, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation will reduce revenue by 2% to 2.5% for Q1 2025 and 2% for the full year 2025. The net impact of acquisition and disposition revenue on reported revenue was positive 1.8%. At this time, we expect the impact of acquisition and disposition revenue will be flat for both Q1 and the full year 2025. For the full year 2024, organic revenue growth was 5.2%, slightly above our stated goal, achieving the higher end of our target between 4% to 5%. As John mentioned, our expected organic revenue growth in 2025 is a range of 3.5% to 4.5% based on current market conditions. Let's turn to Slide 5 and review the Q4 organic revenue growth trends by discipline that are informing our annual outlook. During the quarter, Media & Advertising was up 7% and primarily reflected growth across our Media business with growth in advertising in the low-single digits. Growth in this discipline was particularly strong in the United States, our largest market. Precision Marketing growth of 9% was very strong and benefited from year-end project spend. Overall, this was led by double-digit growth in the US, partially offset by mixed performance in other geographies. We expect solid growth in 2025. Public Relations grew 10%, also led by double-digit growth in the US as a result of US election spend, which was partially offset by softer performance internationally. This brought annual growth to approximately 4%. We estimate that the benefit from election spend was approximately $25 million in Q4 and $50 million for the year. Experiential growth of 5% was solid, coming off good results from the Summer Olympics earlier this year, especially in Q2 and Q3 as well as Q1. We do not expect to see 2024 growth levels in 2025, given it is not Olympic year. Execution & Support was up 2% reflecting continued good results in fuel marketing, offset by declines at our merchandising business. Healthcare revenues were down 4%. We're close to lapping a significant client loss and recent wins should start contributing to improved performance during the second half of 2025. Branding and Retail Commerce declined by 12%, resulting from reduced client spending in our branding agencies and lower performance in retail commerce, some of which reflects budget allocation where clients move spend to retail media. Turning to organic revenue growth by geography on Slide 6. Our largest market in the US had organic growth of 10%, finishing off the year on a strong note. Although several markets in Europe, the Middle East and Asia Pacific delivered strong growth, they were offset by negative performance in other markets within these regions. Our businesses in Latin America delivered strong growth driven by Media & Advertising. Slide 7 is our revenue by industry sector for the quarter and year-to-date. Overall, our portfolio remains stable as well as diversified. The only notable shift is a 2-point increase in consumer products for both the quarter and the year, driven by the Flywheel acquisition. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for a look at our expenses. In the quarter, salary-related service costs were flat, with growth from our acquisition of Flywheel offset by repositioning actions in the second quarter and our ongoing efforts to nearshore, offshore and increase productivity. Third-party service costs grew in connection with the growth in our revenue, especially in disciplines that have a higher level of these costs such as Media, Experiential and Fuel Marketing. Third-party incidental costs, which are out-of-pocket costs billed back to clients at our cost were up slightly. Occupancy and other costs, which include office rent, other occupancy, technology and general office expenses, increased primarily due to the Flywheel acquisition. SG&A expenses decreased due to general cost management. Included in the fourth quarters of both years are approximately $14.5 million of acquisition-related costs, the Flywheel in 2023 and the IPG transaction in 2024. Please turn to Slide 9 and look at our income statement in more detail. Operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2024 and 2023, reflect these acquisition costs related to IPG and Flywheel, respectively. We're moving them from both years. Fourth quarter non-GAAP adjusted EBITA grew 6.6% and EBITA margin was flat year-over-year at 16.7%. For the full year 2024, our adjusted EBITA margin was 15.5% compared to 15.6% in 2023, in line with our guidance for 2024, by balancing ongoing cost savings initiatives with continued investments in technology platforms and tools for future growth as well as costs related to the integration of Flywheel. For the full year 2025, on a standalone Omnicom basis, we expect adjusted EBITA margin to improve by 10 basis points as we continue to balance cost savings initiatives, the strategic investment opportunities that we believe will continue to drive strong future revenue and EBITA growth. Moving down the income statement. Net interest expense in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased by $11.3 million to $38.1 million. The change was driven by a $12.4 million increase in interest expense due to higher outstanding debt, primarily from the $600 million of euro bonds we issued in Q1 2024 in connection with the Flywheel acquisition, offset by a $1.1 million increase in interest income due to higher average cash balances. Our income tax rate of 26.4% in Q4 2024, was flat with the prior year. For the full year 2025, we expect the rate to be between 26.5% and 27%. Net income growth of 5.2% coupled with few diluted shares outstanding from our share repurchase activity drove a 6.1% lift in diluted earnings per share. On an adjusted basis, excluding after-tax amortization, Q4 2024 diluted earnings per share was up 6.6% to $2.41. Note that the negative impact of foreign exchange translation resulted in a reduction of $0.02 per share also on an adjusted basis for Q4, and $0.05 per share for the full year. Now please turn to Slide 10 for a look at free cash flow. For the year, our free cash flow cash flow grew 4.2%, driven primarily by improved operating income and net income. Free cash flow definition, like other peers, excludes changes in working capital. Full year 2024, our working capital improved once again by 50% to a use of $231 million, as you can see on Slide 18. We expect our strong performance will continue and bring us back over time toward our historically neutral annual level. Regarding our primary uses of free cash flow for full year 2024, we used $553 million in cash to pay for dividends to common shareholders and another $85 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders, both roughly the same level as 2023. Our capital expenditures were $141 million. Levels were higher in 2024, reflecting ongoing investments in Flywheel, our strategic technology platform initiatives and invest in our facilities. Total acquisition payments, which include earn-out payments and the acquisition of additional non-controlling interests were $998 million, which primarily reflects the acquisition at the beginning of the year of Flywheel for $845 million, net of cash acquired and the late September acquisition of LeapPoint. Finally, our share repurchase activity was $371 million, excluding proceeds from stock plans of $102 million, which is in line with our expectation that repurchases will be lower than our recent historical average of approximately $600 million due to the Flywheel acquisition. For full year 2025, we expect to return to the $600 million repurchase level. Slide 11 is a summary of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. At the end of 2024, book value of our outstanding debt was $6 billion, up from the end of 2023. Changes during the year included the issuance of $600 million, 3.7% euro notes related to the Flywheel acquisition as well as the issuance of $600 million, 5.3% US dollar notes, which was used for most of the repayment of our $750 million, 3.65% US dollar notes in November. Looking forward, we have no maturities in 2025 and expect to address our April 2026 maturities after the expected closing of the IPG acquisition in the second half of 2025. We estimate net interest expense to increase in Q1 of 2025 by approximately $7 million reflecting the full quarter impact of the euro notes we issued in February of 2024 and an expected increased pension-related interest expense. We also estimate that net interest expense will increase by $15 million to $20 million for the full year, primarily related to lower estimates of interest income beyond Q1. Cash equivalents and short-term investments at September 30 were $4.3 billion in line with levels at the end of 2023. We continue to maintain an undrawn $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion US commercial paper program. We will assess our revolving capacity in connection with the closing of proposed IPG acquisition. Slide 12 presents our historical returns on two important performance metrics for the 12 months ended December 31, 2024. Omnicom's return on invested capital was 25%. Return on equity was 38%, both of which consistently reflect our strong performance and a strong balance sheet Slide 13 is a summary of the potential IPG acquisition, which highlights we believe are the very compelling merits of the transaction. As John discussed, we believe the combination will drive exceptional future growth opportunities. In closing, 2024 was a very solid year for Omnicom. We delivered organic revenue growth of 5.2%, adjusted EBITA growth of 6.1% and adjusted EP5 growth of 5.5%. We made important investments in our platforms while maintaining our strong adjusted EBITA margin level. Our free cash flow grew by over 4%, and we significantly reduced our use of operating capital. We executed two key financings closed on strategic acquisitions and announced the transformative acquisition of IPG. I will now ask the operator to please open up the lines for questions-and-answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Adam Berlin at UBS.
Adam Berlin: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking. Two questions, if I could. The first question is 2024 organic growth ended up above the top end of your guidance range. Can you talk a little bit about what happened in Q4 that mend things ended up better than you expected? Was it just more ad spend of clients investing more? Or was it around Precision Marketing. Just what beat your expectations in Q4 for the question? And the second question is, I'm a little bit surprised that you've guided for a slowdown in organic growth in 2025, given the strong account wins you've had both during 2024 and a couple of things announced at the beginning of 2025. Can you just explain your thinking about why you think growth, is going to slow down? Or are you just being a bit conservative because it's the beginning of the year? Thanks.
John Wren: Do you want to take the first one?
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I'll take the first one, Adam. Yes, I think we certainly expected to finish at the top end of the range, 5.2 versus 5 isn't really that significant of a difference in the scheme of things. But certainly, the Media Business and Precision Marketing performed quite well in the fourth quarter as well as the PR, Practice Group as it related to the US election, some of that spend in the fourth quarter. Those are probably the key drivers of people, or businesses coming in a little bit higher than we expected from a positive perspective in the fourth quarter. So, I think those were the key drivers.
John Wren: All right. Adam, with respect to the guidance I think I - in my prepared remarks, when I talk about it, I indicate that we're cautious, 2025 is going to prove to be a very interesting year. But with all the - changes in the U.S. government just a mere change plus some of the policies that they're considering and the implications they possibly have on things like the auto sector and other sectors. We're not pessimistic. We still remain optimistic, but I think we're going to be conservative at this point in the year, until we get a little bit further along, and a bit more guidance from our clients.
Adam Berlin: Thanks. Very clear.
Operator: We'll move next to David Karnovsky at JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky: Hi, thanks you. John, just following up on the merger, can you discuss a bit what's been the reaction so far from clients? What are the points of excitement versus reservation and how are you addressing any possible concerns? And then for Phil, on the margins, the guide to most of 2024 was for more or less flat. So your result was in that target. But wanted to see if you could review, what factors pushed that on balance to the negative side, including Flywheel, new business or investments? And then as we look to 2025, can you just walk through the puts and takes of that margin, moving up 10 basis points in the guide? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. In terms of clients, every client that I've been in contact with, and most of my principles who relieve the businesses have been very constructive, and see the possibilities coming out of the combination of both Omnicom and public. There seem I haven't heard any concerns that we weren't able to address. As I said in my statement, we still do operate as two independent companies. So we're still operate as two independent companies, until we get through the regulatory period. But we're able to plan and start to identify products and services that one of us have that, we can offer to a larger bench on behalf of the other and vice versa. We've also spent time, we'll spend a little bit more time later this month, with consultants involved in advising clients in terms of reviewing their business. Either positively, constructively or putting the business in pitch. And we've gotten a very favorable feedback from those folks, and we will continue to communicate to everyone on a regular basis as we go through this process. We do feel that, we've made very good progress, especially since we announced the right before the holidays, and we had to work through the holidays to get some of the regulatory filing done in the U.S., and some things done. So clients - we haven't heard any concerns, and we don't anticipate concerns, because of what's in each of our portfolios to-date. And we want to keep the client - consultants informed because of times, they're the first people that clients reach out to, if they're considering making a change. So they have a pretty clear understanding of what to look forward to. So we're bullish, and we remain bullish on the transaction. And some of the heavy lifting from a regulatory point of view, is really behind us in the last 10 days, less so we'll do more planning going forward.
Phil Angelastro: Regarding margins, David. We probably about a year ago, we said we expected margins to be close to flat. And in our updates throughout the year, we indicated we were going through a process of integrating Flywheel. Margins were down probably 10 basis points or so in the first quarter last year. And I think, we're always trying to find the right balance of investing, to support long-term sustainable growth. And at the same time, maximizing our EBIT growth and the margin falls out, certainly we got to flat margin in Q4, as we anticipated and expected. And I think as we look out at 2025, certainly our goal is to show some margin improvement, while at the same time balancing those investments that we talked about in the prepared remarks and I have talked about on all of our calls. The marketplace continues to change pretty rapidly, and we continue to invest in the businesses that we think are going, to drive our growth in a sustainable way into the future. And we do try to manage that balance all throughout our planning processes, and our execution processes. So we expect to continue with our efficiency efforts automation offers, et cetera. To drive the cost structure down as best we can, and be as efficient as we can so that we can continue to invest, and provide that base for sustainable long-term growth. So I think we're comfortable with the expectations right now for 2025, and we're going to continue to drive the business forward.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Tim Nollen at Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Thanks. A couple of integration questions, if I could. You've referenced Flywheel a couple of times already. Just wanted to check on where the status of the integration that is now basically a little more than a year end. And likewise, on IPG, my question is, you've done quite a bit of work to consolidate, if that's the right word to use, but to concentrate your equities with Omnicom Advertising Group and the Production platform and so forth. I'm just wondering how IPG fits into that sort of preexisting concentrated Omnicom?
John Wren: Sure. Let me do the last part of that question first. What I said in my prepared remarks is really the reality, between the two groups. If you look at 85% of our revenue is both Omnicom's and IPG's are generated in the top 10 markets. When putting aside the integration for a second. At Omnicom last year, what we did was we kept the brands alive in those top markets. And we took a hard look at the 35 to 40 markets we operate in, and said what's the best way to efficiently run these offices, both to the satisfaction of the clients, the people themselves working in those offices and create as many career opportunities as possible. And a result, we came up with OAG. And OAG allowed us to take overheads and inefficiencies and set realistic expectations based upon the market. As to what the growth in those markets should be. And we are planning to follow a similar process here with, when and if we're successful in completing the transaction with Inch Public. The major markets where everybody is constantly focused and should be, because they are the places that generate the greatest growth will be left and supported effectively in the way that they are. When we get - there's other 40 markets, we're going to take a look and say, what is the best way to organize that individual market. For Omnicom so far, it's been to set up OAG. We think, although we haven't done the work yet, we think that when we sit down and speak to the people at in the public, which will be permitted as we get further-further through this regulatory period. We're going to find the same result when we do that planning. So in my comments, I was pointing to our intention at this point based upon the knowledge that we have, and as long as that knowledge works out, you will follow the same pattern. If we find something that - we treated differently, because it contributes to our ongoing growth. We will treat that differently. So I don't know if that helps out, Tim, or if that answers your question or not.
Tim Nollen: Yes. No, that's very helpful, thanks John. And on Flywheel?
John Wren: Flywheel is integrated. Flywheels team is very much a part of the central team, with pitch businesses. In my prepared remarks, I probably took out a paragraph, because I thought I was carrying on a little long about the mutual wins that we had during the year, and they were numerous.
Tim Nollen: Great. Thanks very much, John.
Operator: We'll move next to Cameron McVeigh at Morgan Stanley.
Cameron McVeigh: Thanks. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the campaign management tools coming out of the big tech platforms, notably Performance Max or Advantage+ from Google and Meta. Curious, if they're impacting client share, or growth rates at all? Or maybe these platforms are targeting SMBs, and enter the market which aren't historically clients? Any color on how you're thinking about that would be helpful? Thank you.
John Wren: I think most of the impact, if there is any impact going on at present, it's really with the SMBs and not our normal client base. Having said that, we have a very robust program going on with several thousand of our creative and strategists, who are testing all large language models, because a different large language model may be more applicable for a certain task, or a certain outcome depending upon what the person is asked to do. So we have a very active program going on, where we're seeing - we're doing it in a way that our people can utilize those tools the best way they see fit, and the most appropriate way they see fit. And one that is compliant in our understanding of the regulations, both privacy plus copyright and also some other concerns, which are - if you're not a small business unit. You don't have to place as much concern about as you would, if you were a large multinational corporation, which tends to be what our clients are. So - but we're very active within. And is being actively used and tested every day. Prior to this call, I had Jeff Goodby in my office, who has 40 people in his agency in San Francisco working on it, and he was asking if we could expand the number of people who have access to the system, and that was literally less than 45 minutes ago. Which we gave him permission to do. So this is growing every day. And we're - and there's a new tool, or capability that's appearing every day. We - you saw it in this past week or so with the Chinese introduction, of their large language model. So we're in a very, very early stage of development, but a very impactful stage of development as we move into the future.
Cameron McVeigh: Thanks, John, that's helpful. And then just secondly, John I did notice a number of partnership announcements out of CES. Curious if you could dive a little further into those, particularly with Google, Amazon, TikTok maybe what that means for Omni's capabilities going forward?
John Wren: You know I prepared for everything and I was there at CES. I know that - read them all ahead of time. I didn't focus on anything for this call.
Phil Angelastro: We can certainly pick it up, Cameron, when we talk post-call, if you like.
John Wren: That's a constant - one thing I will add, it's a wonderful relationship with all those major players, and we're constantly working with them, and getting access to what we feel are the best, most appropriate tools. But Phil, and company will give you the more specifics.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I mean the primary focus of some incremental benefits, is access to some of the data that is very unique to their platforms that, we'll be able to access and use for the benefit of our clients. So our media people and our media teams, are certainly very excited about it. And it is kind of a unique thing across each of those platforms, in terms of the partnerships that we recently announced.
Cameron McVeigh: Got it. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Jason Bazinet at Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a question on share buybacks. I think you guys talked about potentially not buying back a lot of stock in the fourth quarter. But I think that was sort of before the transaction closed, and maybe the transaction was announced on December 9, maybe you're in a blackout period or something. But do you mind just talking a bit about your sort of posture, as it relates to buying back stock given that your shares are down a fair amount, since the IPG announcement was made? Thanks.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. We certainly intend and I've indicated in our prepared remarks that, we will be back in the market in terms of buying back shares in 2025. We did reduce the annual buyback amount in 2024 primarily, because in January, right to start off the year, we did the Flywheel acquisition, we did a financing associated with that. And we indicated on the February call that we were going to reduce the amount that we put back in calendar 2024 in terms of the use of our free cash flow at that time. And in fact, we said we'd probably buy back about half of the annual amount. We ended up buying back a little bit more than that, before the end of 2024. We certainly expect to get back to the $600 million in 2025. And we are going to have to navigate one or two blackout periods associated, with the transaction. But certainly, we have a strategy in place to be able to buy back shares, at least to that $600 million level and expect to do so during the calendar year 2025. So I think you should expect a more normalized approach in 2025. It may be a little bit different in terms of the timing, because of the transaction and regulatory process. But certainly, that's our expectation.
John Wren: The only thing I'd add is rest assured that, I think I'm the largest single shareholder. So I'm as interested in these things maybe a little bit more than the average listener. So we totally agree with you, we haven't changed our approach.
Jason Bazinet: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Huber at Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. Good afternoon. John, can you talk a little bit further about revenue synergies with the IPG transaction once it closes here. I mean I've been known you guys for a number of years. It seems like you wouldn't have been done this for the $750 million of cost savings, which you've seen pretty constructive on that front. But talk a little bit more about the revenue synergies other than just Acxiom, Flywheel. Where else do you think you guys can drive some revenue synergies? And is there an idea in your head about where you're thinking, what it could maybe add up to? I mean maybe add a couple of 100 basis points to growth in the first year, first or second year? Thank you.
John Wren: I am confident that that there's quite a bit of revenue upside. I have to start with Media, we have a very elaborate, very mature Principal Media business to start off with. If you just referenced prior conference calls that Philip has been on, he's indicated that they were trailing behind the competition and the implementation of that and that they're in the process of perfecting their program. Us coming together will make that available to their suite of clients in addition, to our growing suite of clients. That's number one. Number two, there really are two companies that stand out as having unique credibility as first-party data companies. One is Epsilon, the other is Acxiom. I think that my competitor has done a very good job, of creating some products based upon the information, and the data that Epsilon generates and creates. We've had conversations to the extent that our lawyers will permit it with the Acxiom Group, and we see a whole suite of incremental products that will be brought into the joint company, and made available for the first time to Omnicom's clients. And so, we see very reasonable revenue growth associated with that. On the back of that, what's going on, and it will go on during the regulatory period through 2025. And take - have more and more of an impact every month as we go forward. These investments we're making in AI and some of the large language models that are occurring, will make us more efficient, will make the product and the efforts that we're engaged with on behalf of clients more efficient. And as we get more efficient, we're getting more measurable. And any media, any dollar spent that is more measurable and does get a definable ROI for a client. I've never seen a client where we've been able to present those facts, not double down and spend growing their business, because that's what their aim is. So there's two things that's going on. This will allow us to be, to pick up tools and activities that otherwise we didn't have in our portfolio. And utilize them in a unique way, number one. And number two, it will allow us to advance, and spend more resources generated from our free cash flow of the combined businesses on this technology, its development and how we're going to deploy it, to the benefit of our people and also for our clients.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you, John.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Steven Cahall at Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. John, maybe first, just a follow-up on the same themes. You talked a lot about the revenue acceleration on the combination with IPG. And you said you're able to now do some planning together. When are you able to start to go into pitches together? I think one of the best ways, to prove to the market that this merger is offensive and not defensive is showing that revenue acceleration. So I'm wondering at what point you will be able to put that combined capability in front of clients, and start to convert that into business? And then, Phil, we've always looked at IPG on a net organic revenue growth basis, and you talked about some of the drivers in third-party costs in the quarter. Is there any way to think about Omnicom from a net organic revenue basis at the moment, so we can put those kind of apples-to-apples? Thank you.
John Wren: Yes. Steve, if you could see me, you'd see that I have a lawyer on my right shoulder and he hasn't left me since December 9. And what he points out to me is the rules of engagement, and especially during the regulatory period. And they are pretty - they're not pretty. There are defined rules as to how the companies have to operate until we get the approvals that we need to combine. As a result, we cannot go and pitch some of these opportunities together, which would be the natural thing to do. I have examples of a couple of clients that we actually share, and the only time that you'll find an Omnicom coming into public person in the same room, is if the client insists on the meeting, because we're not permitted to get there yet. But that's the negative side of it. The positive side of it is we're able to test and identify these products, and identify the clients either us identifying through our client portfolio, or them identifying through theirs, the clients that would be open to and would be excited about understanding these products, and how they would positively impact their businesses. So it is a bit of a temporary pause, because we're required to, but we're not wasting that time. We're utilizing that time to plan how we're going to deploy these as quick as humanly possible when we get permission from the regulatory authority to do so. I'll leave the second question to Phil.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. Regarding the concept of net versus revenue, as we're required to report. Yes, I think the bottom line is no different for us. Those costs, the third-party service costs are an integral part of the business. We manage them as such, and we don't exclude them from how we manage, and measure our performance. So I wouldn't expect that the change and certainly, if people want to make their own estimates. They can feel free to do so. But we're going to be consistent with our reporting, and we're going to include the cost side part of the business and we're going to manage them because they're costs that are part of the business. So I don't think the expectation is that we're going to change our approach in the near future.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And that concludes question-and-answer session. Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-15 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Gregory Lundberg, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our third quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, you'll find a press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll review today. An archived webcast will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we've included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and these statements are present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2023 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. And after our prepared remarks, we will open the line up for your questions. And I'll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're very pleased to share our third quarter results. Organic growth was very strong at 6.5% for the quarter, with the U.S. also growing at 6.5%. Across our disciplines, advertising and media as well as experiential had outstanding performances. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin was 16% for the quarter. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $2.03, up 5.7% versus the comparable amount in 2023. Our cash flow continues to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions, and share repurchases and our liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong. We're very pleased with our financial results for the quarter and the last nine months and are on track to achieve the higher end of our organic growth target of between 4% to 5% for the year. We're also maintaining our full-year 2024 EBITDA margin target of close to flat with 2023. Phil will cover our financial results in more detail during his remarks. During the quarter, we announced the formation of Omnicom Advertising Group, a new practice area that aligns our creative agencies globally under one leadership team. OAG includes global advertising networks, BBDO, DDB, and TBWA, as well as the Advertising Collective, which has agencies Goodby Silverstein & Partners, GS D&M, Merkley and Partners, and Zimmerman among others. The Group will be led by a strong core of executives with Troy Ruhanen as Global CEO of OAG, being joined by Nancy Reyes, who was recently promoted to Global CEO, BBDO with Andrew Robertson becoming Chairman. Erin Riley, who is succeeding Troy, and was promoted to the Global CEO of TBWA. Alex Lubar as CEO of DDB, and James Fenton as CEO of the Advertising Collective. OAG aims to bolster Omnicom's Advertising brands by scaling access to solutions, technology platforms, tools, and investments across its creative agencies and clients globally. Additionally, as clients demand more integrated and talented solution from agencies, OAG will help facilitate access to talent and teams across our networks, while providing our talent with the mobility across our different agencies and client teams. As with other practice areas, the creative networks within OAG will retain their unique brand, culture and people. In fact, we believe this new structure will strengthen our agency brands. Late in the quarter, Omnicom Precision Marketing Group expanded its capabilities by acquiring LeapPoint, a digital advisory firm with expertise across the Adobe Content Supply chain. The acquisition is part of our strategic efforts to offer the industry's most comprehensive end-to-end content solution, empowering marketers to accelerate workflows and deliver personalized experiences to their customers at speed and scale. LeapPoint is offering streamlined and automated processes, breakdown operational silos, and improve team collaboration for large enterprise clients. In digital commerce, we achieved an industry first in the quarter. When we acquired Flywheel, we knew connecting marketing to sales would be a game changer for our company and our clients. Leveraging and connecting the capabilities of Omnicom Media Group and Flywheel, we can now directly measure online retail sales generated from media campaigns across the full advertising journey from broadcast TV to upper funnel performance, media, and retail media. This is a significant development and unique to Omnicom. Our partnership with Amazon was instrumental in enabling this breakthrough. As I mentioned in our last call, we consolidated our production units and formed Omnicom production to capitalize on the significant market opportunity for production services. We are investing in scaled and high-quality capabilities in multiple ways. Omnicom Production inaugurated a new state-of-the-art content studio in New York and leveraged Omnicom's first mover partnership in AI to develop innovative capabilities in content development. The investment is already paying off with Omnicom Production winning the Kenvue and Bimbo Bakeries USA production business. In the next several months, you will hear more about how we are using AI across our enterprise to drive more effective campaigns and marketing outcomes, to improve how our people work, and to deliver efficiencies for our clients. In addition to the production wins, we had a very strong new business performance across the group. After an extensive review process, Omnicom Media Group won the biggest pitch of the year by being awarded Amazon's Media Business in the Americas. We are incredibly honored to have been selected by Amazon and to have the opportunity to extend our strong partnership. OMG also won Michelin global media business. Omnicom Media Group topped the convergence first-half 2024 report with $5.3 billion in total new business wins. Omnicom agencies collaborated to win integrated services pitches for Barclays and Bimbo Bakeries USA. Corona Extra appointed GSDM, it's lead creative agency. General Mills hired Goodby, Silverstein & Partners for Creative. Pepsi added BBDO to its creative agency roster. OPMG picked up Adobe's Digital Experience Business and RAPP was selected as Princess Cruises Precision Marketing Agency. Overall, we're very pleased with our new business wins, financial results, and progress on our key initiatives. I want to thank all our teams for their terrific work. While significant market uncertainties remain due to the upcoming elections in the U.S. and the ongoing conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle East, we are actively managing what we can control. We are focused on achieving our organic growth and margin targets for the year and remain confident in our guidance. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John. As John said, the third quarter performance of our business builds on the solid performance of the first-half of 2024. And we continue to make the strategic investments needed to position Omnicom to meet the marketing needs of our customers through acquisitions like Flywheel and LeapPoint and our ongoing investments in Omni, Flywheel Commerce Cloud, AI, and other technology platforms and tools. Let's review our business performance in the third quarter, beginning with our revenue change on slide four. Organic growth in the quarter was strong at 6.5%. The impact on revenue from foreign currency translation was nominal, decreasing reported revenue by just 0.1%. Given recent changes in the relative value of the U.S. dollar, if rates stay where they are currently, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation will be positive 1% for Q4 of 2024 and flat for the full-year 2024. The net impact of acquisition and disposition revenue on reported revenue was positive 2.1% due primarily to the acquisition of Flywheel in January, along with a few small acquisitions from prior quarters, which were partially offset by some smaller dispositions. Based on transactions completed to-date, we expect the impact of acquisition and disposition revenue will approximate 1.75% for Q4 and 2.0% for the full-year. Now let's turn to slide five to review our organic revenue growth by discipline. During the quarter, advertising and media growth of 9% reflected continued strong growth in media and improved performance in advertising, including positive contributions from our production initiative. Precision Marketing growth of 1% was similar to last quarter with continued strong growth at Flywheel and our Precision Marketing Group performance was driven by strong growth in the U.S. at our customer experience agencies, which was offset by lower client spending primarily concentrated in a few markets outside the U.S. With the full contribution from recent client wins, we continue to expect stronger performance in our Precision Marketing Group in the fourth quarter and beyond. Public relations grew 4%. This reflects growth related to U.S. election spending, offset by softer performance internationally. Healthcare revenues were down 1%. By the end of this year, we will be lapping a significant client loss and recent wins should start contributing to improved performance. Branding and retail commerce declined by 5%, resulting from reduced client spending in our branding agencies and flat performance in retail commerce. Experiential growth was very strong at 35%, driven by activations for the Summer Olympics. And execution and support was flat, reflecting good results in field marketing, offset by declines at our merchandising businesses. Turning to geographic growth on slide six. The U.S., our largest market, at organic growth of 6.5% continue a strong performance trend this year. Performance in Europe was also strong in most markets and the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East regions all posted solid growth. Slide seven is our revenue by industry sector for the quarter and year-to-date, both of which maintain their historical stability with no significant changes in mix. Now let's turn to slide eight for a look at our expenses. In the quarter, salary-related service costs grew with increased staffing levels, primarily reflecting our acquisition of Flywheel Digital in January. Year-over-year as a percentage of revenue, these costs were down 1.5% as we continued to nearshore, offshore, and reposition our workforce toward the higher growth services that our clients need. Third-party service costs grew in connection with the growth in our revenue, especially in disciplines that have a higher level of these costs such as media, experiential, and field marketing. Third-party incidental costs reflect out-of-pocket costs billed directly to clients and were up a bit. Occupancy and other costs increased due to the Flywheel acquisition and greater in-office activity, partially offset by lower rent expense. SG&A expenses increased primarily from increases in professional fees and other costs related to our strategic initiatives. Now let's turn to slide nine and look at our income statement in more detail. With no adjustments during the third quarter, EBITDA and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA both grew 7.9% and the EBITDA margin was 16.0% versus the comparable 16.1% margin last year. EBITDA reflects the add-back to operating income for amortization of acquired intangible assets and internally developed strategic platform intangible assets. Approximately 85% of the amount added back relates to acquired intangible assets. We expect similar levels of amortization in the fourth quarter. The EBITDA margin reflects our performance and includes costs incurred in connection with our investments in Omni, Flywheel Commerce Cloud, AI, and other technology platforms and tools as well as costs related to the integration of Flywheel. It also reflects the relative weighted performance of our disciplines. Year-to-date, our adjusted EBITDA margin is 15.1% compared to 15.2% last year. For the full-year 2024, we continue to expect this margin to be close to flat with our 2023 adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.6%, as we balance cost savings initiatives with strategic investment opportunities that we believe will drive strong future revenue and EBITDA growth. Moving down the income statement, net interest expense in the third quarter of 2024 increased $2.1 million to $40.4 million. The change was driven by a $12.9 million increase in interest expense due to higher outstanding debt from the Flywheel financing and the recent note issuance in advance of our November maturity. The change in net interest expense also reflects a $10.8 million increase in interest income due to higher average cash and short-term investment balances. Our income tax rate of 26.8% was in line with our expectation of 27%. We also expect the rate for the fourth quarter to approximate 27%. Below the line, I'd like to point out that our strong growth in revenue and EBITDA were driven in part as always by some agencies that have minority interests, including recent acquisitions. This resulted in higher minority interest expense in Q3, compared to last year. Net income growth of 3.8%, coupled with fewer diluted shares outstanding from our buyback activity drove a 4.8% lift in diluted earnings per share. On an adjusted basis, excluding after-tax amortization, diluted earnings per share was up 5.7% to $2.03. Now please turn to slide 10. Free cash flow year-to-date is up 4% from last year. Our definition like other peers, excludes changes in working capital. For the nine months ended September 30, our use of working capital improved by 8%, as you can see in the appendix on slide 18. We remain focused on working capital management and continue to work towards our historically neutral annual level over time. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $416 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $64 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures were $94 million, which as discussed on prior calls, reflect our investment in Flywheel and our strategic technology platform initiatives as well as investments in our facilities. Total acquisition payments, which include earn-out payments and the acquisition of additional non-controlling interests were $953 million, which primarily reflects the $845 million acquisition of Flywheel, net of cash acquired in January, and the late September acquisition of LeapPoint. Finally, our share repurchase activity, net of proceeds from stock plans was $359 million year-to-date and $113 million in the quarter. Our expectation for the year has been for annual repurchases in 2024 to be approximately half of our historical average of about $600 million. While we exceeded that level as of September 30, Q4 repurchases will depend on a variety of factors. Slide 11 is a summary of our credit, liquidity, and debt maturities. At the end of the third quarter of 2024, the book value of our outstanding debt was $6.9 billion, which reflects a $655 million euro of financing, which we did earlier this year. To fund a portion of the Flywheel acquisition and a $600 million financing this summer to be used with cash on hand to repay our $750 million notes due November 1, 2024. The effects of foreign currency translation also increased the book value of our debt by $98 million. Our cash equivalents and short-term investments at September 30 were $3.5 billion, up from last year primarily reflecting the $600 million note issued this summer. We also have an undrawn $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program. After the November maturity, we have no further maturities until April of 2026. The financing activity I just discussed has given us the opportunity to invest cash at favorable rates relative to the 3.65% coupon on our notes that are due in November. We will pay off the notes in November, and we currently estimate that net interest expense in Q4 will be a little higher than Q3 of 2024. Slide 12 presents our historical returns on two important performance metrics for the 12 months ended September 30, 2024. Omnicom's return on invested capital was 20% and return on equity was 41%, both of which consistently reflect our strong performance and solid balance sheet. I will now ask the operator to please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hey, thank you. John, wanted to check in on what you're hearing lately from clients. You previously talked about the Fed a lot and what they might do as a point of hesitation. We have some clarity there now, but there is obviously other factors like the election creating uncertainty. So can you give an update on the tone of conversations and maybe how that's informing your view of Q4 or '25?
John Wren: Sure, I don't think that Fed in terms of the balance of the year is much of a subject that we're currently discussing, it's turned primarily to the election and even that won't really significantly impact, what typically happens in the fourth quarter, which is hard to expand. Which, God knows you've been on the call long enough, David, to hear me say this every time this year. We gain visibility as we go through the quarter to see what clients are going to spend and that number goes from some number to $250 million depending upon client activity. I think that's more the case at the moment. If depending on who you talk to, a lot of people are talking about we have achieved is soft landing. Our business reflects that, but who knows the result? I'd probably be doing something else if I actually could answer that question with some accuracy. I don't know if that's helpful or not.
David Karnovsky: Yes. John, that's helpful. And then I feel like I have to ask on Amazon, just given it's the largest media shift, at least in recent memory. Can you expand a bit on the win factors you think kind of gave you an edge in a review what that means for the wider media? And then anything you can say on when you would expect that to start to flow through the results?
John Wren: Sure. Well, Amazon was just the largest win in quite a while and quite phenomenal and we're very, very happy to have been selected and proud of it. It proves a number of points. One is the solid relationship we had with Amazon coming off of the Flywheel acquisition, which we did earlier in the year. But more importantly, than that as I think you'd see in the convergence reports if you looked at them, our media group has been incredibly successful this year and we have every belief that it will continue to do that as opportunities come up. So the skills, the investments, Omni, all that, all adds to an extremely strong media offering. And overall from an Amazon point of view, this has created a real enterprise relationship between the two companies and it's going to permit us to do other things as we go forward. So very, very proud of that. It was a complicated long process because they were very thorough in what they did and we invested a great deal of time and energy demonstrating to them what we could bring to the party.
David Karnovsky: Okay. Thank you.
John Wren: You know, the one thing is as you mentioned flow through or something along that line, when you're pitching a piece of business like that, it's expensive, the revenue will start in the new year. What we're currently doing is making sure that we're staffing up properly. So no balls are dropped and that is something that we'll continue through the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cameron McVeigh with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Cameron McVeigh: Thanks. Hey, John. As you think about growth over the next couple of years with mid-single-digit top line growth, can you get to margin expansion and then back to being a double-digit EPS grower? And your view of what would need to go right to make that happen?
John Wren: Well, there is a number of things that are going on. There is -- what we've done in production earlier in the year, what we did with OAG just in the last quarter, those are all efficiencies, which are going to help us perform better as we go forward. What is unknown is the level of investments that we continue to make to get AI and all the associated benefits associated with that. Functioning at a level that is really bulletproof or tested to the point where it won't break if we deploy it to clients and we're in the process of doing that right now. And that's the process that's going to continue through the balance of this year where we develop some incredibly interesting tools, which should make us more effective going forward. But there is the cost associated with the development of those tools. And that's how you stay at top of that convergence list and the new business list by constantly making those investments, while striving for the appropriate margins that we should be receiving. So I'm bullish as we forward because our guys have done amazing things so far and now we're just testing its tolerance.
Cameron McVeigh: Got it. Thanks. And then secondly, how the integration of Flywheel been going? What have you learned? How are the potential growth and margin impacts trending as we head into the fourth quarter and look into 2025? And do you still expect Flywheel to grow top line double-digits?
John Wren: The answer to that question is yes. I do expect it to grow. There's no better demonstration of collaborative effort than the Amazon win, which I just spoke about a second ago. I mentioned in my call that we're able to measure marketing spend for the very first time and that's done with a rather important CPG client that we have, where we've proven that it's all measurable. And as we get other clients where we have the opportunity to do that, that's going to further distinguish Omnicom in terms of justifying media spend and ROI and investment in just the general area.
Phil Angelastro: I think the other thing that's helpful from a Flywheel perspective is the integration that's happened between Omni and the data and analytics platform that we have with Omni and the Flywheel data that now Flywheel Commerce Cloud data that now is part of that solution and service offering. So having the behavioral data of an Omni, which is very robust dataset along with the Flywheel Commerce transaction dataset is a very powerful proposition. Certainly, some of our clients are interested in that solution. And we think over time, there is going to be more and more examples of that really being a powerful tool for us with our clients and with new business wins going forward.
Cameron McVeigh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. So I think the higher end of the 4% to 5% guidance range that you've talked about implies like low force organic growth in Q4. So just trying to think about whether that's an intentional walk towards that level for Q4 or with some of that uncertainty that always is there with project spend, if you just want to be conservative, as I know you often are at this point. Because I think you've talked about a sequential acceleration in growth in the second-half of the year. So just want to think about how we can think about Q4 within that since that has bigger implications for 2025. And then, John, I think a few quarters ago, when you closed on Flywheel, you talked about Precision Marketing possibly exiting this year at close to double-digit growth. Phil, I know you gave some reasons as to why it was a little slower and that you expect it to accelerate in Q4. I was just wondering if you could go maybe a level deeper as to what you're seeing in the Precision Marketing segment and how we can think about maybe the longer-term performance in that business. Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. Well, I'm sticking with our guidance because I don't know the project spend in the fourth quarter. We're certainly trying to continue to win whatever business we can and to service our clients wherever we can profitably service them. So there is no lack of effort going on anywhere within the four walls of this company. I'm not -- I'll stick with my statement. I expect to be at the very high end of what my guidance has been for the year. And I'm confident as I sit here today that I'm going to be able to achieve that. If I'm lucky and there is more project spend, obviously that will flow through as well. In terms of Precision, Phil can add to it, but the United States has been very strong. The shortfall, if there has been, it's been primarily in -- outside the United States. And specifically outside the United States, there were consulting business that was very tired to the U.K. government and the snap election that was called kind of suspended spending in the short-run, while that election was being executed. And we expect that they'll return to growth in the fourth quarter based upon everything we know as we sit here today. Phil might have something to add.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. So our view of the Precision Marketing Group in that space hasn't changed. We think it's a strategic growth area for us, no question. We're committed to continuing to invest over the long-term in that space. Most recently through the acquisition of LeapPoint, which we closed just at the end of September. The growth prospects in that business are great, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. They had some recent new business wins that have just started to kick in, GM in the U.S., in particular as an example. And we expect excellent growth prospects in the relatively near-term and we're optimistic about its performance in Q4 for sure.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a question about your view of the overall industry. And I ask because your growth rate has been in this sort of mid-single-digit range, which is a bit better than it was maybe a decade ago? And do you think that this is a function of just you're taking share from other holding companies or do you think that the overall industry is actually doing a bit better and growing a bit more briskly? Thanks.
John Wren: Well, I think our product mix has certainly shifted as we've made investments in things like Flywheel, things like Omni. We can measure better than we could a decade ago. And anything you can measure, clients typically will sit and give you a very fair hearing about where to invest that money. So I do think that the industry is in better shape than it was in the last five or six years, and I'm confident that will only continue. And I think that the investments that we've made and where we've placed our focus have paid-off and they will continue to pay-off because we can distinguish ourselves in ways that we've never been able to do five years ago. So I remain bullish about our prospects and as I enter into '25, that gets supported by the laundry list of wins that I've talked about in my prepared remarks, which is really contributing revenue in this calendar year. They're contributing expenses as we get ready to service that revenue, but so we should be off to a very solid start, I would think as we get into '25 and beyond.
Jason Bazinet: That's great.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, in terms of the portfolio itself and where it stands today, we've done quite a bit of work over the last five, six years. To strengthen the portfolio, we've exited a few different businesses and service lines. And we're confident about the parts of the business we've been making investments in terms of their growth prospects. So certainly, yes, the business we have today is quite a bit different than what we had just six, seven, eight years ago. And the world is different. But one of the other things that we think we've been able to capitalize on is the convergence or merging of certain budgets within the client that we have access to today because of the services and disciplines we offer clients, which didn't necessarily have access to in the past, and that's opening up beyond marketing and advertising budgets and having access to services that we can provide to the CIO organization and the sales organization at our clients as well. So we've got a broader group of services and a broader group of clients to kind of potentially access if we're successful.
Jason Bazinet: That's great. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi. Thanks. I've got a couple as well separately. So first, John, could you explain a bit more about the Omnicom Advertising Group? You announced this, I think over the summer after you last reported numbers. It seems to me like it follows a bit on what you did many years ago putting Omnicom Media Group together. And then just last quarter, you announced the Omnicom Production Studios. So kind of consolidating agency operations? And then you've got Flywheel in the mix now, which I think is sort of tapping into all these things. So are you just kind of becoming one bigger, better-integrated company now versus how do you service individual clients as individual agency brands? I guess, that's the question. How integrated versus separate are you now?
John Wren: Sure. The short answer to that is we're much more integrated than we've ever been in the past, but the motivation for doing Omnicom Advertising Group was as you look into the technological changes which are impacting our business and the use of artificial intelligence and how it's going to be implied in efforts that we are engaged in, it is more sensible for us to be making those investments on a singular basis. And then light labeling those products and deploying them to the various cultures that we have. So the move of OAG was really done on our front foot, saying that we can do a better job for our clients, a better deployment of our talent, a better creation, and execution of tools if we look at those efforts singularly, but we're still very dedicated to the brands and the various cultures that the brands bring to the party. Because every one of our agency groups is somewhat different in their approach and how they go to market and different clients have different needs for those approaches. So it puts us in a situation where I think we can optimize the best of both worlds, maintaining a very strong past, which allows us to attract, continue to attract the strongest talent in the market, but yet concentrate and make meaningful investments in tools and that are deploy -- that are useful to every client. And will create efficiencies in the case of many, many clients and improve the speed, and the information that our knowledge workers, be they creative, be they strategic people will have access to.
Tim Nollen: So is it more a top line synergies, I guess, or is it more or is it more cost savings, or is it equally both?
John Wren: The cost savings are de-minimis in terms of its waste avoidance more than anything else rather than listening to 75 different agencies' slightly variant approach towards AI. What we're able to do is to put them in a room and have them come up with a consensus as to what they think would be most useful for their clients and then make those investments behind that. Had we not put media together 20-odd years ago, we would have never been able to create Omni if you had 14 different media groups. So this is -- nothing is the same as it was in the past, but it's very similar. And with the resources that we have and the intelligence that we have making those investments properly where they can be most useful to clients and most useful to us in terms of us being the group that gets selected when clients put their business up for a review, it's a balance of both. So it's waste avoidance as opposed to cost synergy. We weren't looking to cut heads. We were looking to improve the quality of the products of our brands and the tools that those folks had available to them.
Tim Nollen: Okay, got it. Thanks for that explanation. That's clear. My second topic I wanted to bring up is about retail media. You were talking a bit about Flywheel and how it helped with Amazon. And my question really is, do you feel like you're active in both onsite as well as offsite retail media? And if you could talk about maybe what the opportunities are in each, onsite being bringing ads onto a retailer's website or apps? And then offsite being able to do what it seems to me is really what agencies should be good at is understanding where consumers are, how to reach them wherever they are, and bring them to the retailer’s side. I hope it's not too deep in the weeds, but I wonder if you could maybe talk about how Flywheel might help with your agency's abilities to do that.
John Wren: Well, Flywheel is the leader, bar none by multiples of activity in the leading online retail type of providers, be it Amazon, Walmart, you go down the list, Target, you go outside of the United States into China, which have some pretty cutting edge things where we're engaged with them as well. So we were first to the market or they were first to the market before we acquired them. We have a great depth of knowledge. We have a lot of trust built up with the pioneers who have really blazed the retail trail because of our history. So I think we're in very good shape. Now does it mean I have a monopoly in it? No, there'll be other pretenders that come to the place, to the market, and will compete against them, but will compete successfully. But this Flywheel was in fact a decade ahead of the next closest thing. People will put together fancy press releases and say that they can accomplish things, but substantively, Flywheel has done it. And we continue to make further investments in Flywheel and the team that envisioned that before marketplace really existed and the people responsible for it are the best in a relatively small industry in terms of where the talent lies. So I think we're very fortunate to have Flywheel and it will contribute very strongly to our growth as we move forward.
Tim Nollen: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. I had a couple of questions. John, it's not often that we hear you use the word bullish to describe your business. I think I heard you say twice, your business and your outlook and stuff. So I'd love to expand upon that please? Well, listening here. Just a little more depth there about what you're seeing in the marketplace in the U.S. overseas, which -- why do you use the word bullish? What's changed in your mind?
John Wren: Well, yes, I'm bullish about Omnicom, first and foremost, sort of the level of wins that we've had in the last four months of the year, which will be contributing to revenues as we start into next year. I'm also bullish about our percentage of winning and our ability to compete in the marketplace and the sophistication of the clients that have selected us in this whole process. So I've got a lot of confidence, in the beginning of next year I have a lot of confidence in the teams that are pitching. I have a lot of confidence in the tools that we've developed and the ones we are currently battering. So that's what really makes me bullish. And with each one of these technological improvements, we're able to increasingly optimize and measure our performance. And anything that can be measured can be sold to a sophisticated client. Are there going to be bumps in the road and interruptions in certain industries in the economy? Of course, but from an overall point of view, I’m bullish, I'm very confident but mostly confident in the team that surrounds me and the investments that we've made.
Craig Huber: My second question, John.
John Wren: My wife would use the same thing, I haven't been bullish about this either, but now I am bullish. I did use it twice, but now I've used it five times.
Craig Huber: All right. Good to hear. And then on margins, if one of you could comment, I mean, obviously, if you have roughly, as you're saying roughly 5% organic growth for the year, you're talking about margins close to flat with a year ago. Can you just go through for us what's holding back your margins this year? What's unique this year holding back? I mean, obviously, you guys invest very heavily every year, but is it significantly higher this year than prior years? And then what's going to fall off potentially next year to help margins -- potentially next year if you have roughly similar growth?
John Wren: Well, I'll let Phil do this one. I'll just add one, two small comments up front. One is to get business, you have to invest money. Two, to see the revenue from it. And I think I've said this 10,000 times before, not just twice. When you win a new piece of business, it's the most expensive time of your relationship because you're staffing up without the revenue. And unfortunately, when you lose business, would you counterintuitively, but you expect to see margin improvement because you can reduce your staff pretty quickly and the revenue is still coming to you contractually. So don't be deceived by any 90-day period would be my word of caution. We are trying to balance in our judgment where we should be making investments and how we make those investments internally through our P&L in order to develop the products which make us successful in the marketplace. So it's a balance of delivering margin to the shareholder, but making sure that we're fit for purpose as we go forward. Phil, do you want to...
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think those are certainly a couple of the key parts of how we look at the margin profile overall and how we manage the company strategically overall. And 2024 is no different in terms of our approach. As we said throughout the year, we expect our margins for the year to be close to flat. As John indicated, there have been quite a few pitches that we've been successful in, those pitches do require an investment. And then when you win them, staffing up requires an investment in the near term. We're going to continue to make strategic investments in the business, the Omni platform, Flywheel Commerce Cloud platform. And this year, certainly, there's been more of a focus on GenAI and there have been a number of initiatives that we pursued and we continue to pursue in a space that we think is going to be very important for our business going forward. And the goal ultimately is to make those investments to position us for sustainable future growth. And we've done that in the past. We've seen it benefit us in terms of the Omni platform and the many wins we've had over the years, because of the investments we've made. We look at the business long-term, we reevaluate the portfolio. But the goal ultimately is to grow sustainably and over time grow margins. So we've got a number of efficiency initiatives that are well underway. We're going to continue to pursue the areas of offshoring and nearshoring. Automation certainly is a big push of ours. We continue to push that and look for efficiencies wherever we can find them. And ultimately, that's where some of these benefits in terms of margin improvement are going to come from. But we're not going to be short-sighted, not make the investments that need to be made to have sustainable growth just because we want to maximize margins in the short term. But certainly we're going to continue to strive to improve margins over time. And we think we have a portfolio that's going to allow us to do that. And some of the recent wins certainly are very encouraging towards that as we go forward.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Berlin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Adam Berlin: Yes. Hi, good evening. And two questions, if I can. Very strong quarter with 6.5% organic growth. You mentioned there were some benefits from the U.S. election cycle and the Olympics in there. But can this be a typical quarter? Is this the kind of growth you're looking to achieve or should we just think of this a bit of a one-off special quarter just given those special events? That's the first question.
John Wren: Well, the election probably contributed less than it has in prior presidential elections, but it did contribute something. And wherever there is an Olympics, we generally get a bump and that's every two years or so. We also get a bump during congressional elections in the United States as well every two years. So I think there is some contribution in the 6.5% to those activities, but whilst they're not every quarter, they are ongoing because we have the best players servicing those areas. So...
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I mean, we've grown a little over 5% through nine months, we expect to be at the high-end of our range for the year. We grew 4.1% last year. Coming out of COVID, double-digits in '21, 9.5% in '22. Yes, we're certainly expecting to grow in the future, is 5% a new normal? I think it's early to say that certainly. But what we've made, we spoke a lot about the investments we continue to make. We expect that to be, we expect the business to be a good platform for growth into the future. But when it comes to elections and the benefit we get in the experiential businesses along with the PR businesses from an election perspective. Yeah, that's a two-year cycle. We'll take it when we can get it. We don't expect experiential to grow at the same rate in a non-Olympic year. But it depends on other factors if there is World Cup or the European Championships that year. Those businesses are going to grow. They're going to be a little choppier quarter-to-quarter. I think we don't make conclusions based on any one particular quarter. But longer-term, we think the performance in '24 and '23, certainly is good performance and we expect and strive to continue to grow at those rates going forward.
John Wren: Yes. And the only thing I’d add to the election, who said, is that money is being spent in very few states this time around, because the country, the United States anyway, is so divided that I think this election will be called based upon very thin margins, Adam, excuse me, in a number of places. And personally, I don't think the election is going to be known on November 5, but it will probably go on beyond that personal speculation, so…
Adam Berlin: Thanks. That's helpful. And I just want to ask one more, which is obviously you're outperforming some of your peers. I just wonder how that's impacting kind of talent. So are you looking to add talent into your organization from your peers? Is it helping you to retain talent? Just can you give some comments about how the strong performance is helping you and with the people you have?
John Wren: Sure. We have a very strong bunch of talent. I'm always open and we're always recruiting for more talent, especially as we win these businesses staffing up for them. They're no small projects. They require a lot of people to be brought on board and in a very relatively quick manner. So some of them are coming from competitors, others are new entries into the marketplace. And as Phil said, we don't have the proof points yet, but we're well on our way towards the automation. And we also think AI, if we don't break the tools that we've been able to build through overcapacity, will help us attract more knowledge workers as I refer to them because the mundane tasks that some of these efforts require get eliminated through this new technology. So the business is changing more rapidly than I think it has during my career, and all to the positive from my perspective.
Adam Berlin: Thank you very much.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Gregory Lundberg, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our second quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, you'll find a press release and a presentation covering the information that we're going to review today. An archived webcast will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we've included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2023 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. And after our prepared remarks, we will open the line for your questions. I'll now hand the call to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to share our second-quarter results. Organic growth was very strong at 5.2% for the quarter. The U.S. grew at 6.3% across our disciplines, Advertising & Media as well as Experiential, all had outstanding performances. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.3% for the quarter, which excludes the effect of the severance costs related primarily to the formation of Omnicom production. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share, which excludes the after-tax effect of the amortization of acquired and strategic platform intangibles and the severance costs I just discussed was $1.95, up 4.8% versus the comparable amount in 2023. Our cash flow continues to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases and our liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong. We're pleased with our financial results for the quarter and the first-half and are maintaining our full-year organic revenue growth target of between 4% and 5% and full-year 2024 EBITDA margin target of close to flat with 2023. Phil will cover our results in more detail during his remarks. We made progress across several areas throughout the quarter. We expanded our end-to-end generative AI solution, grew our e-commerce offerings, launched a new production practice area and secured numerous prominent client wins. Last year at Cannes, we unveiled Omni 3.0, the next generation of Omni powered by Gen AI. We also announced first-mover collaborations with Adobe, Amazon, Getty, Google and Microsoft's OpenAI to gain early access to their large language models. Just over a year later, we're seeing these generative AI platforms' tools and partnerships being activated throughout every area of our business from strategy to creative to production, media and precision marketing. One example is TBWA's launch of collective AI, a suite of AI tools available to its employees and clients. Collective AI automates and drives efficiencies in basic tasks and provides AI-driven insights, allowing our teams to dedicate more time to helping brands bring distinctive products, services and experiences to market. Collective AI includes custom applications, leverages TBWA's extensive archives using large language models and is powered by Omni's first-mover generative AI partnerships. Another example is the recent launch of ArtBotAI, our intelligent content orchestration platform. Leveraging models powered by Omni, ArtBotAI assembles clients' digital assets to create and deliver high-quality personalized experiences to consumers at scale, maximizing the value of clients' creative content as well as the precision and performance of their media investments. These developments highlight the success of our generative AI strategy, which is to provide our agencies Omnicom like tools and capabilities that can be used to make our people more effective and our operations more efficient and to drive transformative outcomes for our clients. During the quarter, we also continued to execute our strategic plans to further expand our market-leading retail media and e-commerce capabilities following the acquisition of Flywheel. At Cannes, we announced a collaboration with Amazon Ads that enables our media teams to access Amazon's browsing, shopping and streaming insights to directly tie linear and CTV investments to purchases made on Amazon. Essential to this partnership are Flywheels products and transactional signals, which are paired with Omni's audience and viewership data. This connection results in more effective marketing investments and increased ROI for our clients. Also at Cannes, Flywheel was certified with TikTok Shop, enabling us to connect creator content to product sales so we can measure marketing performance. These additions to our e-commerce offerings follow Omnicom's designation as a leader in the Q2 2024 Forrester Wave for Commerce Services. Our prominent position in the market is a testament to the early success of our acquisition of Flywheel, aligned with the omnichannel capabilities of Omnicom Commerce Group and the MarTech consulting capabilities of Omnicom's Precision Marketing Group. In June, we announced the formation of Omnicom production, a new practice area that combines our global production units. Omnicom production provides best-in-class content production services throughout a network of studios powered by data-driven insights and the latest technologies. The centralization of our production agencies will improve how we deliver content to clients in a simpler, more integrated and more effective way. More importantly, Omnicom production now has the breadth of capabilities to pursue a significant amount of incremental production revenue growth as we consolidate investments in new technologies and products that will provide better, cheaper services to our clients. The group has over 3,000 people across major markets worldwide. Through the combination of Omnicom content studios, eg+, Designory, Mother Tongue, Link9, and the production departments previously housed within our creative agencies. Sergio Lopez, one of the industry's most awarded creative production leaders, is leading Omnicom production. We're thrilled to have him at the helm. This centralized production capability coupled with ArtBotAI powered by Omni provides the industry's most comprehensive and intelligent content solution that delivers on the promise of mass personalization at-scale. From Gen AI to e-commerce to production, we are continuing to enhance our offerings to meet our clients' needs for better inform strategic insights using AI, creatively inspired content that can be personalized at scale and investments in targeted media that can be measured through quantifiable outcomes, all delivered in the most efficient and effective manner. Our differentiated capabilities uniquely position us to serve our current and future client needs. Our success is reflected through a series of recent client wins. Omnicom Precision Marketing Group won the consolidated CRM business from General Motors. TBWA was awarded the creative account for Carnival. AstraZeneca appointed Omnicom as one of its primary oncology network partners. Flywheel had several account wins including Cannon, Carter's, Lipton and Nestle. Omnicom Media Group won the media account for Gap, PHD, retained Singapore Airlines and the Volkswagen accounts and won David Yurman's and Priceline's media business. Our Media Group's strong showing was underpinned by two of its agencies, OMD and PHD being named the top two media agencies at time lines this year. Congratulations to everybody who played a role in these client wins as well as the award-winning work at Cannes. Overall, we're pleased with our first-half financial results and our progress on key strategic initiatives. Looking ahead, we expect stronger second-half results in-line with our full-year organic growth and margin targets. I'm confident we can meet these targets even as we continue to monitor and adapt to changes in the macro-environment. I'll now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thanks, John. As you just heard, there are many exciting things underway at Omnicom and our success is driven by the investments we've made and continue to make in leading tools, platforms and capabilities needed to serve our current and future clients in a rapidly changing marketplace. The strength of our business model is that we continue to make these investments while delivering solid financial results as we did in the second quarter. Let's review our performance beginning on Slide 4. Organic growth in the quarter was strong at 5.2%. The impact on revenue from foreign currency translation as we expected decreased reported revenue by 1%. If rates stay where they are currently, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation will be negative 0.5% for Q3 2024 and for the full-year 2024. The net impact of acquisition and disposition revenue on reported revenue was positive 2.6% due primarily to the acquisition of Flywheel this January and partially offset by the cycling of some smaller dispositions. Based on transactions completed to date, we expect the impact of acquisition and disposition revenue will approximate 1.5% for Q3 and for the full-year. Now let's turn to Slide 5 to review our organic revenue growth by discipline. During the quarter, Advertising & Media growth was once again quite strong at 7.8%, driven by improved performance in advertising and excellent performance on our global media businesses. Precision Marketing grew 1.4%. While we saw a strong double-digit performance at Flywheel, some of our project-based consulting agencies within Precision Marketing encountered delays in client spending this quarter. We do expect a strong performance starting later in the second half as new wins are brought online and project spend returns to a more normal level. Public relations returned to growth in the quarter and was up 1%. In the U.S., growth was approximately 4% with a little more than half of that growth driven by U.S. election-related work. Healthcare grew 2% during the quarter with consistent performance for both our U.S. and international agencies. Branding and retail commerce declined by 3.8% as the environment for our branding agencies remains difficult. Experiential grew a strong 17.6%, driven primarily by client work-related to the Olympics. And execution and support grew 1.2% with strong performance by our field marketing business, which was offset by our merchandising business. Turning to geographic growth on Slide 6, we had a solid quarter across our regions. Our largest market, the U.S., grew 6.3%. Europe and the U.K. also posted strong growth. Asia-Pacific, however, was flat on a challenging comparison to Q2 2023 at our experiential business in China, while Latin-America continued its strong growth streak. Slide 7 is our revenue by industry sector for the quarter. Results year-to-date were generally stable as usual. Looking at our larger categories, we saw an increase in food and beverage and consumer products as a percentage of the total, driven by Flywheel's client mix, which was not part of our prior year revenue. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for a look at our expenses. In the first-quarter, salary-related service costs grew with increased staffing levels, which primarily reflect our acquisition of Flywheel in January. However, these costs were down over one point as a percentage of revenue year-over-year, reflecting ongoing strategic repositioning actions and changes in our global employee mix. Third-party service costs grew in connection with the growth in our revenue, especially in disciplines that have a higher-level of these costs, such as media, experiential and field marketing. Third-party incidental costs increased along with growth in our business and related out-of-pocket costs billed directly to clients. Occupancy and other costs increased year-over-year, mostly due to the Flywheel acquisition. Our rent expense decreased and although total occupancy and other costs increased, they were flat year-over-year as a percentage of revenues. SG&A expenses increased year-over-year, primarily from increases in professional fees incurred in connection with our strategic initiatives. As a percentage of revenue on a constant dollar basis, however, SG&A levels were only up slightly. Now let's turn to Slide 9 and look at our income statement in more detail. To start, in Q2 we took a repositioning charge of $57.8 million, which increased our operating expenses. This primarily reflects severance-related to efficiency initiatives, including strategic agency consolidation in the smaller international markets of our advertising networks, the start of our centralized production strategy and other efficiency efforts. These initiatives continue and although we expect some additional steps to be taken in these areas in Q3, we expect them to be primarily self-liquidating. The table on this page shows the impact of this repositioning charge in the second quarter of 2024 as well as the net impact in Q2 of 2023 of the $72.3 million repositioning charge as well as the gain of $78.8 million that were recorded in Q2 of last year. On a non-GAAP adjusted basis, EBITDA grew 5.5% and EBITDA margin was 15.3% versus the comparable 15.5% margin in the second-quarter of last year. As discussed last quarter, the relatively small decrease in margin includes the results of our Flywheel acquisition as well as the related integration costs. Similar to last quarter, EBITDA reflects the $21.5 million add-back to operating income, our amortization of acquired intangible assets and internally developed strategic platform intangible assets. We expect similar levels of amortization in the second half of the year. We also continue to expect our full-year 2024 adjusted EBITDA margin to be close to flat with our 2023 adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.6%. Moving down the income statement. Net interest expense in the second-quarter of 2024 increased $14.3 million to $41.7 million. The change was driven by a $5.2 million increase in interest expense due to higher outstanding debt from the Flywheel financing and a $9.1 million decrease in interest income due to lower average cash and short-term investment balances. Our income tax-rate of 26% was close to flat compared to Q2 of 2023. For the second-half of 2024, we continue to expect our income tax rate to approximately 27%. Higher-income from equity investments was offset by higher expense from earnings attributed to minority interests. And despite a reduced diluted share count, reported earnings per share declined due to the repositioning costs, but on a non-GAAP adjusted basis increased 4.8% to $1.95. Now please turn to Slide 11. Free-cash flow year-to-date is up 2.4% from last year. We define free cash flow as cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in working capital. In Q2 2024, our working capital use followed its typical seasonal cycle and declined from Q1 to Q2. And our Q2 performance improved compared to Q2 of 2023 and the first half of 2023. We're making progress as expected and we continue to work towards our historically neutral levels of working capital. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $279 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $34 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures increased to $62 million, which as discussed on prior calls, we expect to be somewhat higher than last year as we continue to invest in Flywheel and our strategic platform initiatives. Total acquisition payments were $829 million, which reflects the $845 million acquisition of Flywheel, net of cash acquired. There were no acquisitions in the second quarter. Finally, our stock repurchase activity, net of proceeds of stock plans was $246 million year-to-date and $70 million in the quarter. Our expectation for the year is unchanged with total repurchases reduced as a result of the Flywheel acquisition, approximately half of our historical average of $600 million. We continue to maintain our balanced approach to capital allocation with a competitive dividend, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases and an investment-grade balance sheet. Slide 12 is a summary of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. At the end-of-the second-quarter of 2024, the book-value of our outstanding debt was $6.2 billion, up over $600 million from funding a portion of the Flywheel acquisition during Q1 of 2024. Our cash equivalents and short-term investments at June 30 were $2.7 billion, down slightly from last year. We also have an undrawn $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program. We continue to monitor the credit markets with regard to our $750 million of 3.65% senior notes that are due November 1st, 2024. At this point, given where interest rates are and our financing activity early in 2024 and the anticipated refinancing, our current estimate compared to last year is that net interest expense will increase by approximately $7 million in Q3 and $16 million in Q4. Slide 13 presents our historical returns on two important performance metrics for the 12 months ended June 30th, 2024. Omnicom's return on invested capital was 20% and return-on-equity is 43%, both of which consistently reflect our strong performance and solid balance sheet. I will now ask the operator to please open the lines up for questions-and-answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Cameron McVeigh with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Cameron McVeigh: Hi, John and Phil, thanks for taking my questions. Just had a couple. Advertising & Media growth was strong again this quarter with a lot of talk around generative AI. I was curious if you could help us parse out how creative is growing within that segment? And on that point, curious if you've seen customers start to experiment with any text-to-video platforms recently and if that has impacted client ad spend at all? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. Creativity really is at the core of everything that we do. You can take the most sophisticated AI enabling tools. And if you give them to everybody, you'd still be at parity and you need creative insights and thought in order to differentiate and to beat your competitor in effect. So the method and the activities that we go through which get attributed historically to advertising versus media versus CRM, they shift within the share of wallet, but the concept of advertising thought of from a creative point-of-view will continue to grow and prosper even as these tools develop. And that's why we look at truly share of wallet when we're reporting the numbers to you because it would be very inequitable to parse them any further.
Philip Angelastro: In terms of some specifics though, ultimately the majority of the growth in the Advertising & Media discipline is from the strong performance of the media business, but the creative agencies within that overall grew this quarter, not at the same pace, but they grew relative to last year.
Cameron McVeigh: Got it. Okay. And thank you. And secondly, so could you discuss a bit further your recently-announced production initiatives? Curious how you're framing both the growth and cost impacts there? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. I would be happy to. This is something we've been planning since late last year. And the gentlemen that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Sergio Lopez, comes from a very -- a competitor was very successful in this area, but we had to wait six months before he could join us. So our plans were kind of frozen until he came on-board in June. This is more to do with revenue possibilities and growth in the future than the cost efficiencies that we're going -- we went through in taking the charge that we took to reorganize our people. When I compare Omnicom's production revenue and performance, I would say that at least two of my competitors are two to three times in their reported numbers, so you have to look at everything from the top-down, are two to three times the size that we are or we work today. We decided that the only way that we're going to efficiently and effectively grow, especially in this AI environment, which is going to change those legacy production businesses was in fact to centralize it, centralize it with somebody terribly experienced in centralization of these type of activities having done it for two competitors in the past. And our expectations are that we'll finish the moves and the basic changes that have to go on throughout, we'll tweak them for the next quarter or two and that we fully expect to be what I'd rank us right now in that particular discipline out-of-the top five and the expectation is that within the next 30 to 36 months will be in the top three. So this had more to do with the revenue opportunity and what it offers. And it also fits very well with the ArtBotAI tool that we just generated and plus others that we have in the pipeline, which we'll be introducing as this thing rolls out and we gain more-and-more clients.
Cameron McVeigh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hi, thank you. On the organic guide, maybe can you speak to the decision to leave the outlook unchanged following the 4.6% year-to-date? A question we've gotten is why not adjust to your -- raise the low-end especially, John, if as you said, you're expecting better second-half results or getting the benefit of some cyclical events as well?
John Wren: Yes, my confidence is built upon my conversation with clients and the business that we have today. I really don't control macroeconomic items nor the election or whatever those impacts are. And I think you'll all recall me having said this for the last 20 odd years that the fourth-quarter is always a project environment. So rather than change our forecast every day and every 90 days is the equivalent to every day. We're very comfortable with the forecast that we've given you. We're just slightly below the top-end having completed six months. And when we get evidence that the fourth-quarter post-election is going to be a stable period of time, we may elect at that point to review what guidance we've given you, but it's not our habit to be that flighty. We want you to believe what we say and so therefore we don't change what we say until we're confident about it.
David Karnovsky: Understood. And then, John, you talked a little bit recently about a need or desire to partly shift agency compensation models maybe to a performative or licensing aspect with Gen AI potentially as a catalyst for that. I'm curious what the reception has been among your clients for this so far? And do you think it's realistic for a sizable portion of the industry to make this kind of a change? Thank you.
John Wren: I'm not prepared to talk to the business of others only to my own. Actually that comment and I have made that comment and that is my point-of-view is a business cycle comment, nothing changes overnight. And what it has to do with is with the enhancement of tools, the improvement of our algorithms to prove an ROI on a specific dollar spent and then getting clients to be able to articulate measurable KPIs in terms of what they're hiring us to do, that's the journey that we're on. This journey isn't going to happen in 180 days or 360 days. This is a journey that I've tasked the organization to look at three years out and to start testing, discussing, improving our measurement tools hopefully and we haven't done this as fully as or as fast as I would want, developing products which clients will be attracted to, which will be based primarily on outcomes. So it's going to be a very long story. Your question is going to be an excellent question for the next 36 months at least and we're started on that.
David Karnovsky: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Berlin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Adam Berlin: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking a few questions if I can. And the first question is in Precision Marketing, you talked about some project work being delayed. Can you just talk a little bit about the environment for project-based work and how confident are you that those delays will result in work in the second-half of the year? Is that kind of confirmed by the clients that's going to happen later or is it more something you're hoping will happen?
John Wren: Sure. Look, I'll comment and then I'm going to ask Phil to fill in what I don't cover. I would characterize the headwind on several things. One is there was a client loss in the quarter, which we will have cycled through before we get to the end-of-the year. So that one impactful. In the U.K. where we have a consulting business, some of those projects were delayed because of the election that was called. And the good news is, even though it's not reflected in the quarter's numbers, we've gotten confidence that with the new labor government, those projects are back on-track and they're going to be executed. So it was a temporary delay called by -- caused by something we couldn't affect somebody calling in an election and everybody turning their attention to it. And the third thing is actually just projects from here to there. Since we reported the third-quarter -- second-quarter numbers, in Precision alone, when the election is done, that headwind diminishes. The headwind associated with the loss will only last for another four months. More importantly though, we won a significant piece of business from a U.S. order manufacturer in just these last two weeks. And typically, when you win an account like that, there is at least the six-month delay before you start to enjoy revenue. In this particular instance, we're starting to get paid in August and beyond because of the activity and the nature of the work. And that will only build as we go out throughout the balance of the year. So the -- what you've seen in Precision Marketing, we're hopeful and we have some confidence -- we have confidence given the factors of what impacted us up to now that you'll see a reversal of that, an improvement in organic growth in the third and the fourth-quarter and then as we get into next year. I'll defer to Phil for anything I left out.
Philip Angelastro: I think that was pretty comprehensive.
Adam Berlin: Yes, that was really helpful. Thank you. And my last question is just on cash. And the working capital outflow didn't improve in the first-half. Do you think it will in the second-half? And related to cash as well, the repositioning charge of the $58 million, is that cash that's going to impact H2 or is it non-cash?
Philip Angelastro: For most of the repositioning is going to be cash. The timing will vary, but most of it or I'd say certainly the majority of it is going to be in the second-half, yes. And we'll work through that as we normally do. Working capital performance actually improved in the quarter year-on-year. And as you remember, working capital year-on-year in the first-quarter was negative. The change in working capital was negative relative to last year. Through the six months, the change is now positive. So our working capital performance improved in the quarter. The net number is still negative, $400 million or so, which is about half -- sorry, that's the annual number. Last year's number improved by a little more than 50% versus 2022. And I think our expectation is we're going to continue to make progress as we go through the rest of this year, but it's going to take some time for us to get back to neutral given the rate environment and where it is. If and as that changes in the future, certainly we'd expect to improve and get closer to neutral as that environment improves. It hasn't yet. The expectation is that it will. But certainly with the cost of money in the last couple of years, frankly clients have held on to more cash for longer. We certainly held on to cash and paying our vendors, but we expect that environment to improve over time as we go to get back to neutral. But it isn't something that's going to happen overnight.
Adam Berlin: Okay. All right. Thank you very much for your answers. Appreciate it.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. I was wondering if you could expand a little bit on the media business. You won a lot of media business over the last 12 to 18 months. You've defended some business successfully. And then we've also seen some of your peers who struggled a little bit on the media side. So I think what we're trying to understand is what's structural in media buying that's benefiting your strategy or the way you're going to market. We sometimes see this where holding companies go through what seem like strings of wins and strings of losses, but they're often not always sustainable. So really trying to understand what's structural here? And if the habits or behaviors of the clients have changed in a way that's better for OMD or your platform? And then also on Omnicom productions, could you give us any more insight as to what kind of margin you think you can generate in a business like that? And as you grow this business, is this going to have a material impact on the difference maybe between gross revenue and net revenue or how much of that delta is in the production business currently that you can look to capture through this initiative? Thank you.
John Wren: Okay. The first question is a terribly important one because I think the behavior that you've seen over the last 18 to 24 months with who's been winning business and who has not is structural as well as other elements coming into play. In our particular case, I think the key differentiator, which in addition to having excellent people deployed, has been the decade long investment and the progress that we've made in Omni. And that was only -- it was doubled in terms of its capabilities and the information that we gather to provide insights with the acquisition of the transactional information that we got when we repurchased Flywheel's Commerce Cloud earlier this year. So that is a key differentiator when compared to what the competitor set was and how we did business three years ago and how all of us did business three years ago. Also now the improvement that we have in how we measure the effectiveness of media coupled with the content production tools that we've now automated and also then get included in some cases as modules that are compatible with the information that Omni generates is a key factor in why we have -- I think have been batting well above 600 and you'll see that reflected in the media wins and loss charts that seem to get published or updated daily, but if you go back and look at that information, you'll see that has been the consistent pattern. It's also that activity, even though I wouldn't attribute too much revenue yet to it also further enables us to get closer to that longer project I referred to where we're looking to outcomes and improving our client ROI, but that's more to come on that. But if you're looking for an immediate answer, that would probably be at the heart of it. I think even some of my competitors who are on the other side of this transaction truly understand the differentiation and the full capability that we have versus others. And it's gotten reflected in some technical reports when you look at what Forrester did in the second quarter and delve into some research that we haven't necessarily promoted, but it points out these differentiations. Having said that, I've now forgotten the second and third-part of your question. So could I ask you to just repeat…
Steven Cahall: Yes, that -- sure. Just about Omnicom productions, what kind of margins could that business generate? And maybe how big that could become from a revenue perspective? Or if you could help us size within some of the gross revenue, how much of that might be up for grabs for the production company?
John Wren: Sure. Well, I don't think gross revenue comes into play with respect to production in the way that you might think of it. It's an assignment and you're deploying assets or people against it. I said that we were -- some of my immediate competitors are as much as three times larger than we are and we are below $1 billion in what I'd call production revenue. I'm not being specific, so below can mean anywhere from $500 million to $1 billion. And my competitors are at least the two that have been successful at this on a legacy basis are at least two to three times larger than us. If you take -- if you go back and look at Investor Days from some of our competitors as to who their largest clients are and who our largest clients are, we've been with Apple since 1984. It's a very significant client of one of my other competitors. And I think they've listed in their top thought. That's -- and they're not the biggest in the area. Now I don't expect to take that business away overnight, but that's the level of revenue that's available out there. When you centralize these teams, when you make important focused investments in the types of tools and services that you're going to be providing to clients. And we had left it on a decentralized basis until this year. And since the beginning of the year, since our plans last year, we've had very detailed plans of bringing it all together except for we did not want to take that action until the leader, the person who was going to take us to that level was free and available to join us. And because of restrictions he had in his prior employment arrangements, he could not join us until June. And as soon as he got here, we've been moving relatively fast. And that pace will only accelerate as we go through the end of this year and then certainly into next year. In terms of margins, it will contribute to the overall healthy growth of the company. The one wonderful thing about Omnicom is no particular area that we focus on has a permanent impact on the health of Omnicom or the lack of health at Omnicom. So this we see as it can -- I guess, I'd probably characterize it as another leg under the table.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Hi, John. I have a question for you on ArtBotAI. One of the concerns on the Street is that generative AI is going to make creative content much more efficient. And the ArtBotAI that was sent around about AT&T's use of ArtBotAI, the client is saying, look, this is incredibly efficient from the time spent and people required standpoint. So I wondered what are you seeing in terms of it is efficient, but what's the net impact to creative agency from using these tools on a revenue basis? That's what we're all trying to figure out. And you have a pretty good example here with ArtBotAI and AT&T.
John Wren: Sure. I think the one thing maybe this is you have to take on faiths, but it's been true. And I've only been in the seat for close to 30 years and god knows how many quarterly calls like this. Wherever we've been able to make the client's dollar work more efficiently, I would say nothing is 100%, nothing. I would say a significant portion of that dollar saved or proven gets reinvested by that client because they understand the impact and they're not fearful of investing in things that they can measure because they have objectives and if they meet their KPIs, they invest it. So ArtBotAI is just an amazing tool and that the creative work that goes into concepts and the insights of developing a campaign, they still take those geniuses that little Rembrandts that we have, I think more than our fair share of within Omnicom. But historically and this is what you're afraid of, there were dollars involved in the trafficking of that information or the reconfiguring of that information for different types of media in the past. That now with ArtBot, if the campaign is properly tagged when created, is done instantaneously. So that one boring work that was kind of mundane for the people doing it, which did generate revenue, kind of blurred the lines of how much of this money we're spending, are we getting a return on it? Now with things like ArtBot, we can reduce the cost, we can do something better, cheaper and faster. And through Omni and the optimization tools that we have, we can measure the effectiveness of it. The point being a dollar save becomes 95% incremental dollars invested from the clients. So I think your fear is really not well-placed and I think we have enough history because this business has evolved quite a bit during my tenure to at least believe in the fact that if you can measure it and it's beneficial to your activities, you're going to spend more of it until it's no longer beneficial to your activities.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks, John. Can I ask you one more about your…
John Wren: …still answer your question in case nobody talks to this call. Go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, sorry. No, the question I had is, you talk about the goal to get more pay-for-performance, does it necessarily mean that you need both sides, the media side and the creative side? Because how do clients tease out the effectiveness of the creative versus the effectiveness of the media planning and buying, right? So how do you think about going to market to get paid for both sides of -- I guess, at least two sides of the transaction, the creativity and the optimization part?
John Wren: Well, yes and forgive me if I'm repeating myself a little bit. I think I might have mentioned earlier you could have the most sophisticated tools in the entire world and take two retailers in a geographic location trying to attract customers or two car companies. If the tools gave them the most optimal way of spending X number of dollars, there would be nothing -- unless there was creativity there would be nothing to distinguish one from the other. And from a competitive set, you'd kind of still be in the historical equivalent of hunters, you know did the buffalo pass by my village today. It's those creative people, it's the sophistication and the timeliness of the insights that our tech platforms like Omni and Flywheel Commerce Cloud create. They give us the information to act at speed to create relative at-scale to kind of create campaigns, which will attract customers and actually distinguish the differences between our products and why a client or a potential buyer should be attracted to that client. So what's happening is the historic lines which might have been clearer to delineate between where technology optimization information ends and where creativity begins, they've been blended more. And I think that's more the future rather than one side of the house versus another side of the house. And that's what we're driving in terms of the behavior and the culture within the company that knowledge that one is not more important than the other, both are equally important. And both when working in tandem with each other are really unsalable.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks John. Sorry, Phil.
Philip Angelastro: No worries.
John Wren: I'll throw him a question, please. I've been talking to him.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Maybe I'm wrong about this, but when I look at -- when I look at your firm, it feels like the magnitude of adjustments you've made over the last couple of years, whether it's Omni or centralizing production of the Flywheel acquisition, but the magnitude of changes or adjustments are more significant than they've been in the past. And I guess my first question is, do you agree with that statement? And then second, are there any capabilities or skills that you feel like you're lacking today that wouldn't allow you to go win in the marketplace vis-a-vis your competitors?
John Wren: Well, probably shouldn't do this on a conference call, but I claim the right having been the CEO for 30 years and having built what was there from a legacy point-of-view, I have the right to change it at will if that's what's most appropriate for us to be successful. So it's not just me, it's my entire team and the information we gather from what the consumer and the customer wants as well as whatever tech improvements are out there, which are far more rapid and changing. So you're correct in your conclusion that there's been a lot of change. Some probably precious little by comparison from acquisition and most to very long-haul committed spending of internal resources to build and develop the type of tools and information and hire the people that we need in order to execute against it. So having said that, my team would definitely agree with this. I'm never satisfied. And the team knows that we're never done because -- and one of the real benefits of having as many creative people we have and as many geographies as we have them with the appropriate access to all the new things that are getting developed is there are trials and programs that we're battering with clients, clients who have agreed to take the risk with us that things are going to break and then we'll put them back together and fix them. Then we turn them into products which are more easily deployed to a larger group of people. And then we have things that we learn about after the fact where our creative or our really smart strategist out there are playing with and toying with new tools and capabilities that they become aware of. And when they become significant, that information kind of bubbles to the top pretty quickly and I have a pretty astute group of folks that are always on the outlook for that as well as the formal things we do from Omnicom. When you see it and it's kind of buried in some of the announcements that we made. I talked about what TBWA has done. I've talked about what other parts of the company have done. They're all things that they've baited and tested and proven that, see this is a skill that or a product that we can white-label for the benefit of all of our clients. And that's the constant process that's going on. So are there more things that we could do? Yes. Are there more things we're going to do? Absolutely. Am I satisfied that I believe we're appropriately ready for today? Yes. And what the client requirements are today? Yes. But I don't think that is a stationary target. I don't think you can rest on those capabilities. They're in constant improved -- states of improvement.
Jason Bazinet: Perfect. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I would just kind of concur and add. Yes, the pace of change certainly has accelerated in the last few years in the marketplace, the media landscape has changed dramatically. The way consumers interact with brands and frankly buy stuff has changed pretty dramatically. And we continue to make the investments necessary so that we can stay ahead of that and provide our clients with the innovation that they need. Certainly, from our perspective, these things aren't necessarily choices of whether we want to do them or not. We make those investments so that we can keep pace and stay ahead. And that will continue certainly, so that we can service our client's needs and what we anticipate there needs to be in the future.
John Wren: One -- just one little final point on that. As much as we make those investments and we support them from a top-down point-of-view, that innovation is bubbling up from the entire -- all of our colleagues throughout the world. And we learn from our clients and we learn from the people who don't have the lofty management positions to sit on calls like this. And where it works we double down.
Jason Bazinet: Very helpful answer. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie Group. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Thanks. I just had one more question on the Omnicom production operation that you just laid out now. Just operationally, I'm just wondering, is this a kind of a consolidated skill center that the agencies will draw upon as in you're taking this -- you're taking activities out of agencies, creating a common sort of a service center? And if I'm understanding it right, is it a complex process to set this up? And then relatedly, will there be further repositioning costs in the coming quarters? Thanks.
John Wren: I'll answer the last part of your question first. At this moment, based upon having done a very significant plan and the information that we have, we think that any future adjustments to the architecture and the plan that we put in place will be self-liquidating in the quarter. So we don't think there's any bold action that you're going to see as based upon what we know right now, taking to -- bring this to the next level. It's a change certainly and that production is far more tech, far more -- there are improvements that are happening, which haven't even been rolled out yet in terms of production, how you do it, what makes it better, cheaper, faster. ArtBotAI is just one thing we introduced this quarter. So in the past, when these were simply departments of the agency or the company working on a very limited number of clients, they focused their attention and the tools that they needed to adjust what those client and agency requirements were. By centralizing it, we free that up to where we can continue to service those specific client requirements and then broaden our capabilities to offer to significant other clients. And there are benefits to scale because with scale you can make better investments, you have more assets to deploy against a particular assignment and you should be able and we will be able to do things better, cheaper and faster for our clients which again contribute to client savings, measurable ROIs, all the other things which touch the continuum of services that we are increasingly offering.
Tim Nollen: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Just a matter of time with one question, guys. Can you talk about your technology clients? I noticed 7% of your revenues here in the first quarter, first-half. Are you feeling like the worst is behind you there in terms of the growth rates year-over-year and it might start turning positive, I say the fourth-quarter going into next year? How you feel about the technology part of your clients? Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: I think just in terms of numbers first, yes, I think the numbers for us all throughout last year was about 8% of total revenue. The 7% in the quarter or in the first-half is not really much of a change driven by a reduction in spend. I think that's more of -- we're probably a little more heavily weighted because of Flywheel in 2024 to consumer products and some of their client base just adding a slightly different percentage of the total. So we haven't seen a significant drop-off that's really meaningful in the spend of our tech clients. There have been some pluses and minuses certainly, no question, last year in the first part of this year. But I don't think the numbers have really impacted us overall on a consolidated basis that significantly.
Craig Huber: Okay. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Adrien de Saint Hilaire with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Thank you. I'll just stick to one question, please. There's been a bit of a deterioration in some macro indicators of late in the U.S. And I know, John, you said you don't control macro, but I would still be curious if you've seen or you felt in your recent conversation with clients that there is perhaps a desire to pull-back maybe on that spending towards the second-half on the back of those weaker data points. Thank you.
John Wren: I would not go as far as to say pull-back. I think that -- the level of optimism that we kind of went into the year with expecting Fed cuts and other macro actions to have occurred, which all got delayed. Until the first one happens, people are electing to be, wouldn't say pessimistic, but conservative in forecasting what's going on. Because again we entered January, which wasn't that long ago, expecting four cuts. Here we are in almost August and we're hoping for one cut. And that irrespective of the political elections actually have more of a longer-term impact on the way CEOs or the ones I deal with think about investments that they're going to make in their business and what they're doing. There's also a question that gets risen or rises in terms of -- there's a pretty stark difference in this country between whether there's a Republican-controlled government or a Democratic-controlled government and there'll be implications, both positive and negative if you position yourself correctly for them in terms of where the dollars are going to flow. So all that leads to is no one's euphoric. People, I think are cautiously optimistic. And the ones who last December, January were bullish because they were expecting moves by the government, have moved from that to the cautiously optimistic part of the equation. So -- and that's simply the United States. You also have wars going on. You had the snap election and a complete change in direction in the U.K. You have a snap French election, which has led to parallelization. So, I mean, we're not sitting here. We are a global company. So all these things kind of go into the stew, if you would. But we think we've been able -- we think we're in close enough contact with our clients that we share what challenges they have and we adjust with them to those challenges. And we're still pretty -- we're still confident. I'm not pretty confident. I'm still confident that what we said we can do, we will in fact deliver.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Makes sense. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Thanks for joining us so late, Adrien.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Sure.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. This will conclude today's call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-16 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our first quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, you'll find a press release and a presentation covering the information we'll review today. An archived webcast will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we've included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2023 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. And after our prepared remarks, we will open up the line for your questions. And I'll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today on our first quarter 2024 results. I'm pleased to report that we're off to a solid start to the year. Organic growth in the first quarter was 4% with strong growth in our advertising and media, and precision marketing disciplines. EBITA margin, which excludes amortization of acquired and strategic platform intangibles, was 13.8% for the quarter, and operating margin was 13.2%. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share, which excludes after-tax amortization of acquired and strategic platform intangibles was a $1.67, up 3.7% versus the comparable number in Q1 2023. As a result of our strong performance in the first quarter, we are increasing our full year organic growth range to between 4% and 5%. As discussed, during the quarter, we raised EUR600 million through a senior note offering to partially finance the acquisition of Flywheel. Our cash flow and balance sheet remained very strong and support our primary uses of cash flow, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. The Flywheel acquisition is off to a great start. Flywheel's Commerce Cloud is fully integrated into Omni. Omni audience and behavioral data combined with Flywheel's digital marketplace point of purchase transaction data provide us with the most comprehensive data set in the industry. Across several significant Omnicom clients, Flywheel teams are now fully engaged to deliver the enhanced value of our combined capabilities and insights to them, including new ways to plan and build audiences using Omni audience data and Flywheel's performance benchmarks, full funnel investment management built on Omni and enhanced with Flywheel's data specific to performance across commerce platforms. Using Omni influencer capabilities and connecting them to commerce and retail outcomes from Flywheel and holistic video measurement and optimization based upon integrating Omni's video viewership data with Flywheel's Commerce outcomes. These products and services are helping our clients sell more goods more efficiently across hundreds of digital marketplaces and optimizing their investment across media platforms. In addition to integrating Flywheel Commerce Cloud, we made important updates to Omni's generative AI functionality during the quarter. This includes completing a first mover partnership with Shutterstock that allows us to integrate its text to image model into Omni. As part of our first mover partnership established with Google and their Vertex AI platform last year, we became the first holding company to receive access to the Gemini 1.5 next-generation model. We remain committed to Omni's open architecture and flexibility, leveraging these valuable partnerships. We've seen notable traction with Omni Assist, the generative AI tool we launched in 2023. Employees for more than 40 markets globally have access to Omni Assist and using it to produce audience intelligence, summarize cultural trends, recommend influences and much more. Some of our agency teams are also creating client-specific Omni Assist agents. For example, a client dedicated marketing consultant, media consultant and briefing agent to streamline global, multi-brand client agency planning. As we work alongside our clients to explore how these new technologies can transform their businesses, two areas are critical to how we can drive transformation and growth. Our digital transformation consulting business and our content production capabilities. This past month, our highly successful consulting firm, Credera, announced the simplification of its organization to offer clients a more streamlined experience. Its services will now be delivered under a single global brand through two primary business units. Digital with capabilities in MarTech, e-commerce and digital platforms and consulting with capabilities in management and technology consulting, data, AI and business transformation. Since joining Omnicom in 2018, Credera has grown from 300 employees in three U.S. offices to over 4,000 people across 17 locations worldwide. This growth is a testament to our track record and success in acquiring and integrating businesses in new high growth market segments. Today, our clients demand more high quality, personalized creative content delivered across more media channels and at faster speeds. We have developed standardized platforms and processes to automate the development of content and deliver it at the right time and place to consumers by combining Credera's expertise in designing and implementing intelligent content platforms, leveraging our Adobe partnership, our product, our content orchestration engine, and Omni's Audience and Data insights. Our solution provides unmatched outcomes through an open operating system, fueled by customer centricity to some of our most important brands, such as AT&T and Nike. I'm pleased that our strategy resulted in industry recognition in the first quarter, including Omnicom being named WARC's number one holding company for effectiveness, PHD being recognized as Adweek's Global Media Agency of the Year. Omnicom Media Group being recognized Leading Global Media Agency for 2023 with nearly $3 billion in net new business. Although, risks and uncertainty continue to exist in the global economic and geopolitical environment, we remain optimistic about our position in the industry, our strategies and our financial performance. I remain confident that our management teams are well prepared to drive operational excellence even as they monitor and adapt to the changes in the macro environment. I'll now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thanks, John. We began the year with solid results, and we're optimistic about the year ahead. Let's review the first quarter performance in detail, beginning with revenue on Slide 4. Organic growth in the quarter was 4%. The impact from foreign currency was relatively flat, decreasing reported revenue by 0.1%. If rates stay where they are currently, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation will be negative 1% for Q2 '24 and flat for the full year 2024. The net impact of acquisition and disposition revenue on reported revenue was positive 1.5% due primarily to the acquisition of Flywheel this January. Based on transactions completed to date, we expect a positive contribution of approximately 2.5% for Q2 and 2% for the year. Now let's turn to Slide 5 to review our organic revenue growth by discipline. During the quarter, advertising and media growth was very strong at 7%, driven by excellent performance at our Global Media businesses. Precision Marketing, which now includes Flywheel grew 4.3%. We expect this to continue to be one of our fastest growing disciplines in the future. Public Relations declined by 1.1% in the quarter. We expect this discipline will improve the rest of the year and benefit from the 2024 U.S. elections. Healthcare grew 2.1% during the quarter, as we continue to cycle through some client losses from 2023, which we expect to lap after Q2. Branding and retail commerce declined by 3.8%, driven by a challenging environment for our branding agencies that are more aligned on project based engagements and faced a difficult comparison to Q1 of 2023 when they grew by 9%. You'll note that we've updated the name for this discipline, which was formerly called Commerce and Branding. Experiential grew a strong 9.5% led by the U.S. which offset a small reduction in revenue internationally. We expect this discipline to benefit later in the year from the Summer Olympic Games in Paris. And Execution and Support declined by 4.3% with mixed results that overshadowed continued strength in field marketing. Turning to geographic growth on Slide 6. We saw growth in six of our seven regions, led by the U.S. and Europe and a strong growth in Latin America, driven by advertising and media. Slide 7 shows our revenue by industry sector. First quarter results were very similar to last year. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for a look at our expenses. In the first quarter, salary related service costs grew as a result of increased staffing levels, primarily as a result of our acquisition of Flywheel Digital, but they were down as a percentage of revenue year-over-year, driven by our repositioning actions last year and through ongoing changes in our global employee mix. Third-party service costs increased in connection with the growth in our revenue. The third-party incidental costs increased somewhat, primarily as a result of increases in reimbursed travel and incidental out-of-pocket costs. Occupancy and other costs increased primarily due to our acquisition activity during the period, but were essentially flat as a percentage of revenue due to lower rents as a result of our prior year real estate rationalization. And SG&A expense was down both in dollar amount and as a percentage of revenue. Now let's turn to Slide 9 and look at our income statement in more detail. Our operating income increased 2.8% and the related margin was 13.2%, down slightly from the prior year adjusted margin of 13.5% arising primarily from our acquisition activity, including Flywheel. As you may recall, our margin estimate this year is based on EBITDA, which we have and continue to use as a measure of operating performance. Similar to our peers and in response to requests from investors, this reflects an adjustment for the amortization of intangible assets. The adjustment now reflects amortization expense related to both acquired intangible assets and internally developed strategic platform intangible assets. Strategic platform intangible assets relate to the costs we are required to capitalize and amortize over future periods in connection with the ongoing development of the Omni platform and the future ongoing development of the Flywheel Commerce Cloud platform. The amortization expense added back to calculate EBITDA does not include amortization expense for internally developed software related to administrative and back office operations tools, such as ERP or workflow platforms. For the first quarter of 2024, this amortization was $21.5 million, and we expect the remaining quarters of 2024 to approximate this amount. For comparability purposes, we've included a slide in the appendix of this presentation, and it reflects the prior year amortization related to acquired intangible assets and internally developed strategic platform intangible assets for the four prior year calendar quarters of 2023 and the full year for 2023 and 2022. The EBITDA in Q1 2024 were $500.4 million, increased 4.1% year-over-year and the related margin was 13.8%. We continue to expect our fiscal year 2024 EBITDA margin to be close to flat with our 2023 adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.6% for the full year. Moving down the income statement. Our income tax rate of 26% was similar to the rate for the first quarter of 2023. For full year 2024, we continue to expect our income tax rate to approximate 27%. Changes in income from equity investments and income attributed to minority interest investments were not significant. As you can see at the bottom of this slide, we have also provided a new line item, non-GAAP adjusted net income per diluted share. Similar to EBITDA, this also excludes the amortization on an after-tax basis that I just discussed related to acquired intangibles and internally developed strategic platform intangibles. This new reporting more closely measures the performance of our operating businesses year-on-year and is similar to our peer group's approach of adding back after-tax amortization expense when calculating non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. For the first quarter of 2024, this metric increased to $1.67 or 3.7% compared to the non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.61 to Q1 2023. Now let's turn to cash flow on Slide 10. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in operating capital. Free cash flow for 2024 was $415.1 million, a slight decrease of 3.2%. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $139 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $13 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures were $23 million, similar to last year, although, we still expect fiscal year 2024 levels to be higher due to growth in capital investment at the newly acquired Flywheel. Total acquisition payments were $812 million, which reflects the $845 million acquisition of Flywheel net of cash required. Finally, our stock repurchase activity, net of proceeds from stock plans was $178 million in the quarter, which is in line with our estimate of total repurchases for the year of approximately half of our historical average given our Flywheel acquisition. Slide 11 is a summary of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. At the end of the first quarter of 2024, the book value of our outstanding debt was $6.3 billion, up over $600 million from funding a portion of the Flywheel purchase price. As previously disclosed, we issued EUR600 million senior notes due March 2032 with a coupon of 3.7%. Net proceeds in U.S. dollars were approximately $643 million. Our cash equivalents and short-term investments were roughly flat at $3.2 billion. We also have an undrawn $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program. We continue to monitor the credit markets with regard to our $750 million of 3.65% senior notes due November 1, 2024. At this point, given where interest rates are and our financing activity early in 2024, we expect that net interest expense for the full year 2024 could increase by approximately $45 million relative to full year 2023. Slide 12 presents our historical returns on two important performance metrics for the 12 months ended March 31, 2024. Omnicom's return on invested capital was 22%, and our return on equity was 44%, both reflecting very strong performance. I will now ask the operator to please open up the lines for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Cameron McVeigh with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Cameron McVeigh: Thank you and congrats on the numbers and closing Flywheel. Maybe if you could talk more to the Flywheel acquisition, potential value that unlocks both from a short-term and a long-term perspective, and then the expected margin impact this year over the long term? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. I'll cover part of it and Phil can chime in.
Philip Angelastro: Sure
John Wren: Flywheel is important in a number of areas. First and foremost, they're the only fully integrated retail commerce cloud platform that's out there. Everybody else can do a piece or two, but the company we acquired that Duncan put together, we did it over a six year period and integrated quite a number of component companies, and it came together shortly around the time that we announced it. What they have is an incredible amount of knowledge and information about how people transact and do business on online e-commerce basis. And not only here domestically in the United States with things you're probably familiar with like Amazon, Walmart, Target, but also in China, in Alibaba and I forgot the other one, but -- and they -- so they have a global presence. They're right at the cutting edge of people buying online and using e-commerce. And that area is according to forecast scheduled to just grow exponentially over the next several years. What it allowed us to do as well is to combine the Commerce Cloud, which looked at the retail sales aspect of what happens when you're are trying to market something to someone, it enables us to connect to Omni Assist. So we can go all the way from identification, brand building, audience building, all the way through to the actual sale that occurs in a local e-commerce environment and there's no one else can do that. And I think based upon our study and our due diligence prior to the deal, we don't think there is anyone out there who even competes with the information that Flywheel has and the platform that they're operating in, that gives us tremendous opportunities to grow with the market as it grows. It also has turned our attention to how do we optimize this information for the benefit of our clients and you'll see occasionally, we now refer to ourselves as a marketing and sales company rather than simply an advertising and marketing company. And that's because we can go end-to-end legitimately for the very first time. In terms of its growth, because e-commerce, we're focused primarily here in North America tends to be a fourth quarter -- third quarter, fourth quarter company. The fourth quarter is classically the weakest quarter for them, and it accelerates as we go through the balance of the year.
Philip Angelastro: First quarter is the weakest.
John Wren: I'm sorry, I said fourth, I'm sorry. Yeah.
Philip Angelastro: So just on, Cameron, on margins short-term and long-term, the integration process continues. It's going very well, integrating Flywheel into all of Omnicom's operations. And as we've said back in the call in February, we expect Flywheel's margins will be approximate Omnicom's average margins by Q4 of this year, and we expect overall results to be accretive, excluding the amortization that was added as part of the deal, also by Q4. Longer term, we expect the deal or the business to be accretive to Omnicom's overall average margins over the long run, for sure.
Cameron McVeigh: Got it. Thanks, John, and Phil. And if I could ask one other. Curious, if there are any other specific types of strategic acquisitions you're focused on in the near term? Thanks.
John Wren: There's areas we're focused on, I don't think I'll discuss Targets. So I'm done negotiating for them. But, yeah, as I said in the call, there are a few areas that are showing exceptional growth. It's in MarTech and transformation and also in content production, automation of content production and opportunities which geographically fill out our services in that area and also from point of view. In terms of specific big Flywheel type of acquisitions, we’re not looking at anything of that magnitude at this moment. So we’re focusing in on growing and also transforming much of our own business for the opportunities that we see the new technology and the marketplace offers
Cameron McVeigh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Berlin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Adam Berlin: Hi. Good evening, everyone. It's Adam Berlin from UBS. I've got three questions, if I can. The first question is on Precision Marketing. Now that Flywheel has been integrated into that segment, can you give us any guidance on what you think the medium-term growth potential of that? Do you see that as a mid-single digit, high-single digit, double-digit business? And obviously, it might take a few quarters to get that, but just what do you think is possible for that business segment once that the integration is fully done? So that's the first question. And maybe you can tell us just kind of part B, what the organic growth of Flywheel was in Q1? Just to help us figure out what's the original business did in Q1? Second question is, would the group adjusted EBITA margin has been up without Flywheel? And my third question is on Advertising and Media. Advertising and Media delivered good growth in Q1 of 7%, but it was a little bit slower than in Q4. Can you just tell a little bit about the moving parts there? What moved faster or slower and then what happened in Q4? Thank you.
John Wren: There's a lot to unpack, so I'm going to ask – re-ask some of you – to find some of your questions. In terms of Precision Marketing, at this moment, included in our forecast is probably low double-digit growth for that area, but that's subject to opportunities. Specifically with Flywheel, it's, as I said, stands alone. It's a component part of that and the marketplace itself, clients online activity, e-commerce is all growing. So we look further than this quarter, next quarter this year into the future and what it can do for us, and we're very bullish about its contribution to the whole process. That was, I guess, the first question. The second one?
Philip Angelastro: The flywheel growth number, Adam, we're not breaking it out. Yeah, we don’t individually. I think the underlying Precision Marketing discipline prior to Flywheel being added to it certainly grew this quarter. Flywheel also had very good growth this quarter. But in terms of breaking out the business itself, where we haven't and aren't going to break out individual businesses going forward either.
Adam Berlin: No. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. And then margin -- you had a margin question without Flywheel, what would the first quarter margin have been or would it have been flat? I think, there's a lot of moving parts to operating profit and operating margin and EBITDA margin, etc. Certainly, Flywheels margins are lower than the Omnicom average margin, and there's certainly some integration costs in the first quarter. We didn't go back and do the actual calculation, so of how much was the impact of Flywheel as a negative to Flywheel on our EBITDA margins. But I think it's hard to say, would they have been flat, I think they're down about 30 basis points. It's not that big of a number. So the answer is probably, yes. Certainly, there are a bunch of costs associated with the integration. And I think the last....
John Wren: Hold on. And on that, Adam, we're not focused at all on what the margin impact is in the first quarter that they joined our company. We're incredibly pleased at speed in which and the progress we've made in integrating because we're looking at the benefit that it is going to bring to the Omnicom moving forward. So we don't do that kind of waste time really on that type of activity. And the third question, if you could repeat it for me. I think, I know what it is, but...
Adam Berlin: Yeah. Just what was the difference between the 9% growth in Q4 and the 7% in Q1 for Advertising and Media?
John Wren: I'm just going to make a general statement and Phil can fill it in. We're very happy with the growth that we've seen for sure. And that group has been growing very strongly for the last two years every quarter. So in any particular quarter, it's up against very difficult comps and we expect it to be -- continue to grow throughout the balance of this year, so.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. We tend -- when one of the disciplines goes from 9% growth to 7% growth, it doesn't bother us all that much, certainly because the 9% was quite a performance, excuse me, 7% is also very strong performance. We're happy with that as well. So we haven't spent a lot of time trying to pick out the differences between that 2 percentage point swing between Q4 and Q1. But a lot of times, Q4 is unpredictable. There's lot of project spend in Q4 for the media business as well as all the disciplines. So it isn't that surprising for Q1 to take a little bit of a step down from Q4 in our history.
Adam Berlin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. John, just on the decision to raise guidance, your result in the quarter was near the midpoint of the prior outlook. So I just wanted to understand better the increase. Have you assumed a more cautious view for Q1 or are you just seeing better indicators for the rest of the year? And then on Precision Marketing, I know you stated previously, you may be expected an improvement in 2024. We had heard some cautious commentary recently from some of your peers or IT services firms. Just wanted to see if you could update a bit on what you're seeing here in terms of moving projects forward? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. In terms of the forecast, I think what we said in the fourth quarter was that we're giving you the range of 3.5% to 5%, saying that we're -- in the first quarter, we were still cycling through some client changes from the prior year. And that once we get into the second quarter and beyond, we were far more confident that we weren't facing any significant headwinds as we continue to grow the business. And as it turned out, the fourth quarter came in at 4%. So it seems very logical for us to remove that bottom end caution, I guess, at this point, and still feel that subject to macroeconomic changes in the world, I've seen a lot of them in the last couple of weeks, we're confident that we have the right product, right approach towards clients and our management teams are very strong and focused. So we have more confidence, and that's why we lifted the bottom end of the guidance up at this point.
Philip Angelastro: The other question was the range -- the outlook for Precision in 2024 as you go from quarter-to-quarter.
John Wren: Well, I wouldn't forecast it quarter-to-quarter. And I think I said in the previous answer that we expect it to be low double-digits at this point, and that was included in coming up to our overall guidance of 4% to 5%.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. We certainly see – especially, as John had referenced earlier in the call, Flywheel is kind of weighted towards the end of the year in terms of its performance relative to the retail cycle. Certainly, we see it improving as the year goes on in terms of the growth rate.
David Karnovsky: Got it. Yeah. I was really asking about sort of the non-Flywheel part of the business, right digital business transformation and whether you had started to see more movement on some of the projects there?
John Wren: That business is healthy at this point. I think we haven't seen any headwinds at all. If [indiscernible] others are referencing to, it probably has more to do with their specific clients' plans and impact economies having on those clients than an industry or a segment type of answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi. Great. Thanks very much. I feel like I'm going back many, many years with this. But could you please remind us what your organic growth calculation is, i.e., your organic growth in the quarter, obviously, your organic growth, does that include Flywheel's organic growth as well? And then when does it become part of your reported growth? Is it 12 months after? I think that's right or do you actually go a full year after it has been already integrated? Hope you understand that question. Secondly, also, I'd like to just to ask another Flywheel-related question. Your branding and retail commerce number was down, I think, 3.8% organic in the quarter. I think you pointed to particular items on the branding side. I'm just wondering, if there is any Flywheel business in that retail commerce portion? And then tying back to the first question, if there was organic growth there. Thanks.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I'll start with the organic growth, Tim. So we've always done the calculation consistently. So when we do an acquisition and in this case, Flywheel, we spent over $800 million of capital to acquire the company. We're responsible for the results, and we're measured on the results post-acquisition. So included in the results is Flywheel's organic growth. The acquisition revenue number reflects their prior or in the calculation, the acquisition revenue from the prior year is used as a measure to determine what the growth is based on the current year's revenue. So you take the current year revenue and compare it to the prior year revenue, if it grew, it's part of the organic growth. If it's negative, it's part of the organic growth. We've never excluded acquisitions from that calculation. And we don't see why you would exclude them for the first year in any way. I think we're responsible for the growth as part of the calculation. So we haven't changed the calculation and how we go about doing it.
John Wren: So Tim, so explain it – just another way to look at it is that Flywheel did hypothetically 102 this first quarter and last year before we owned it, it did 100, the 2 would be an organic calculation not the 2, just the 2.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. It was 104, they'd be negative 2 of organic growth
John Wren: Correct.
Tim Nollen: All right. It's been a long time since you've done an acquisition of this size, so I'm forgetting how you do the accounting for it. So thanks for the explanation.
John Wren: Yeah. I know. The one thing you count on, Tim is, I've been here longer than you, and we've always done it the same way.
Tim Nollen: Consistency. Thanks. And then remind us again relatedly then, when does Flywheel become part of reported growth, not acquisition growth as an organic reported growth, not acquired growth?
Philip Angelastro: So it's in the reported growth and the incremental growth over the prior year, the 2 in John's example, that's what's on the organic growth line.
Tim Nollen: Right. And then…
Philip Angelastro: The balance is on the acquisition line. So on the acquisition -- if you're looking at the chart in the presentation, the acquisition revenue is the 100 and the organic growth number is the 2.
Tim Nollen: All right. And then is it 12 months after acquisition that there's no more acquired revenue from the company. It's just all organic?
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. That's correct. Yeah.
Tim Nollen: 12 months after acquisition close, okay.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. It’s one year. Yes.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Great. And then lastly, on the retail commerce proportion of the branding number, is there a Flywheel in that or is that all in Precision Marketing.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. All the Flywheels and Precision Marketing. We are trying to split up an operating company between disciplines is certainly very challenging and especially Flywheel's business.
Tim Nollen: Got it. Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. So John, with the removal of the lower end of the guide, the way you talked about it, moving to the 4% to 5%, is it fair to say that the year is off to a stronger start in terms of what you're seeing in client activity or is it just that it's off to the start you kind of expected and that has removed some risk and so that gives you that confidence to move up the range a little bit. And maybe within that question, I think in the prepared remarks, Phil, you mentioned that Advertising and Media was solid and media buying was called out as the piece of that. Creative is obviously still a big business, and I think it was a little choppy across the industry in 2023. So it also just look to understand if there's any inflection points or trends in the creative part of that business? Thank you.
John Wren: I'm I didn't write your first question down, sorry. Repeat the first one, I'm sorry.
Steven Cahall: Yeah. I'll break it into two, it will be easier. So the first one is, just with the change to guidance. Is it just that things are kind of performing in line or are you actually seeing better client activity than you expected early on?
John Wren: Well, things are in line for certain. And things are -- certainly things that we expected to grow are growing. And so the confidence is every week passes just gets more reassured as we go through the year. And at this point, looking at the new business activity that's in front of us for the next several months, we're defending very little at this point, and we have opportunities on quite a number of big brand names. And if our batting average holds up, as we go into the future, we'll take our fair share of that, which won't have too much of an impact as we get later in the year in terms of '24 numbers. But overall, it helps the health of the business, our confidence. And it will certainly give us a wind at our backs for next year as we move into the end of the year and into next. So all the signs at the moment are very constructive, and we're making a lot of progress on a lot of different fronts.
Philip Angelastro: So your question on creative versus media creative this quarter was roughly flat. We expect the rest of the year to improve in the advertising -- creative advertising agencies. It's still core to what we do, and it's really Omnicom's DNA. It does go beyond -- creative does go beyond advertising though. And there are certainly very different agencies than they were just a few years back as they continue to adopt new ways of working using current technology and some of the things we talked about, and John talked about on his prepared remarks, in terms of the content supply chain, etc., they're a big part of that. So we're optimistic that they'll be in a growth mode as we go through the rest of the year.
Steven Cahall: And Phil, could you put that roughly flat just in the context of whether you think that's an industry trend related to macro or -- and/or technology or is any of that related to account wins or losses?
Philip Angelastro: I think it's probably a combination of each of those just even though it's a lot of different things, but there's certainly been a lot of change in those businesses recently. And I think we're probably not that much different than anyone else.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you. Following up on Steve's question about creative. Can you talk a bit about Gen AI and what you're doing on the creative side? What have you learned? And is there a risk that as these tools get more sophisticated, it could be cannibalistic to your creative service businesses. And maybe it becomes more efficient for other people to do it or new entrants form? That's one. And then two, Phil, can you talk a bit about the capital intensity of Flywheel, you mentioned a little bit of higher CapEx down the road. How much more capital intensive is that business than the rest of Omnicom? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. I'll start your answer. Now with respect to technology and the advertising sector, and then, I might ask Paulo is working most closely on AI has joined with us today, if he wants to add anything before Phil gets to answer. The single largest benefit of generative AI as we're using it is it makes it simpler for highly creative people to come up with different executions, different applications of their ideas across many different mediums and using the specific Omni data that we have and Flywheel commerce data to help understand where the consumer is and the messaging that we have to create in order to reach that consumer. So as this goes forward, automation affects every single part of the business, AI will affect every single part of the business and the programs and the things that we're doing are to take that on board to evaluate and shift up as a market leader and even in advance of testing things that are available or hopefully will become commercially available at some point in the future. I guess if there's a downside to it, it's a lot of the things that in the past might have been done manually and somebody got paid to do that execution work, which was typically pretty boring and repetitive, that gets eliminated. So you're not seeking to hire those level people to do that level of job and therefore get reimbursed at a profit for them. But what you are doing is, you're able to come up with better, cleaner, sharper ideas, which can either succeed fast or fail fast. And all that at the end of the day, benefits the client and makes the ROI on a marketing dollar spent greater. And that's where I think the contribution of generative AI is going to come in. And it's been my experience over my career, the more clarity I can bring to a client and explaining what the ROI is on the next dollar of marketing he's going to spend or she's going to spend means that we probably are going to benefit from that in servicing in some fashion. So philosophically, and there's a lot of moving pieces that are going on all the time and have been for quite a while now. But pretty intensely, adjusting to and exploiting where we can, those the things that generative AI does. But Paolo, who we've met before in previous calls, I think is really the guy that I depend upon, among others on this, and he works very closely with all of our suppliers and vendors. Paolo?
Paolo Yuvienco: Yeah. Sure. Hi, Michael. So look, I think you've heard us talk about this in the past that we really believe that generative AI strictly is going to empower our people and really give them super powers for the skills that they already have. I think we look at it through the lens of a maturity model with respect to how they are executing their tasks. In the recent past, generative AI has really just been a tool. Today, it's more of an assistant or co-pilot, if you will. And really, tomorrow, it becomes a true partner, whether it be a creative partner, a strategic partner, planning partner for every one of our employees. So that is effectively how we're approaching it and how we're building it into Omni to provide that partner for everyone.
John Wren: And it's a much longer conversation. But if you think through the technology, if you're in a competitive industry and the tech is way further than it is today, the competitors simply ask the same questions to reach the same consumers. They're all going to get the same answers. So it's not going to differentiate anybody. What brings the difference to this is the creative minds that we're able to attract in Omnicom and apply to those client challenges and objectives.
Philip Angelastro: And your second question, Michael, similar -- how intense is the CapEx commitment similar to the Omni platform, we need to continue to develop the Flywheel Commerce Cloud platform, and we intend to do that certainly with Flywheel and lead. But in terms of scale, while similar to Omni, we expect an increase in CapEx spend. But we wouldn't say it, we expect it to be dramatic. It's going to be an increase, but a very manageable increase because as we said before, Flywheel went through a significant period of time, probably 12 months to 18 months to integrate its back end platform or platforms, some of which are part of prior acquisitions into one integrated Flywheel Commerce, call it, platform. The vast majority of that work was done prior to when we announced the deal in October of '23. So most of the work at this point going forward, similar to Omni is on building enhancements, incorporating new technology and keeping the platform at the leading edge. So we don't expect it to be dramatic, but certainly, it's an investment that's well worth making for us.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Phil, can I ask a quick one on the add back of amortization, I understand the intangible amortization. But what was the thinking on the internally developed strategic platform asset amortization. So that's -- so how is that -- why did you guys include that in the EBITA definition versus pure amortization from goodwill.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. So as we've done for well over 10 years, we built out the Omni platform, we built it out through internal investments. And some of our competitors actually went out and did acquisitions, bought somewhat similar assets in terms of data analytics and other technologies similar to the omni platform. And in terms of comparing what amortization gets added back or not, we think the reality is whether we acquire it or we build it ourselves, you'd want to look at that amortization of the investments that you've made, and that would be the appropriate amount to add back. In terms of rough order of magnitude, if you look at the total, if you look at the total of the add back related to acquired intangibles and internally developed strategic platform amortization, that's about 75% of the total. And the non-acquisition amortization is about 10% or 15% of that. So it's not a large proportion of the number. But about 25% of the total relates to administrative amortization expense related to administrative intangibles things like ERP systems and workflow systems, etc. So we think that's an appropriate and probably most comparable way to look at the numbers compared to some others in the marketplace.
Michael Nathanson: [indiscernible] Thank you, Phil.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes. Thank you. John, if you could just go back to Flywheel for a little bit here. You guys have obviously cleaned up your portfolio of your performing assets at least there's quite a bit to your credit (ph), obviously to this Flywheel acquisition here. I’m just curious, does that change your outlook long term, the potential for organic revenue growth here to maybe accelerate off this roughly 4% to 5%, you're talking about [indiscernible] 4.1% last year. Do you feel increasingly optimistic longer term about accelerate growth rate, I realize is law of larger numbers here, you're a much bigger company now than you were 10, 15 years ago. Your thoughts, please.
John Wren: Sure. Yes. It's more -- I'd answer it a little bit differently. Because we've cleaned up the portfolio, and there's always work to do, but not nearly as much work as we've done in the past, because we've cleaned up the portfolio, I think the products and the offerings that we have today are really market leading. And as we expose them to the marketplace and our clients and probably do a better job, actually, of marketing Omnicom and its products to the world, I do think that it will sustain our organic growth going forward. I have enough difficulty giving you guidance for the balance of this year. So I don't want to get too far ahead of my shoes, but I'm very confident that that we're going to be the most appropriate supplier in the marketplace with the type of activities that clients are looking to buy from a group like ours. And so with that confidence, that's just not me and what we buy or what we integrate, that is really reflective of the management teams that work on the various aspects of Omnicom and are executing and delivering our products worldwide. But at the end of the day, it comes down to those people, the products that we make available to them. But the creative genius and innovation that they bring to improving that product on a constant basis. So yes, I'm bullish, I guess.
Craig Huber: Thank you for that John. And Phil, if I could just ask you real quick. In terms of the margins for this year, I think you're talking about roughly flat margins for the year. Just walk us through a little bit about the costs in your mind that are holding that back from actually going up something you talked about the integration costs of a Flywheel, Flywheel being dilutive. I think you said the margins the first three quarters, but what else should we think about, please? What are the internal investment spending you're doing, etc.?
Philip Angelastro: Sure. So the approach to margins hasn't changed much over the years. We're always trying to find the right balance between growing the business in a sustainable way, making the appropriate investments in the business for the future. So Omni and Omni platform is a great example of that and balancing that with an appropriate margin and return to shareholders. So as it relates to 2024, certainly, we've got some -- an integration process to go through with Flywheel, as we said, going really well, but more to be done. We do expect to continue to make the investments we've been talking about with respect to the Omni platform and ongoing investments in Flywheel and Flywheel Commerce Cloud and ultimately, we see some opportunities with our cost structure being flexible to be part of the equation and how to maximize margins overall. We're looking at the long-term health of the business continuing to make those investments, that's part of what goes into the ultimate end result when it comes to margins because really, we're trying to grow operating profit dollars, not just hit a percentage. So I think the Flywheel transition and integration certainly a big part of it, along with continued investments in Omni and the Flywheel Commerce Cloud platform and AI balanced with some benefits coming from other initiatives we continue to pursue, whether it's the real estate portfolio, offshoring, near-shoring, etc., all of that is factored into the equation. And that's how we reach the expectations we have as we look out at all of 2024.
Craig Huber: Great. Thanks, guys.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. This will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-06 17:26:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining for the question-and-answer session will be Duncan Painter, CEO of Flywheel Digital; and Paulo Yuvienco, Omnicom Chief Technology Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com is a press release and the presentation covering the information we'll review today as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today's call concludes. Before I start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements. And these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our '22 Form 10-K and our '23 10-K, which we expect to file shortly. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We'll begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. And after our prepared remarks, we'll open up the line for your questions.  I'll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. I'm pleased to report our fourth quarter performance was very strong. For the fourth quarter, organic growth of 4.4% exceeded our expectations and full year organic growth was 4.1%.  Excluding acquisition transaction fees related primarily to Flywheel, operating profit margin for the quarter was 16.3%. For the full year, operating profit margin adjusted for certain non-GAAP items was 15.2%. Earnings per share for the quarter adjusted for acquisition transaction fees was $2.20, up 5.3% versus the fourth quarter of 2022. For the full year, EPS adjusted for certain non-GAAP items was $7.41, an increase of 6.9% compared to the full year 2022. In 2023, we generated approximately $1.9 billion in free cash flow and returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong and continue to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. On January 2, we closed the acquisition of Flywheel Digital. It is the biggest acquisition in Omnicom's history and brings scaled capabilities in the fastest-growing segments of the industry, retail, media and digital commerce. Flywheel enables brands to sell goods across digital marketplaces such as Amazon, Walmart, Alibaba and more than 100 other marketplaces around the world.  Flywheel opens up an entirely new market opportunity for Omnicom, transforming us from an advertising and marketing focused company to a marketing and sales-focused company. We can now seamlessly integrate end-to-end services from brand media to precision marketing to e-commerce and in-store comers, ultimately delivering superior results for our clients. In January, we began combining Omni's audience and behavioral data with marketplace point of purchase sales data in Flywheel's Commerce Cloud, giving us an unmatched set of data not only to more effectively drive sales for clients, but to be fully able to measure return on advertising spend. It's a unique offering that no one has been able to achieve, and our competitors can't match. I'm also proud to inform you that last week, Flywheel captured its first significant win as part of Omnicom, winning the highly owned e-commerce business in Europe from one of our competitors. This is a unique partnership and opportunity. In January, we welcomed CEO, Duncan Painter and more than 2,000 Flywheelers around the world to Omnicom, and we are excited about what we can achieve for our clients together. In the fourth quarter, we acquired Coffee & TV, a UK-based creative studio that specializes in CGI and visual effects. The acquisition is part of our strategy to leverage the scale of our production operations and launch a holistic suite of global content and production services under a single unit, Omnicom Content Studios. Omnicom Content Studios creates content for brands across all consumer experiences and touch points from long and short-form videos to social, experiential, digital and everything in between. In addition to these acquisitions, we continue to invest in high-growth areas through internal investments and partnerships. Last month at CES, we introduced several new ways to offer planning and measurement in the booming area of influencers. We announced several first-of-the-kind partnerships with TikTok, Google, Amazon and Meta to optimize the use of influences, seamlessly integrate creator assets in campaigns and measure influencer-driven commerce. In November, we announced the first-mover collaboration with Getty Images that provides us early access to this new generative AI tool. It pairs Getty's library of creative content with Omni's data and AI technology. So our agencies can produce commercially safe and legally indemnified customized images for our clients. In 2023, we launched Omni Assist, a virtual assistant our people use to create, plan and execute ad campaigns using the trove of data in Omni. Omni Assist accesses Open AI's GPT miles through Microsoft. As the first holding company and second company overall to be giving full access to Open AI models in Microsoft Azure environment, we have a significant first-mover advantage, allowing us to experiment, prototype and launch applications within our platform before any other organization. Historically, we've invested tens of millions of dollars in AI. Going forward, Generative AI investments and partnerships to enhance our platforms and educate our knowledge workers are expected to require greater resources. These investments will result in increased productivity and success for our clients. From e-commerce to influencers to Generative AI, we are investing in all the areas that will shape the future of our industry. When these capabilities are combined with our legendary creativity, we remain positioned at the forefront of change in innovation. In new business, we had a very successful 2023. We secured record business with Amazon, Beiersdorf, HSBC, Jaguar, Land Rover, Novartis, Phillips, Telstra, Uber, Under Armour, Vans and Virgin Voyages, among others. And we closed the year with exciting news that BMW consolidated its U.S. creative, digital and CRM and its media accounts with us. Before I discuss our outlook for 2024, I want to welcome the newest member of our Board of Directors, Casey Santos, who was recently appointed as an independent director and a member of the Finance Committee. Casey joins one of the most diverse boards within the Fortune 500. Now at 11 members, our Board is proud to have seven women and six diverse members. Casey's deep expertise in technology makes her a valuable addition to our Board. I also want to thank our people around the world for helping us successfully close out 2023. Your dedication and commitment to do outstanding work allow our agencies, clients and Omnicom to succeed. We entered 2024 from a position of strength, supported by our solid financial performance and balance sheet, new business wins and key strategic investments in the areas that will drive significant growth in the years ahead. While we continue to plan cautiously, given the uncertainties in the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment based on current marketing conditions, we are targeting 2024 organic revenue growth between 3.5% to 5%. Our range of organic growth during the year will be impacted by new business won in the fourth quarter which doesn't positively impact us until the second quarter and Flywheel's growth, which is typically stronger in the second half of the year.  I'll now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thanks, John. We finished the year on a strong note in terms of revenue growth and profitability, even though the business environment was uncertain in 2023. As we look towards 2024, we're optimistic about the performance of our agencies and an improving economy. Let me spend a few minutes reviewing the financial details of the quarter and then we'll open the lines up for questions and answers. Let's start with a review of our revenue performance on Slide 4. Organic growth in the quarter was 4.4%. The impact on foreign currency translation increased reported revenue by 1.2%. If rates stay where they are currently, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation will be close to flat in Q1, 2024 and for the full year. The net impact of acquisition and disposition revenue on reported revenue was negative 0.7%, primarily reflecting the sale in Q2 of '23 of our research businesses. In 2024, we expect a positive contribution beginning in the first quarter with an increase of about 1.5% and around 2% for the full year, reflecting recent acquisitions and are having moved past recent dispositions. For the full year, organic revenue growth was 4.1%, this was in line with our revised guidance of 3.5% to 5%. We made some good progress toward this target, despite a challenging comparison to 9.4% growth in 2022 and an uncertain macroeconomic environment during the year. As John discussed, organic revenue growth outlook for the full year 2024 is between 3.5% and 5%.  Now let's turn to Slide 5 to review our organic revenue growth by discipline. During the quarter, advertising and media growth was very strong at 9.3%, once again driven by Global Media performance, which was partially offset by softer results from our advertising agencies. Precision marketing growth contracted 1.1%, reflecting a difficult comp to 11.5% growth in Q4 of 2022 and cycling some client spending reductions from earlier in the year. As we look forward to 2024, we expect this to once again be one of our fastest-growing disciplines. Commerce and branding grew by 1% compared to growth of 7.5% last year, driven primarily by growth in specialty production, offset reductions in the quarter at our branding and commerce agencies. Experiential was down 8%, reflecting a difficult comp of 17% growth in Q4 of 2022 with the FIFA World Cup in Qatar, primarily offset by strong growth in Europe in the quarter, while quarterly results can be choppy based on the timing of certain client events. Experiential remains a solid business and is important to our clients' marketing plans. Execution and support declined by 0.4% with mixed results that included a solid performance in field marketing. Public relations declined 2.9% in the quarter due to difficult comps related to the U.S. midterm elections of 2022, when growth exceeded 12%, as well as softness in certain international markets. Finally, Healthcare continued its steady growth of 3.6% during the quarter. Turning to geographic growth on Slide 6, we saw growth in our five largest markets offset again by declines in Canada and the cyclical impact of experiential revenue in Middle East and Africa. The U.S. was up 0.6% in the quarter on solid performances by advertising and media, led by media, and our healthcare businesses, offset primarily by execution and support, public relations and commerce and branding. Slide 7 shows our revenue by industry sector for the full year and the quarter. Looking at the full year which tends to eliminate the volatility of client changes in the quarter, we saw a notable increase of 2 points in automotive and 1 point increases in both food and beverage and financial services. Weaker markets in technology and entertainment, which have been discussed widely in the industry over the course of the year, resulted in reductions of 3 points and 1 point, respectively. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for a look at our expenses. In the fourth quarter, salary and related service costs were higher due to increased staffing levels, but were down as a percentage of revenue year-over-year, driven by our repositioning actions earlier in the year and through ongoing changes in our global employee mix. Third-party service costs increased in connection with the growth in our revenues. We generated profit on these costs and the higher levels in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to '22 were driven primarily by strong growth in our media business. Our disposition activity during the quarter and the year did not have much of an impact on this cost category. Third-party incidental costs were close to the same level as last year and reflect client-related travel and incidental out-of-pocket costs that a bill declines directly at our cost with no profit. Occupancy and other costs were down in both dollar amount and relative to revenue, driven by ongoing rationalizations in our real estate portfolio. SG&A expenses were up primarily due to $14.5 million in professional fees related to acquisition costs incurred in the quarter, the majority of which related to Flywheel. Excluding these costs, quarterly SG&A levels were comparable to last year. Now let's turn to Slide 9 and look at our quarterly and annual income statement. To make the numbers more comparable, the table and footnotes describe some of the other adjustments that were made during this year and last year that we discussed on prior calls. Our operating income margin was negatively impacted by $14.5 million of costs in connection with the Flywheel acquisition, as I just discussed; adjusting for this amount results in an operating income margin of 16.3% and an EBITDA margin of 16.8%. For the full year, our adjusted operating income margin was 15.2%, within our expected range of 15% to 15.4%. As a result of the Flywheel acquisition, we'll have higher levels of amortization expense than past dues and we will be focusing our margin expectations on EBITDA. We continue to expect integration costs, as well as operating synergies and related to the Flywheel acquisition during 2024 and the acquisition will be accretive to diluted EPS adjusted for amortization expense by the fourth quarter. For the full year 2024, we expect adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of reported revenue to be close to flat with last year. Also in this slide, you can see that our non-GAAP adjusted income tax rate of 26% for the full year 2023 and was comparable to 2022. We do not expect the Flywheel business to change our tax rate outlook for 2024, but the 2024 rate will be negatively impacted, primarily related to increases in the statutory rates of certain international countries. For full year 2024, we expect our rates to approximate 27%. Acquisition costs related to Flywheel and better performance at agencies with minority shareholders contributed to a decrease in reported net income of 1%, but an increase of 2.1% and on an adjusted basis. Lastly, adjusted diluted EPS of $2.20 for the fourth quarter increased 5.3% from last year. For the year, adjusted EPS increased by 6.9%. Slide 10 is our cash flow performance for the year. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities excluding changes in operating capital. Free cash flow for 2023 was $1.9 billion, an increase of 6.5%. This increase was driven in part from operational improvements compared to 2022 and the use of operating capital, which we expect to improve further in the future. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $563 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $71 million for dividends and non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures were $78 million, similar to last year and we expect 2024 levels to be higher due to growth investments at Flywheel. Total acquisition payments were $249 million, although we closed the Flywheel acquisition on January 2, 2024, using cash-on-hand of approximately $845 million. It remains our intention, as we stated in the October 30 announcement to finance two-third of the purchase price with new debt, which I'll discuss in a moment. Finally, our stock repurchase activity, net of proceeds from stock plans was $535 million year-to-date within our expected range. Our capital allocation in 2024 will be consistent with our practice of returning cash to shareholders through a healthy dividend, making strategic acquisitions that lead to accelerated growth and using a portion of residual cash to repurchase common stock. Since 2024 began with the closing of a larger-than-normal acquisition, we expect the total share repurchases in 2024 and or approximate 50% of our recent average. Slide 11 is a summary of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2023, the book value of our outstanding debt was $5.6 billion. There were no changes in outstanding balances during the quarter other than foreign exchange translations. Our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program remains undrawn, and our cash equivalents and short-term investments were $4.4 billion. We will continue to monitor the credit markets throughout 2024, and we expect to enter the debt markets to finance approximately $550 million or 2/3 of the $845 million we spent on Flywheel acquisition. And during the year, we will refinance the $750 million of 3.625% senior notes, which are due November 1, 2024. Financing the Flywheel acquisition will increase our interest expense in 2024. It's also likely that refinancing November notes will increase interest expense by some amount, but it is too early to estimate. For 2024, we expect that our internal financing of the Flywheel acquisition in early January with cash on hand prior to an expected financing of two-third of the purchase price, coupled with a decline in global interest rates. Will lead to lower interest income in 2024 compared to 2023. Slide 12 presents our historical returns on two important performance metrics for the 12 months ended December 31, 2023. Omnicom's return on invested capital is 26% and return on equity was 41%, both reflecting very strong performance. Healthy returns like these reflect the strength of our industry our operating discipline and the preservation of our conservative balance sheet.  Operator, please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Cameron McVeigh with Morgan Stanley.
Cameron McVeigh: How are you guys thinking about the cadence of growth in margins over the course of 2024 from what you can see now, the comp to ease as the year progresses when you have the Summer Olympics and the U.S. election in November. So curious any color you can provide on how you expect the year to shape up? And then I have a follow-up.
John Wren: Sure. Well, the comps in the first quarter remain probably the most difficult comps that we have going into the year, but it's not that as much as it is Flywheel, which we closed on January 2 is just seasonally natural at least stronger in the second half than the first. So that's one point. And as I said in my prepared remarks, A number of the new business wins we had late in the third quarter, early in the fourth quarter or throughout the fourth quarter. Whilst we won them and we have to ramp up our expenses in order to handle them with the notice periods, the companies that lost those accounts. We don't start getting revenue really until the second quarter or so. So the additive tailwind for that won't happen until then. You're absolutely correct that as we go through the year, if all of those well. The Olympics will add something to the revenue as will the U.S. election add something as we get a little bit later into the second quarter than the third quarter. And there'll be a tail to it also in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of reflected in the range that we have given you. And we want to emphasize that whilst we expect this to ramp it didn't start ramping on January 1.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. I think I would just add that I think it's probably logical -- our margin expectations would kind of mirror that as the year goes on. And as performance builds, as John had said, you'll see some consistency in the performance of the margins as well.
Cameron McVeigh: Great. Makes sense. And a question for Duncan. As you ran essential and built Flywheel, what are you excited about now that you're part of Omnicom, I love your thoughts.
Duncan Painter: Yes. So well, firstly, Cameron, it's a pleasure to be here on the call. And I'm delighted to be part  of the leadership group at Omnicom. We had the chance to work alongside Omnicom for a long time for me 12 years. And we always admired the pride and the quality that they focus on always leading with the best-in-class quality products and services in the market. It was always very, very clear and having built a platform in Flywheel that focused on exactly the same, that was very important to us. And since we've been here, it's really clear how this company really focuses on high-quality products and great service to customers. So there's a natural fit there. That all saying form is temporary, but class permanent is showing in the company. The other thing from our side is we really do think the scale of clients and the very early engagement we've already had with the clients that Omnicom has, but they clearly have very trusted relationships with them is giving us great access to not just maintain our growth rates, but to have some sense that we've got a chance to accelerate them and that's exciting for us. And we're great to see that come through. And just the quality of our ability to just expand across a range of really high-quality clients. And then finally, and perhaps the most exciting for us and the thing that we -- that John alluded to in his presentation is that there's no doubt from our diligence upon the, it's a modern next-generation platform that has, by far, the largest scale trading data on the marketing side. And having built on the flywheel side, the biggest trading data platform on the marketplaces. We're really excited about the ability to combine that information. We think it's a unique opportunity, and it really is for the first time ever going to give clients the real ability to measure marketing sales in one go. So that's definitely the most exciting element that we see.
Cameron McVeigh: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Thanks for taking the question. John, some of your peers have pushed AI to the front of conversations recently and highlighted potential competitive advantages around data attack. I'm interested first, do you think as AI is integrated into the holding companies that real differentiation and execution is going to emerge that will be visible to clients? And then secondly, for Omnicom how do you think about the time line of moving from testing AI capabilities to deploying it in a way that is going to be visible to investors on the top line or in cost?
John Wren: Sure. There's a lot there. First of all, AI is just AI. We've been investing in that for close to a decade more seriously in the last 5 years, you see it reflected in Omni Assist. What they're really talking about is the impact of Generative AI, I think, and what it's going to do to the entire landscape. And we've taken a view that it's going to make us more productive and make what I refer to as our knowledge workers, better, faster able to get come up with better answers and insights for our clients. It's unknown territory. One of the immediate concerns we had, and it's reflected in comments that I made earlier and it was released in November, when you look at AI and technology always travels faster than society's ability to absorb it and the laws and regulations that generally follow it. So making certain that we don't expose our clients to anything that can be create a problem because of its -- because it was handled improperly, is key. And the first move we made there was entering into the DoD [ph] images. So we're capable of accessing those and teaching our programs and platforms, how to utilize that in a fast and efficient way. And more of those type of arrangements are going to occur as we go forward. Also, I think the cost governments will be late in catching up with how they want to protect the consumer, we're going to have to tread very carefully. So I think our ability to do things will exceed whether or not we will use them to do things. And we're going to put the clients' interest and safety above all in that consideration set. In terms of bettering of products and things that we're doing, we already have a few clients who we're bettering products with who are very aware of the risks associated with it that we're going to break a few things. We're going to -- but at the end of the day, we're going to create a better, more efficient way. I'm going to throw the question to somebody who's sitting here as well. My colleague Paulo, who has been first and foremost in Head's committees, look at this. So, Paulo?
Paolo Yuvienco: Hey, David, thanks for the question. So just to get back to the first part of your question, I think the short answer is yes. And it's precisely the reason why artificial intelligence has been pervasively deployed across our industry-leading operating system, Omni since we created it well over five years ago. And more specifically around Generative AI, we spent the last 18 months working with really the titans in enterprise-ready Generative AI, including the likes of Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Adobe, John mentioned Getty. We're having -- we've had first mover advantage with all of these partners really in testing and integrating their models to change and optimize the way we are delivering outcomes for our clients. So with over 50,000 people across Omnicom, both clients and our employees kind of using and have been provisioned access to Omni. We've already started to bring these capabilities to life, as John mentioned, on several clients and select accounts. And actually, to the second part of your question, we've actually launched these capabilities back in June of 2023 with Omni Assist. Omni Assist is utilizing those large language models, those to fusion models. And they're already starting to make the jobs of our people easier and frankly, they'll work for our clients better.
David Karnovsky: Great. And then maybe one more. Just on the technology vertical, it's been a headwind across the industry for some time now. I think there's been some investor optimism that this could improve with easier comps for the year. Same time, we keep seeing layoffs in the technology space. I know it's been generally less an issue for Omnicom, but interested to know what you're seeing here and whether there's any read-through to business lines like precision marketing.
John Wren: Certainly, there'll be easier comps. But as you suggest, I don't think in our prior calls, we've been learning too much about the impact that technology has had whereas I think our competitors have had much greater hits, which probably means that they buy have much easier comps going forward. But yes, we expect an uplift from the base of technology clients that we have in the forecast as it rolls through the rest of the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adam Berlin with UBS.
Adam Berlin: I'll ask two questions, if I can? And the first one is, can you say a bit more about why advertising and media was so strong in the fourth quarter? Was it to do with account wins? Can you quantify how big the account wins were? And can you say something about how much was media and how much was created within that segment?
John Wren: Well, I'll answer the second part of your question first. Media certainly was stronger in advertising, but we choose to treat it as one reporting entity when we put both of those numbers together because quite often, they've come together. More specific than that, I don't think is a protective way to look at the business. Yes, there are a lot of strength in the fourth quarter in media. There are a great number of projects and spending that was conservatively held back and then released into the fourth quarter, and we benefited from it, as you can see in the numbers. And I would say that was through the West including Western Europe.
Adam Berlin: And can I ask one more question then about working capital. I know you exclude it from your free cash flow but it was still quite a large number, $460 million. Do you expect that to come down in 2024? Or can you say a little bit about why it's still so high?
Philip Angelastro: Sure. For the year, certainly, the change in working capital was positive almost a $400 million improvement which we're pretty satisfied with. I think relatively speaking, though the overall negative reflects the fact that the actions of the Fed and over time, global treasuries have obviously made it a more challenging area to manage. I think the fact that we cut the change in half where we cut the number in half in 2023 is really reflective of good performance all throughout the organization. It's really a matter of 3 yards in a cloud of dust in terms of blocking and tackling to improve those numbers. We're certainly going to strive to get the number back to neutral, if not positive as we go but that isn't going to happen overnight. I think as the economic environment changes and as the rates eventually come down, I think you'll see some continued improvement. It's certainly an area we're very focused on and we're not done in terms of improving our performance. But it has been more challenging in the last few years than in half.
Adam Berlin: Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thanks, maybe to first just to expand on the question around advertising and media. So I think you talked about how creative has been lagging, and then you've had a lot of strength in media, and you've definitely showed off strong capability there and want a lot of business. John, I'm just wondering if there's anything bigger to read about how the industry is changing and the acceleration in media with the slowdown in creative, do you think that's a change in the way marketers just think about the future of marketing and marketing spend is much more about the delivery than the content? And if so, are there any other changes that you might think about to your business longer term, if that is, in fact the case. And then just in Q4, your organic growth was pretty similar to what you've guided to for 2024. The EBIT margins were solid. They weren't necessarily up year-on-year. I know there's a lot of moving pieces then this year with Flywheel. But can you just talk about what's holding those margins a little flattish, like the guidance that you gave? And is there anything that could drive more margin expansion in the future? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. There's a lot there. You bring up an interesting point, and I probably won't do justice to it in my response. But creative is our IP at the end of the day. What you see in a reflection or your guess as to the impact on the way that the business has been organized and then reported. What you see is technology has probably had a greater impact on the traditional setup of an agency in terms of how we can utilize great ideas and through algorithms and through automation, deliver those ideas to the right venue to present them to reach customers. And so that has an impact. That in fact, is why we don't separate the two because they feed off each other. But I think one of the things, that is always differentiated us is actually the quality of our creative products and the quality of our agencies and people that we're able to attract and that's not to be diminished because some is trying to do an analysis, which doesn't -- is not really reflective of what we're trying to accomplish. And so you have to -- you do have to look at them jointly. And we fully expect that it's going to continue to shift. But to our benefit, as we bring other technologies and benefits to the client because any time we can save $1 and prove that we've saved it effectively for a client, then my experience that the client expands their relationship with this. So I'm very confident about that. I would never want to lose that IP that created IP because of shift in the way that organizing. The second question?
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I'll give one on margins and expectations. I think as we've said in the past, we certainly strive over time to make steady progress on margins and make improvements. Certainly, in our two of our largest expenses, salary and service costs and occupancy and another, we see future opportunities. Certainly, on the salary-related side, there's still quite a few initiatives we have benefit from offshoring and automation. There are strong initiatives that we're pushing, and we'll continue to push in those areas. And we continue to go through a real estate rationalization and expect to benefit from that over time as well, and we continue to make some improvements there. I think, however, we talked a lot about AI on this call. That will be part of what helps us be more efficient and generate some of these benefits. But at the same time, it requires investments that we're going to continue to make in the business that, as we've talked about in the past, many of the investments we've made have run through the P&L, it's the right thing to do to make sure that our platforms are ready to give us the sustainable growth that we've been able to achieve and expect to achieve in the future. So it's a continual balance that we go through in terms of making those investments and generating the appropriate returns from a margin perspective and benefits for our shareholders ultimately as well. So I think that's a balance that we continue to manage. We look at it every year. We look at it every day. It's both. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. 
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have one for Duncan and John. Duncan, can you give us a sense of your client mix, you see Omnicom kind of you know their clients and their exposures. Can you talk a bit a bit of your biggest clients for verticals you serve? And then John, this is a big deal to you obviously. Anything you said about channel conflict, client conflict. When you look at Dunkin's list in euros and perhaps either the ability to upsell your common list of clients or any kind of challenges? And then Phil, over the years, we've asked you about media and then third-party service costs. This quarter looks like you grew media or the media line very, very quickly organically. But your service costs, we're actually pretty glad on a constant currency basis. Can you talk a bit about what's happening on the ground on margin when you dig into that sector between organic and service costs? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. Conflicts really are not. It's been quite a while since it really has become a topic or an item that concerns us. Most clients are very sophisticated these days and they're more interested in the teams of people that are servicing them on a consistent basis. And we -- and I think you'd see this experience throughout the industry have been able to cope very comfortably with that because those people never meet, it's only at the holding company level that they get consolidated. With respect to sectors, there will be challenges and all, and there will be benefits in some, and some will have low comps, and some will have more difficult comps. The one area that has never been strong or as strong maybe as it could be for Omnicom is in CPJ. And I think that with changes that we made first to the Commerce Group in terms of leadership, and then with the addition of Flywheel and the expertise that it brings, Omnicom now has thousands of more people who are confident in addressing the needs of CPG type of cans. And I think we'll be more competitive than we've been historically in that area as a result. So I'm very excited about that. We're still doing this. I think maybe, Duncan, if we turn it over to you first, if you want to comment on -- add some commentary on your side.
Duncan Painter: Yes. So yes, thanks for the question. Flywheel has always been very strong in CPG. We serve already 50 of the top 100, and we're already seeing opportunities for us to combine, as John says, both our capabilities and Omnicom's capabilities to further enhance those clients' experiences. And also Omnicom does have a client mix that helps us expand into a number of the LPGs [ph] we haven't served. So it's -- there's a good combination there. But actually, what's exciting for us is other categories where we've seen strong potential over time and Omnicom are very strong. And clearly, electronics is a big area. Tech and electronics, Omnicom has very good relationships there and primarily with the high-quality providers in those customers in those segments certainly, our ability to now work with potentially a number of the top 20 brands that actually sell through Amazon, for example, is very exciting. And then in addition to that, opportunities that are definitely coming through the business transformation for the industry, particularly around areas like automotive, where if you look at the secondary parts markets and secondary service markets of automotive, marketplaces are becoming -- it's one of the fastest growth segments in marketplaces. And of course, Omnicom is perfectly positioned to position us in with those kind of organizations trying to work out how they really maximize that opportunity. So yes, we can see both strength in our existing segments but actually opening up beautifully some new segments for us.
Philip Angelastro: And then on your last question, I think certainly, media experienced very strong growth in the fourth quarter and had a great year. That growth was pretty consistent and strong across most of the media businesses and agencies we have in most markets for a number of reasons. And certainly, some of what you see in third-party service costs is a result of the gross media business is performing well also. There is a bit of a mix difference between those businesses within our media operation, but they complement each other quite nicely. And I think, we certainly have an offering that clients are very attracted to. And find very helpful and useful and valuable to meet their needs.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Timothy Nollen: Hi, everyone. Thanks very much. I've got a numbers question and a broader question. Well. The numbers question is, if you could please comment a bit further on the shift in growth rates between the U.S. slowing in Q4 and a lot of international markets, it looks like accelerating Europe, Asia Pac. Just kind of curious, I heard what you said about the U.S. side, just maybe a bit more color on that. And then why conversely some of those international markets like they accelerated year-over-year. ? And then the broader question is about cookie deprecation and all the changes that Google is perhaps bringing about this year. I just wonder what your take is on the likelihood of cookies ending up being fully depreciated by year-end or some of the recent news flow is perhaps holding up progress there. Just curious how engaged Omnicom agencies may be in the privacy sandbox.
John Wren: Sure. When you look at where the strength was, the fourth quarter really has three components to it. Its clients releasing projects. New business wins in its impact. And then if you've lost anything where you're feeling that impact as you net down to what we report as organic growth. I'd say that -- the project work came in very strong, stronger than we expected in some parts of Western Europe. And we have a thesis about why, but it's certainly not something we plan for. It came in decently in North America. But North America, is where we were cycling through a number of losses that occurred in the advertising sector over a year ago. And when you lose something that's bad news, but then you have to live with it as you cycle through it. So all that is the alchemy of how you get to organic growth and as a result, that makes us -- we're still cautious about this year because of all the unrest and the Fed hasn't really started reducing rate yet. But in terms of what issues we had there for the most part, behind us. And some of the new business wins have not -- we haven't started benefiting from yet. So I'm very comfortable that 2024 will probably wind up looking more traditional than 2023 did. In terms of cookie deprecation, that's something we've been fully expecting for a very long time, but I could chat about it, but I'm going to throw it to Paulo because he's more of an expert and more closely deals with it on a day-to-day basis.
Paolo Yuvienco: Yes. So as John said, we have been expecting very long time. And to predict if it's going to actually happen at the end of this year, I mean, frankly, your guess is as good as ours, but we've been preparing for it, and we're ready for it. In fact, Omni has been purpose-built to actually address a cookie-less world just with respect to third-party cookies on Google. So in addition to that, we've been preparing in other ways like some of the deals that we've struck with clean rooms and the integration into various clean rooms that are helping us to facilitate first-party data. And then, of course, the acquisition of Flywheel and all the data that they bring directly from the marketplaces, that is helping to drive a better understanding of consumers without the need of those third-party cookies.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. John, I wanted to hear your thoughts, if I could, on two sectors; your pharmaceutical health care area, what your outlook is for this upcoming year. It's obviously been very steady growth for a number of years. And also your thoughts on the auto sector. It looks like you had a very good year. Last year, you won the BMW account recently and stuff. How optimistic about auto sector for you guys this upcoming year? And I have a follow-up for Phil. Thank you.
John Wren: Pharma, we remain very optimistic on. The only headwind I think we face as we go into '24 with Pharma was earlier in the year, we lost Pfizer, so we'll be cycling through that. But the only limitations we are currently looking through, not things that we haven't won or we haven't been asked to work on, but have they gotten through the FDA because pharma. And just the simple science of things in the advances that are occurring give us tremendous opportunities to continue to grow. And I think that will be not only '24 but '24 and beyond a very strong sector for us. Autos, when it comes down to is, we're very well represented in autos, and I think we have the best clients one could ask in the sector. There is this tension going on in the marketplace that most auto OEMs are dealing with in terms of what's the mix between the electric cars that we're going to be out in the market, more conventional cars and hybrid. And there's a lot of decision-making and a lot of long lead times that go into that. But in terms of the sector itself, there's no question. It becomes an information platform for the OEMs as we go forward and the more merrier from my perspective. And as Duncan mentioned, now with the addition of Flywheel, there was a whole sector of aftersales parts that we could do a modest job on, but now we can do a much more robust job when you look through how those goods are distributed to the ultimate consumer, which is, in many cases, an increasingly in marketplaces. So it's been a strong sector. It should even get stronger for us as we extend that over the coming months and years, and we're very comfortable with it.
Craig Huber: And then, Phil, just I can just ask two quick housekeeping things. How would you sum up how your project-related work did for the whole company in the fourth quarter versus a year ago? And then a nit-pick question, your amortization for a number of quarters here has been sitting around $20 million. How much do you think it's going to go up here with this Flywheel acquisition? Do you have that handy?
Philip Angelastro: We don't have the final number. Because there's a number of steps that we have to complete, given the acquisition just closed in early January. So we have some valuations and other things to do on the intangible assets which aren't complete. I would say, it's going to be a meaningful increase no question and amortization expense. And we obviously think the value of the Flywheel asset and team are going to prove to be a very wise investment. But amortization is going to go up in a meaningful way. We just don't have a number yet to guide you with, but that's something we're working through and we'll be working through quite diligently over the next few weeks and months before we finalize it. And then as far as project spend goes, I think similar to Q4 of '22project spend was quite strong but probably not as strong as '22. '22, for sure, was a much more robust time frame. I think when we were -- when we were having discussions in late '22 and early '23 and probably on our call in February '23. Yes, there are a lot of clouds that people saw on the horizon in this short term that actually turned out not to be as dark as some had expected. But the fourth quarter environment in 2022 is certainly much more robust than it was this year. But we're happy with the performance of agencies as far as capturing project spend in Q4 of '23. But relative to '22, certainly on '22 is more robust.
John Wren: And don't lose sight of the fact that in '24 as we get into it, we do have the Olympics. We do have a presidential election, and it's been my experience that presidential election years are generally very good one way or the other for the economy, and there gets to be some tension in the media marketplaces, especially in the U.S. as you get later in the year. So that makes people, fosters people to make decisions sooner. And if the Fed comes through and starts to cut, that will be the beginning of, I think, fuel to aid in the outcomes that I just suggested will be there. So we're cautious, but we are optimistic.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: And with that, at this time, there are no other further questions. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our third quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, we've posted a press release along with the presentation covering the information we'll review today, as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we've included at the end of our Investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2022 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John and then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter, and after our prepared remarks, we will open the line up for your questions. I'll now hand the call over to John
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter results. Before we discuss the quarter, I want to touch on something that is top of mind for many of us. The horrific attacks on Israel and the subsequent war have been devastating to witness. We've seen a complete lack of humanity displayed and that hate has no place in this world. We mourn the innocent lives lost and our thoughts remain with all those personally impacted. Turning to our results. Organic growth was 3.3% for the quarter, which is in line with our expectations. Operating income margin was 15.7% and diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $1.86, up 5.1% versus the comparable period in 2022. Our results for the quarter keep us on pace to maintain our full year organic growth target of 3.5% to 5% and our operating margin target of 15% to 15.4%. Phil will cover our results in more detail during his remarks. Our cash flow continues to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions, and share repurchases and our liquidity and our balance sheet remain very strong. During the quarter, we continue to make solid progress on our key strategic priorities to position Omnicom for sustainable and profitable long-term growth. Starting on the talent front, we made several key leadership changes as part of our succession planning. Alex Lubar was named Global CEO of DDB worldwide. Alex served as the Global President and Chief Operating Officer of DDB and succeeds Marty O'Halloran who will become Chairman. In addition, Glen Lomas, currently CEO of DDB EMEA has been elevated to Global President and Chief Operating Officer in partnership with Alex. Nancy Reyes is moving from her post as CEO of TBWA New York to become CEO of the Americas at BBDO. Nancy succeeds St. John Walshe, who's been with BBDO for 27 years. Guy Marks, previously Omnicom Media Group's CEO of EMEA, was named the CEO of PHD Worldwide. Guy succeeds Philippa Brown, who is leaving the media industry after nearly four decades. Dan Clays, who led Omnicom's Media Group UK as CEO, will fill the CEO of OMG EMEA's position. I want to congratulate Alex, Glen, Nancy, Guy, and Dan and extend my gratitude to Marty, St. John, and Philippa for their many years of service to Omnicom. This series of announcements is a testament to our emphasis on succession planning and ensuring our networks and practice areas have the right teams to lead them into the future. During the quarter, we continued building our Generative AI capabilities with the rollout of Omni Assist, our proprietary version of ChatGPT that enhances every task within Omni. Omni Assist is just one example of how we are improving our capabilities and efficiency through Generative AI. We continue assessing how Generative AI will affect the way we work across the organization and preparing ourselves for the future. We broaden our capabilities through strategic acquisitions in high growth areas in the quarter. In July, Omnicom Media Group acquired Outpromo and Global Shopper, two of Brazil's leading connected commerce and retail media agencies. These acquisitions create a dedicated end-to-end e-commerce and retail media performance agency in the Brazilian market for Omnicom Media Group. OPRG strengthen its services through the acquisition of PLUS Communications, a top public affairs firm, and FP1 Strategies, a leading political consultancy. The Beltway-based acquisitions further solidify OPRG's leadership position and portfolio in public affairs and crisis communications, particularly in the healthcare and technology. We recently announced the formation of Omnicom Advertising Services India comprised of Omnicom's creative agencies located in India, BBDO, DDB, and TBWA. Omnicom Advertising Services will be able to offer the best creative capabilities and talent for our clients across the group. The formation of Omnicom Advertising Services India follows the launch of our global delivery services and centers of excellence in India, which we announced earlier this year. Today, we have over 4,000 people in global centers of excellence in four major cities supporting our clients and agencies around the world. We are rapidly scaling the operations and expect to triple the size over the next 24 to 36 months. Our centers of excellence are helping our company transform from within, improving our client offerings and providing operating efficiencies. While we position Omnicom for the long-term, we're driving growth through significant new business wins. Some of these wins this quarter include Omnicom Media Group won the Global Media Business for Uber and HSBC. Beiersdorf selected OMD as its media agency of record for Europe and North America. On the creative front, adam&eveDDB picked up Amazon's creative business in Europe. Omnicom Health Group and our advertising collective also continue to grow their relationship with Novartis, expanding in oncology and winning significantly in pharma, including their renal portfolio. Finally, TBWA was awarded the creative duties for Telstra, Australia's largest mobile network. Overall, we are pleased with our financial results and our progress on our key strategic initiatives. While we remain optimistic entering the fourth quarter, as in past years, our performance in the fourth quarter will be impacted by the amount of year-end project spend that our clients execute and that our agencies are successful capturing. We continue to plan cautiously, given the uncertainties in the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, including high interest rates, oil prices, instability due to the wars in Ukraine and Israel, and the continuing risk of a recession in the United States. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John. As John said, our business is solid despite the challenges of the current macroeconomic environment. Before we open the call up for questions and answers, let's go through our third quarter results in more detail. Starting with the summary income statement for the second quarter on slide three. Reported revenue increased by 3.9% and organic growth was 3.3%. Reported operating income increased by 2.7% to $560.8 million and the related margin was 15.7%. Net interest expense was $38.3 million for the quarter, an increase of $9.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2022, due in part to lower interest income on cash and short-term investments. Q4, we expect that, compared to the prior year, net interest expense will experience a similar increase. Our reported income tax rate was 26%. This was lower than our 27% estimate from July due to a reduction in tax expense resulting from the vesting of share-based compensation. For the fourth quarter, we estimate our tax rate will be 27%. Reported net income in Q3 increased by 2% and diluted earnings per share was up 5.1%, driven by both higher net income and by lower shares outstanding, resulting from share repurchases. Let's turn to revenue on slide four. As mentioned, organic growth in the third quarter was 3.3%. The impact from foreign currency translation reversed course in the third quarter, increasing reported revenue by 1.7%. If rates stay where they are currently, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation will be a benefit of approximately 0.5% for Q4 and a reduction of approximately 0.5% for the year. The impact of acquisition and disposition revenue is negative 1.1%, primarily reflecting the sale in Q2 of our research businesses. We expect a reduction of 75 basis points for the fourth quarter and expect that the recent acquisitions will result in an increase in reported acquisition and disposition revenue next year. As John discussed, our organic growth outlook for the year remains unchanged at 3.5% with a stretch target of 5%, which still factors in some uncertainty about the level of year-end incremental marketing spend and project work that we expect our agencies will be successfully capturing in the fourth quarter. Now let's turn to slide five to review our organic revenue growth by discipline. During the quarter, advertising media posted 6.1% growth, its strongest this year, driven by continued strength in our media business globally. Precision marketing grew 4.3%. Solid performance given the comparison to the 16.2% growth that experienced in Q3 of '22 and the challenging backdrop of certain of their technology and telecom clients that we discussed last quarter. Commerce and Branding declined by 1.7% driven by reductions at our shopper marketing agencies. Experiential grew 9.2%, led by Asia, Europe, and the UK, which offset negative growth in the US and the Middle East. Execution and Support declined 3.6% due primarily to declines in our merchandising business. The Public Relations was down 5.5%, reflecting difficult comps against the 12.6% growth we delivered in Q3 of 2022. Approximately half of the reduction relates to less revenue connected to the 2022 election cycle and the balance was due to a slowing of project spend in the quarter. We expect a similar headwind related to a reduction in revenue in Q4 compared to the benefit from the election cycle in Q4 of 2022. Finally, Healthcare grew 3.8% with good momentum at several large clients. Turning to slide six, we saw growth across our larger regions offset by a decline in Canada as well as a decline in the Middle East and Africa, which grew by 12.2% in Q3 of 2022, caused in part by the cyclicality in Experiential. Looking at the year-to-date revenue by industry sector on slide seven. Compared to the third quarter of last year, we had higher relative weights in two of our larger categories, food and beverage and automotive and, as expected, a lower relative weight in technology and a reduction, although smaller, in telecom. Now let's turn to slide eight where you can see good progress on our expenses year-over-year. Salary and related service costs were down as a percentage of revenue year-over-year driven by our repositioning actions and through changes in our global employee mix. Third-party service costs increased in connection with growth in our revenues. These costs include third-party supplier costs when we act as principal in providing services to our clients. They are an integral part of our service offering to our clients, and we generate profit on them. Third-party incidental costs increased due to an increase in client-related travel and incidental out-of-pocket costs that have billed the clients directly at our cost at no profit. Occupancy and other costs were helped by reductions in our real estate portfolio in the first quarter of 2023. Reductions in rent expense were offset partially by an increase in operating expenses from higher levels of in-office work globally. SG&A expenses were up a bit, primarily due to higher professional fees related to the acquisitions we recently completed. Turning to slide nine. Operating income in Q3 was up 2.7% on a reported basis, and the related margin was 15.7%, down slightly as expected from 15.9% in the third quarter of 2022. For the full year, we remain comfortable with the expected operating margin range of between 15% and 15.4%. On a nine-month year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted basis, as presented here on slide nine, operating income margin was 14.8% compared to 14.9% in 2022. Our EBITDA margin in Q3 was 16.2%, also down slightly from 16.4% in the third quarter of 2022. On a nine-month year-to-date non-GAAP adjusted basis, our EBITDA margin was 15.3% compared to 15.5% in 2022. Slide 10 is our cash flow performance for the first nine months of the year. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in working capital. Free cash flow for the third quarter of 2023 was $1.3 billion, an increase of 9.4% from last year. We continue to expect changes in working capital to be close to flat for the year as it usually is. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $424 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $47 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures were $64 million, similar to last year. Total acquisition payments were $202 million. And our stock repurchase activity, net of proceeds from stock plans, was $530 million year-to-date. Most of this took place in the first half of the year. Slide 11 is a summary of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. At the end of the third quarter of 2023, the book value of our outstanding debt was $5.6 billion. There were no changes in outstanding balances during the quarter other than foreign exchange translations. Our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion US commercial paper program, remains undrawn. And our cash equivalents and short-term investments were $2.8 billion. Our next debt maturity is not until November of 2024. Slide 12 presents our historical returns on two important performance metrics for the 12 months ended September 30th, 2023. Omnicom's return on invested capital was 23%, and return on equity was 47%. These metrics continue to be an excellent indicator of our conservative capital structure and the health of our business. In closing, despite a challenging macro environment, we're pleased with our financial results and our year-to-date organic growth of 4%. We believe we are positioned very well for strong growth in the future when the caution on the macro environment clears. Operator, please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good afternoon. John, I guess I'll ask you the standard fourth quarter question around the macro and just trying to parse your words a little bit and understanding whether you're feeling that the caution that you guys referenced today has increased from earlier this year. Obviously there's a lot of things happening in the world that would necessarily explain that. But I'm just wondering if you could add a little more color on how clients are feeling about Q4 and looking into next year. And then I'll just ask my follow-up, maybe for Phil or whoever wants to take it. Is it fair to call the tech sector a clear and sort of different headwind to sort of the overall business for Omnicom? I noticed, I think year-to-date, that vertical was down 300 basis points year-to-year. It's been a big theme across the industry sort of the year of efficiency. I'm just wondering if you think that's a fair way to think about what we're seeing in the business in 2023.
John Wren: I do believe -- I can probably go back 21 years where, at this point in the year, I'm saying it's very similar, if not the same thing. A very large part of the project work that occurs, which adds to our growth or doesn't provide our growth, comes from project spend and clients doing things that they've hesitated to do or pushed back throughout the year. At this point, it's not a lot different than in past years in that we won't have clarity until probably Thanksgiving or thereabouts. And you're correct in what you said, there seems to be a lot more going on as we're entering this quarter, as we're going through it. We were already facing Hollywood strike, the auto strike, although that doesn't really impact us as much as it may others and now what's going on in the Middle East and Ukraine continues as well. But so none of these are great signs. And it depends on what the headlines are in the newspapers every day, which dictate some of the spend that occurs or doesn't occur. So our people are very experienced at this. In those 20-plus years, we've only had two years where a significant part of the spend didn't actually come through. And both of those were around recessions in the 2008 and 2001 time frames. The rest of the times, it's eked out. Although some years, you feel a little bit more confident about it because there aren't all these macroeconomic and geopolitical issues occurring. So we're -- having said that, and you're certainly aware of it, as I look past the quarter and past this project work to next year, with all the new business wins we've recently had and some of the signals that we're getting, I'm very confident, I'll say, confident -- about our performance for '24 because I think we have the right products and we certainly have expanded who our clients are. So some of those wins that I announced, we will not enjoy really any revenue in the fourth quarter. That revenue principally start January 1st, but it's a good tailwind to have.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I'd certainly echo John's comments as far as the Q4 outlook and the very typical process we go through to capture as much of that project spend as we can in the fourth quarter, agency by agency, all across the world. Regarding your tech question, Ben, I think from our perspective, given relative comps, we don't really see the tech headwinds as significantly different than the broader macro at this point in time, now that we're through nine months of 2023. Maybe they close out the year not as strong as they did last year as far as spending, but at some point in the near future, we don't see this as a permanent decline. We think they're going to come back and invest in their brands and begin to spend at a higher level at some point in the near future.
John Wren: Yes. The only point I would add to what Phil's comments were is most of that decline is a decline with existing clients. So it's not because of client loss. So as their products get released into the marketplace and they get through whatever problems they've adjusted to during 2023, we're still very confident about this sector.
Benjamin Swinburne: Sure. Thanks, John. Thanks, Phil.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. So John, when you think about the trends this year, it seems like tech and telco has been a headwind and maybe the overall macro and geopolitical environment that you talked about has cast some additional uncertainty, more recently. And then I think you have new business and maybe M&A as tailwinds. So heading into next year where a lot of your clients are probably in their budget cycles now, do you feel like it's setting up for a more challenging industry backdrop? Or do you think that those tailwinds you have or the AI investments that you've been making can lead you to have some acceleration as you move into next year? That's the first one. And then second, maybe for John or for Phil, I think you last raised the dividend in February 2021. Your dividend then was pretty competitive versus the rate environment. Obviously, the rate environment has changed a lot since then. So when you think about recommendations to the Board about capital allocation, how are you thinking about what the right level of the dividend should be and whether this is an environment that you feel comfortable growing it? Thank you.
John Wren: To answer your first question, we're not quite ready to give you guidance for '24 just yet because our people are out doing a bottoms-up plan, which they won't present to us for another six or seven weeks, and then that gets tweaked throughout the balance of the year. But with the experiences that I've had, with the new business wins that we've enjoyed and the places where we faced headwinds this year, we're set up very well to have a very successful 2024. And that's what I anticipate to see when we actually get that bottoms-up review back from our companies. So I'm confident and I don't see any significant adjustments that we have to make to our portfolio, which, in and of itself, is very flexible, to service those client needs and enjoy the growth that's associated with it. Do you want to take the second question? Or I can do the dividend, too.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, go ahead.
John Wren: The dividend is really a board matter, and it will come up in the board meetings that come between now and, say, February. We'll have more to say as those meetings occur.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I wouldn't take it, the fact that we haven't raised the dividend in 2023, as a lack of confidence in the business at all. Given the broader macro, I think, we've always approached it, and the Board has always approached it, with a level of conservatism and really continuing to keep the flexibility we have in the capital structure right now given the broader macro. But it's certainly something that's on the agenda, and I would not view it as a function of a lack of confidence in the business at all.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Great. Thanks very much. I'd like to pick up on one actual word that you used in your last comment, John, and that is flexibility. I saw this WFA survey recently talking about clients, I guess, coming up with more reasons why they want their agencies to do more. And I'm sure this is an age-old discussion that you have. But you've done a lot of work to reposition the business, reinvesting in data and technology and things over the years, divested assets. You just ran in your prepared remarks through a number of management changes internally that you've done recently. We saw today WPP just merged a couple of its big agencies. I just wondered, John, if you could maybe expound a little bit on what this WFA report means and how Omnicom feels positioned given that commentary.
John Wren: Sure. I have to admit to not reading the report that you're referring to. But in terms of our portfolio, yes, there's been a significant expansion in our media business, and that is growing. There's been quite a bit of success in that. If you look at the conversions -- I probably said that wrong, report. When you take media wins versus media losses, we continue to come out on top, and I'm confident that, that is going to hold. There's a few opportunities, which we expect to be asked to participate in reviewing which are offensive opportunities where we're not defending existing business other than in some statutory audit reviews. And our CRM business, which grew very strongly and hit a couple of road bumps in the beginning of this year, has come out of it very strong and just won a few very large and significant clients that are going to help us next year. It becomes an increasing part of our portfolio as well. Our PR unit, even though it's suffering a little bit because of the comparables of not being in an election year, next year is an election year, so that same group will be benefited as a result of that. So the portfolio has been tweaked. We've gotten rid of, in a very sensible way, assets in the past. And I think going forward, I don't know if Phil commented on it or not, but I think where we were showing net divestitures for probably the last three years, we're now with the acquisition activity we had and adding to the portfolio. From a net perspective, we're growing those areas and we're buying into those areas to support our companies where we see the greatest growth.
Tim Nollen: Yes. Great. No, I think that answers it. The survey was basically talking about advertising clients looking for more flexibility and streamlined services from the agencies. It sounds very much like that's what you've been doing. And even your comments today about some of the changes you've made seem to support that. So thanks.
John Wren: The only thing I would add to that is I get more people back into the offices, which we continue to have success with, but there's still work to do. I think that will further support our growth.
Tim Nollen: Collaboration is easier in person.
John Wren: Yes, sir.
Tim Nollen: Thanks a lot.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Karnovsky from JPMorgan. Please begin.
David Karnovsky: Thank you. John, we saw the uptick in precision marketing in the quarter. I wanted to see if you could provide more color there. Is that just comps? Or are you starting to see some movement on projects that maybe were paused previously? And then for Phil, on principal costs, it looks like or sorry, third-party service costs, it looks like growth accelerated there a touch in the quarter. Can you parse that out between maybe principal trading and other areas like events? And then just with principal trading generally, I don't know how much you're willing to quantify in terms of organic revenue contribution, but maybe you could discuss the business at a high level what the reception is from clients to the offer. Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. Handling your first question, some of the declines and challenges in the telecommunication and tech sector were probably more impactful to that practice area, in the precision marketing practice area. And as Phil mentioned earlier, we think that -- the good news is we didn't lose clients, we continue to win clients in that area. And we think those companies have gone through their adjustments the latter part of last year and the early part of this year. So we're ascending. This quarter was better than the last, which was probably the toughest comparison we had. And with some of the new business wins that they've had very recently, 2024 sets up to be a very good year. I can't really comment on how many projects we're going to get in CRM in the next 90 days. But in terms of the business itself, its leadership and the products that we're offering to our clients, I'm very confident in our performance in that area.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. Regarding the second question and third-party service costs, we don't really parse the number in the way that you've suggested. But we had strong growth, as we said in our prepared remarks, in the media business, no question, as well as experiential. Both of those businesses do come with those third-party service costs as part of the business. Certainly, a reference back to Tim's question regarding clients and the flexibility that they're looking for, they're certainly looking for a full suite of products from a media perspective and a wide range of marketing services that they'll avail themselves of. And our service offering can cover all of those things that they're looking for. So some of that growth certainly is in media, experiential, field marketing as well, but we had strong growth through most of our disciplines in the quarter, and we're certainly happy with those results.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you. I have two for you, John. One is, as you've referenced before, you've had a very strong year in the media business. You've taken a lot of big wins. Can you talk a bit about what's changed for the positioning of that business? What do you think are the factors driving some of these big wins that you've had versus your competitors? And secondly, I have you asked in the past about acquisition opportunities. Given now maybe the fall in kind of the pressures in venture capital land and the higher rates, talk a bit about the pipeline opportunity you see to kind of buy more companies in '24 and then kind of your willingness to do that in '24. Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. I think the success of the media operation is down, one, to management of that specific operation. We've expanded the suite of services that we make available to clients in the media area. It is, of all of our services, probably one of the most measurable in terms of when we utilize the data and the amount of data that we have, we're able to optimize for the benefit of the client how they spend their money, improve it. So there's a great deal of analytics that are there today that weren't even possible four or five years ago. And I think, well, I do know this to be true. We have a reputation of delivering on what we promised when we're pitching for business. And I dare say we have the best reputation in the industry of delivering what we promise. And that has benefited us through this process.
Phil Angelastro: Do you want to comment first on M&A? And then I'll add.
John Wren: Sure. Yes, we've always had -- the M&A pipeline remains very strong for us. We have a team that's constantly looking at opportunities. They have to meet all of our internal criteria. It would have to typically be something that's additive to the portfolio of services that we offer our clients. If it's something that we can build and is expensive, we've steered away from it in the past, and we've been pretty consistent about that in the last -- at least the 26 years that I've been the CEO. But there are opportunities, and some of them are in areas that we've had on our list for a very long period of time that looked more reasonable than they did when the interest rate was zero.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think that what we've seen certainly is that sellers' expectations have kind of adjusted to the marketplace and to the macro environment that we're dealing with. So strategically, there are some opportunities out there that we've been looking at, some of which we completed in the third quarter, that have been more attractive than they certainly were not that long ago.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. I've got a few questions. I'll maybe just go one at a time to make it easier. Can you just talk a little bit further about the tone of conversations with your clients as they say what their thoughts are on a preliminary basis for 2024, at this stage, maybe versus what the conversations were like roughly six months ago?
John Wren: I think, well, there's still a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace because of all the things we talked about and in previous answers in our prepared remarks. Having said that, clients are pretty sophisticated, and they know that, no matter what the difficulties are, they have to continue to support their brands because if they don't, when the good times return, they'll have a much more difficult time regaining or maintaining their market share. So as we look at clients in '24 -- '23 was a tough year for many sectors. And that's why we referenced a couple of times earlier the tech sector. I would say, in my opinion, '23 was the first time in the tech sector had to face readjusting its business. And people, earlier in the year, went through massive layoffs and cutbacks of their own staffing, which they hadn't had any experience in their history of even needing to do. It was pure growth prior to this year. That's behind them now. They're a lot more experienced than they once were as we look forward. So clients aren't -- they know we're not through all the hurdles that exist out there, but they're confident that their brands and their positioning from their companies, they've taken a lot of pain and they're positioned well to go into the future.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly, a lot's -- it's been an odd year. Certainly, a lot has changed, especially if you compare things to the last six months. But as we were going into '23, about a year ago, most of the conversations were about was there a recession coming, was it likely. And I think 12 months ago, it was more likely to happen in the first half, then it changed to more likely to happen in the second half. It's kind of been happening in slow motion. So the recent events in the Middle East certainly have changed things versus six months ago. But, yes, I would echo John's comments in terms of our view on '24 and client sentiment, they know they need to continue to invest in their brands. And I think that's been proven certainly throughout the cohort period.
John Wren: And you can't forget that, if you go back a year, interest rates were quite different for everyone. And sure, there's been a lot of sudden changes as the Fed has increased rates, and it takes people a bit of time to adjust what they're doing to those changing environments. But I think at this point -- everyone thinks -- they don't know when it's going to reverse itself, but they're adjusting to the current environment, and they don't think they're facing the same headwind in areas like that going forward. So again, it just adds to the confidence.
Craig Huber: Thank you for that. My second question, if I could, on a pricing, apples-to-apples pricing, for your clients, just in aggregate for your company for this year. How do you sort of think about it, your 3.5% to 5% organic growth target for the year, with 5% being a stretch target? How much should we think about that pricing in terms of maybe basis points as adding to that? Is it roughly 100 basis points from pricing on apples-to-apples basis, not just upselling but pricing on apples-to-apples basis, that you're increasing prices in your contracts and stuff? And where that number is roughly for this year, at a 3.5% to 5% target for this year, how does that compare to prior years? I'm trying to get at this because it's obviously a higher inflation environment.
John Wren: Sure. I don't think we've recovered completely the inflation that we faced. When you look at this, from Western Europe, US and then emerging markets, inflation has been more severe. We haven't had some pricing flexibility but not to the extent of how fast inflation has risen. Now we're hoping that inflation has stabilized, and we'll start to enjoy the benefits of that. The other thing which impacts our business is actually an account the day you win it, the next 90 days is probably the least profitable time that you'll have that account because you're ramping up staff and you're changing organizations in order to accommodate and not drop any balls as the business has passed from one of our competitors to us. So that has some kind -- that has an impact not on unit pricing but on the overall costs that we face as we adjust and staff up for these events. More precise than that, I can't really be. I don't have any hard data which supports specific areas in the company. One of the reasons, though, that we've been able to expand our base in offshore and near-shore markets for more of the functions that we have to fulfill in order to complete our job, we've gotten better at that. We've grown the staff from -- we've doubled it in this past year. And I think in my comments we've said that we expect that to grow two to three times over the next 24 months because we have the infrastructure now to accommodate that growth. That gives us a bit of relief on the inflation that we haven't been able to pass on to our clients, so by doing things differently.
Craig Huber: And my final question, if I could just see if everybody has questions on this project-related work in the fourth quarter. Historically, maybe the range is $200 million to $250 million in the fourth quarter. I'm curious, embedded in your 3.5% to 5% organic growth number for the year target, what are you guys assuming for project-related work in the fourth quarter versus the year-ago number? Is that roughly flat, on the bottom end of your 3.5% to 5% number? How should we think about that?
Phil Angelastro: We don't really have a number, Craig. I think certainly, every one of our businesses has some expectations regarding project work in the fourth quarter. The key for us is, when we meet with them, ensuring they're not keeping staff on hand hoping to get new business as we head into the fourth quarter and then the cost structure is out of whack with their expected revenues. They need to have some historical analysis, and we've got plenty of that in order for our agencies to have certain amounts of project spend in their forecast. But typically, they're incentivized to benefit from capturing that year-end project spend. And our clients, by and large, want to spend the rest of their budget and grow their businesses through the end of the year. So those factors typically help us and help our clients to get to the point where we can capture a significant amount of that spend. But we don't have a hard and fast number. Blank percent of the $200 million to $250 million is in the forecast, but certainly, some of it in the forecast. But we're pretty conservative about how much our agencies can put in their forecasts because the last thing we want is people to be hiring ahead of the revenue or keeping people around that don't necessarily have anything to do if the revenue doesn't come through. That's a pretty consistent practice we followed for quite some time.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you, Phil and John. I appreciate that.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our second quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, we've posted a press release along with the presentation covering the information we'll review today, as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we've included at the end of our Investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2022 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John and then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the line for your questions. And I will now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to share our second quarter results. Organic growth was a solid 3.4% for the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Adjusted operating income margin was also in line with our expectations at 15.1%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $1.81, up 7.7% versus the comparable amount in 2022. On a constant currency basis, the increase was 8.9%. Our cash flow continues to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions, and share repurchases. And our liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong. We are pleased with our financial results for the quarter and first-half and are increasing our full-year organic growth target to 3.5% to 5%, and maintaining our 15% to 15.4% operating margin target. Phil will cover our results in more detail during his remarks. Operationally, we had a very successful quarter. We made significant progress on our AI strategy by adding generative of AI to Omni, our market-leading technology platform and entering into significant first-of-a-kind technology partnerships. We enhanced our capabilities and management team in e-commerce and retail media, solidified our position as the Most Creative Holding Company in the world at Cannes and completed a couple of important strategic acquisitions. While we have engaged in AI for over decades, generative AI will have a profound effect on our industry and Omnicom. We are quickly embracing the technology as we see massive opportunities to boost the productivity of our people and deliver better work to our clients. As with any new technology, we're working closely with our clients to take advantage of the benefits, while being mindful of its limitations, risks, and privacy concerns. We have a significant competitive advantage in harnessing the power of generative AI through our open operating system Omni. For over a decade, we've invested in the development of Omni. Today, more than 50,000 people use the platform in over 100 countries and it has over 1 billion IDs globally with data from first, second and third-parties. Generative AI will turbocharge Omni users by helping them harness deploy and activate this rich set of data. The open architecture of Omni makes it feasible for us to quickly adapt Generative AI models from our key tech partners in a scalable, reliable, and secure environment. Equally important, our clients remain in control of their first-party data. In June, at the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity, we announced the launch of Omni 3.0, the next-generation operating system for Omni where every experience will be powered by generative AI. The experience is delivered through Omni Assist and is the result of our partnership with Microsoft, which allowed us to be one of the first companies to be given full access to their ChatGPT model. Omni Assist is a custom-trained enterprise-level Omnicom proprietary version of ChatGPT that enhances every task within Omni including research, creating, planning, and executing marketing campaigns. Omni Assist will give our agency teams the power to do their jobs more efficiently and focus on high-impact work for our clients. Following the launch of Omni 3.0, we unveiled several other collaborations with Cannes that will introduce generative AI capabilities directly to our creative work. The first was Google Marketing Cloud, which offered us the unique access to Vertex AI platform and Imagen. Imagen is a text to image model with copyright protections built-in, enabling agency and client teams to accelerate the content development process for marketing campaigns. Next, we announced, we were the first holding company to have access to Adobe's Firefly creative generative AI models. Combining these models with Omni data, we will be able to embed the power of Firefly into our clients' ecosystems to generate automated content in a brand's unique style and language. Finally, we shared our first-mover collaboration with Amazon Web Services. Pairing Omnicom's open operating system with AWS’ generative AI services will enable the automation of advertising campaigns and the creative journey development on behalf of our brands. These collaborations feed directly into Omni and will accelerate our generative AI capabilities. Also announced at Cannes, we further expanded and strengthened our e-commerce and retail media capabilities by launching Omni Commerce, the industry's first connected commerce and orchestration solution. Omni Commerce provides a single standardized and customizable view of the commerce journey. With the retail media landscape becoming increasingly fragmented, Omni Commerce helps our clients harness the full power of retail media with a holistic view of their ROI. In June, we announced the appointment of Jacquelyn Baker as CEO of the Omnicom Commerce Group. Jacquelyn succeed Sophie Daranyi, who is stepping down to pursue consultancy and non-profit opportunities. With over 20-years of commerce and brand-building experience, Jacquelyn has an established track record of driving innovation within the commerce landscape. While we have made substantial progress with Omni and generative AI, it's critically important to note that AI can never replace the inspiration and genius that comes from our people and their creativity. These technological advances will simply make it easier and faster for them to develop and deploy creative ideas. That's why I'm especially pleased we are recognized as the Most Creative Company in the world at the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity. Omnicom agencies for more than 40 countries won over 175 Lions throughout the week. Two of our creative networks, DDB and BBDO placed in the top three in the Network of the Year competition with DDB coming in first and BBDO coming in third. We continue to invest in our global creative capabilities. In early July, we announced the acquisition of German-based Grabarz & Partner, a world-class creative agency headquartered in Hamburg. Grabarz has been named to prestigious industry list such as Cannes Lions, Top Ten Independent Agencies of the Decade, and Campaign U.K.'s The World’s Leading Independent Agencies. Following the announcement of Grabarz and together with certain management changes we recently made [Indiscernible] Germany's leading trade magazine noted Omnicom has significantly strengthened its position in the world's fourth largest advertising market. Also in July, we expanded our media services through the acquisition of Ptarmigan Media, headquartered in London with several offices around the world. Ptarmigan is a specialist agency providing end-to-end media and marketing solutions to financial services brands. The agency's capability within the Omnicom Media Group will enable an unprecedented and singular depth of financial service industry and media planning and buying expertise. Overall, we're very pleased with our first-half financial results and our progress in key strategic initiatives. While we remain optimistic for the second-half of the year, we continue to plan cautiously given the number of uncertainties in the macroeconomic environment. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John. As you just heard, we had a solid quarter and first-half of the year, and we are on track with our expectations for both revenue growth and operating margin. Let's now go into some more detail on our results. Starting with the summary income statement for the second quarter on slide three, reported revenue increased by 1.5% and by 3.4% organically. Reported operating income increased by 1.7% and operating margin was 15.3%. Reported net income in Q2 increased by 5.1% and our Q2 diluted earnings per share was up 8.3% on a reported basis. During the quarter, we recognized a gain of approximately $79 million on the disposition of our research businesses, which were included in our execution and support discipline. And we also incurred repositioning costs of approximately $72.5 million related to severance. We have also included slide nine in the deck, which summarizes our reported results alongside our non-GAAP adjusted results, which exclude the net impact of $6.5 million pretax from these two items. We'll review that analysis in a few minutes. Let's now turn to revenues on slide four. Our organic growth in the second quarter was 3.4%, which brings our year-to-date organic growth rate to 4.3%. The impact from foreign currency translation only reduced reported revenue by 0.7%, compared to a reduction of over 3% in Q1 2023. And if rates stay where they are currently, we estimate the impact of foreign currency translation will be a benefit of approximately 1.5% for Q3 and Q4 and close to flat for the year. The impact of acquisition and disposition revenue was negative 1.5%, primarily reflecting the sale-in Q2 of our research businesses. We expect a similar reduction of 1.5% for the balance of the year, although acquisitions we had recently completed will moderate this somewhat. Now let's turn to slide five to review our organic revenue growth by discipline. During the second quarter, advertising, and media, similar to Q1 of ‘23 posted 5.1% growth, driven by strength in our media business. Precision marketing grew 2.3%, certainly clients, especially those in the tech and telecom industries, have become more cautious with their spending as reflected in our tech consulting and transformation agencies. This also reflects in part the business coming off a strong 21% growth comp last year. We expect our investments in generative AI will naturally benefit this discipline and we expect growth in this discipline to accelerate in the future. Commerce and brand consulting grew by 2.4%, driven primarily by our branding and design consulting agencies. Experiential growth was 9.2%, driven by strong results in Europe and France in particular, as well as China for clients in the automotive and luxury categories. Execution and support revenue fell 3.8%, due primarily to declines in our merchandising and field marketing agencies. Public relations was flat in Q2, coming off a 16% growth comp last year, which reflected the benefit of some revenue from the U.S. election cycle that wasn't present this year. Finally, healthcare performance was solid at 3% and our outlook for this discipline remains very good over time. Turning to slide six, we once again grew organically in every region globally. Notably, there was strong growth in Asia Pacific, led by China, which had the benefit of easier comps, due to the lockdowns in Q2 of 2022. Looking at the revenue by industry sector on slide seven. Compared to the second quarter of 2022, we had a high relative weights in food and beverage, pharma, and health and automotive, offset by lower relative weights in technology and telecom. Other categories were relatively stable. Turning to slide eight, which is our Operating Expense Detail, you can see a more granular view of our operating expense levels. Slide 16 in the appendix also shows these expenses on a constant dollar basis. Salary-related service costs were again down as percentage of revenues year-over-year. We saw reductions driven by some of our repositioning actions and through changes in our global employee mix. Third-party service costs increased due to an increase in organic revenue, particularly in proprietary media and events. These costs include third-party supplier costs when we act as principal in providing services to our clients. They are an integral part of our service offering to our clients and we generated profit on them. Third-party incidental costs, which we began breaking out separately last quarter, decreased a bit compared to the prior year. These costs primarily consist of client related travel and incidental out of pocket costs that we build back to clients directly at our cost at no profit. Occupancy and other costs were up slightly in dollar terms, but flat as a percentage of revenue. As discussed last quarter, we saw increased occupancy costs associated with higher levels of in office work offset by lower rent from the reductions in our real estate portfolio in the first quarter of 2023. SG&A expenses decreased in both dollar terms and as a percentage of revenue, due primarily to lower professional fees. Now let's turn to slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, this is a clear presentation which summarizes our reported and non-GAAP adjusted results for both the three and six months ended June 30th. As a reminder, the non-GAAP adjusted amounts in the second quarter of 2023 include a gain of approximately $79 million on the disposition of our research businesses, as well as repositioning costs of approximately $72.5 million related to severance or a net impact of $6.5 million pretax. Operating income was up 1.7% on a reported basis and up 50 basis points on a non-GAAP adjusted basis. The related operating income margins were 15.3% and 15.1%, respectively both of which were close to flat with the operating income margin of 15.2% from the second quarter of 2022. For the full-year, we're comfortable with the expected range of our operating income margin of between 15% and 15.4%. Net interest expense was $27.4 million for the quarter, a reduction of $12.7 million primarily from higher levels of interest income, compared to Q2 of 2022, given comparable higher short-term investing rates were in place in the second-half of 2022. The second-half of 2023, we expect that net interest expense will be flat to up slightly relative to the second-half of 2022. Our reported income tax rate was 27%. The non-GAAP adjusted tax rate, excluding the gain, the repositioning costs, and the related taxes was 26.3%. We still expect a rate of 27% for the balance of the year. Reported net income in Q2 increased by 5.1%, and non-GAAP adjusted net income increased by 4.7%. Our diluted earnings per share was up 8.3% on a reported basis and up 7.7% on a non-GAAP adjusted basis. Year-to-date reported diluted EPS is up 16.3% and up 9.4% on a non-GAAP adjusted basis. This diluted EPS growth was also driven by lower shares outstanding resulting in share repurchases. Slide 10 shows our cash flow performance so far this year. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in operating capital, which historically we expect to be neutral for the year. Free cash flow for the second quarter of 2023 was $880 million, an increase of 14.7% from last year. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $285 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $32 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures were $40 million. Acquisition payments were $55 million, excluding net proceeds from dispositions of approximately $180 million. A stock repurchase activity, net of proceeds from stock plans, continued in the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date amount to $506 million. Slide 11 is a summary of credit, liquidity, and debt maturities. At the end of the second quarter of 2023, the book value of our outstanding debt was $5.6 billion. There were no changes in outstanding balances during the quarter other than foreign exchange translations. Our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program, remains undrawn and our cash equivalents and short-term investments were $2.8 billion. Our next debt maturity is not until November of 2024. Slide 12 presents our historical returns on two key metrics for the 12-months ended June 30th 2023. We generated a return on invested capital of 22% and a return on equity of 46%. These metrics are a strong reflection of the strength of our business and our conservative capital structure. Slide 13 is the summary of all our recent technology partnership announcements. As a reminder, our historical development of Omni, our current investments in technology and services that prepare our business for the future are largely reflected in our operating income. We expect to continue to grow our revenues, improve our operations, return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while we manage with the current economic environment. And as John discussed, continue to prepare for a dynamic future. Operator, please open the lines up for question-and-answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll start with Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Thanks, good afternoon. One for John and one for Phil. John, as you noted in your opening comments, Omnicom has always had a really strong position on the creative side of the business, especially with your global networks. And I wonder, do you think that generative AI even lowers that [Technical Difficulty] advantage or brings new entrants into this industry? So I guess, I know you feel is a positive outcome, but we're worried about competition or just people breaking up and doing it on their own. And Phil, any help on the repositioning charge? What is that related to? Is this the end of it for the year? And what type of incremental benefit do we see in the margins from these actions? Thanks.
John Wren: Technology will impact every aspect of our business, I believe. When you stay focused on the best and the brightest and used to call them creators, we now call them knowledge workers, they're always going to be what differentiates companies like ours from everyone else. I don't think that the technology is simply there to make it simpler and faster to gain insights from which creative ideas will be generated. So will it have an impact? Yes, of course, over a period of time. But it won't -- we won't reduce the importance of creativity to the IP of Omnicom.
Phil Angelastro: As far as the second question, Michael, the repositioning charge primarily almost substantially related to severance actions that we took to get our cost structure in line with our revenue expectations for the year. We were pretty aggressive in trying to make sure that we made the appropriate changes that we thought we needed to make. Some of it was a swap out of skills and some of it was a realignment of the cost structures to be more conservative in the forecast for the balance of the year. We don't expect the level that we experienced in Q1 and Q2 as far as repositioning in the second half. But Roe is going to continue to look at the business to balance the cost base with revenue expectations as those change. Could that change in the second half? Not likely, but we're always going to be looking at the cost base pretty aggressively, especially in the uncertain times we're in right now. As far as margins go, our expectations are still where they were at the beginning of the year. We expect to be within the range of 15% to 15.4% that we talked about back in February. We don't have any reason to change that as far as the full-year margins go. So we're still expecting that. We're making quite a few investments as came through on the prepared remarks with respect to GenAI and others. And as you know, for us, most of those investments run through the P&L as opposed to through large acquisitions. So, our expectations haven't changed as far as margins for the year.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks, Phil. Thanks, John.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of David Karnovsky with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Thanks. John, I wanted to see if you could just give any additional context around the organic guide. I think in May, you framed it as comfort with 3% and 5% as stretch. Would you now sort of put it similarly with sort of 3.5% as a point of comfort and 5% still as a stretch?
John Wren: Yes, I would. I'd say, I couldn't answer it any better than you asked it based upon known uncertainties out there. And for those of you who have been following us for a long time, there's always budget flush and projects in the fourth quarter, which are not our focus at the moment, but we'll increasingly become focused as we get into and out of the summer. And just as a bit of color, I think in the last 22-years, I think I can only recall two years where that project revenue didn't come through. But there were -- the years that, that occurred where -- when there was economic uncertainty to the level that is potentially there for the balance of this year.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then I think a couple of months back, you mentioned some clients pausing, but not necessarily cutting their digital transformation work maybe as a reaction to GenAI. I wanted to see if you could just update on that and how clients are approaching some of these larger projects?
John Wren: Yes. I mean, I think -- if you look at, I think, a chart, it's probably number seven, which outlines and compares our revenue by industry, I think Phil mentioned this in his comments, where we saw the biggest pause was really in our tech sector and in our telecommunications sector. We didn't lose any clients in those areas, but they went through some pretty severe restructurings of their own during the first-half and they were conservative about most of our costs. If I have to make a general statement, since the beginning of the year, CEOs have been looking for flexibility. They haven't -- they're not walking away from their commitments. And PepsiCo even mentioned earlier today in its conference call that it was increasing its spending. So, I believe we're in a very good place, a sound place. But as certain clients suffer, we'll go along for a bit of the ride. But we haven't lost anything. We've been winning business. So that helps us as well.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good afternoon. John, if you guys are successful with AI, what would we see in your reported results over the longer--term on a maybe a three to five year basis? Is this an organic growth driver from a top line point of view? Is it a productivity and margin opportunity, including outsourcing? And you can't say all of the above, but would love to get your thoughts on sort of what success looks like here.
John Wren: Ben, you stole it from me. That's I was going to say and all of the above. Certainly, productivity, for sure…
Ben Swinburne: Yes.
John Wren: …because naturally, it will make the gathering of data and the refinement of data, which leads to better insights in a much more rapid, labor-less intensive way. In terms of our growth, I believe that for the last several years, increasingly, we're able to prove to the client the ROI of a dollar spent. And so as a result of that productivity and with the complexity that will come with all the questions, which will surround how we use generative AI in various markets given different laws and different regulations, our ability to navigate that -- those markets, those issues, increased efficiency and effectiveness and improvements in our ability to measure the benefit of a dollar spent, I believe will lead to increased organic growth over the near and long-term.
Ben Swinburne: That's helpful. And then if I could just ask you guys a follow-up. You talked about a pause in spending, particularly in tech and telecom. And I think we're all probably a little bit surprised to see the Precision Marketing number this quarter. But advertising & media, your biggest revenue source, was one of your fastest-growing. I guess, I'm just curious, like, why do you think clients continue to spend there and are pulling back in areas that, I don't know, I would have thought maybe some of this business transformation stuff would have been more sticky than on the advertising side? I don't know if maybe it's -- there's more nuance there. But just would love your thoughts on the continued strength in media versus the softness we're seeing in some of the other areas we thought of as growth areas or think of as growth areas.
John Wren: I might address that in the reverse of how you posed it.
Ben Swinburne: Sure.
John Wren: First, in terms of Precision Marketing, we expect it to continue to grow. It is a core long-term part of our business. And what you saw what really happened in the first part of the year is that you take a Facebook, which cut 20,000 jobs. If you are the CEO of that company cutting 20,000 jobs, you can't let everything else go on in a normal sense. Plus, -- and I'm not picking on Facebook, I'm just using it as an example or a proxy for the rest of the industry. As you do that, you disrupt your own company for a very short period of time. They've been able to recover pretty quickly. Well, as you do that, the people that you -- who have been working on certain projects, pause, change, may have different bosses and there might be a pause and a reevaluation. What's key is not that because we're a service company, so we'll succeed with our clients and we'll suffer with our clients. The beauty of Omnicom is its depth of its client base and the geographic base in which we operate. But we can't expect everything to remain constant for us as companies go through whatever level of reorganization they have to go through. So that's really that. The media wins and media -- in the back of last year, if you take 2022, our media group won more new business than the rest of the industry. And that winning streak continues. We only -- that 800, we don't expect 1,000. And so that's why you see the continued strength in that area.
Ben Swinburne: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Maybe first just, John, on the slowdown in U.S. organic, I think it was kind of mid-2% in the second quarter. It was about 5% in the first quarter. Is that kind of entirely attributable to that weakness that you called out in tech and telecom since you suggested that you didn't really have any meaningful account losses? Or is there anything else going on in the U.S. market that we should be attuned to that might kind of lead into the way we look out for the back half of the year? And then, Phil, I just wanted to be really clear on the margin guide, the 15.1% to 15.4%. I think on the last call, you ended by saying that you were comfortable at the top-end of the range. You did say that now you're going to have some generative AI investments this year. So I want to just see if it's still realistic that you'd be at the top-end of that range, closer to 15.4%. And should we exclude some of the repositioning charges from that guidance? Thank you.
John Wren: Okay. Probably one of the things -- it's hard to project or to forecast. But in the area -- in the U.S., in events and entertainment type of events, we had a reduction in the quarter of that sector of 9.1%. So even though I pointed to those two areas it's because it's very evident when you look at our presentation materials. But I would never say always, only, or never. That's just one of the areas which dragged our growth down a little bit in the U.S.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, more growth outside the U.S. and events overall down a little bit in the U.S. specifically, which had an impact. And then on top of that, the Precision Marketing reduction certainly was impacted by the tech and telecom clients that had dialed back some spending in that area. And then on -- let me just address the margin comment. I think, overall, in terms of our outlook for the year, nothing has really changed. I think we've always been conservative about those projections. And certainly, we're always trying to find the right balance in terms of the appropriate sustainable growth, making the investments we need to make to support that long-term sustainable growth and find the right balance for the margins to deliver to shareholders. So, those are all part of the equation. I don't think our overall expectations for the year from a margin perspective have changed. But we're certainly not going to get ahead of ourselves halfway through the year when there's still some uncertainty around the second half out there.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Alright. Thanks. I'd like to come back to the generative AI topic, please, on your Slide 13. And John, you ran through a number of these names. It's practically a who's who of big tech companies that you're partnering with. I wonder if you could fill us in a little bit more on what it is about the Omni platform that makes it attractive to these kinds of companies. And it looks like these are largely creative efforts. I wonder if you could speak if there's other components in terms of media planning and buying functionality as part of these? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. There's slightly different reasons associated with each one of these partnerships, but a central theme is we did -- we do have the Omni platform, which does service and we have it deployed to over 50,000 people around the world. So that makes us attractive. Our open architecture is key to why I think we were considered and given the opportunities we were given with these companies. Because connecting to them, enhancing in how their products will be utilized, being flexible across a large number of clients using different types of systems or different applications, that open architecture means that we're not protecting a base and then trying to ingest something very new. We were established from the very, very start to operate in an environment that we couldn't predict what was going to change or what was going to come. But we wanted to build in the flexibility in the architecture that we developed. So that whatever came along, it would be very simple to discard what was no longer useful and to incorporate what was going to be meaningful. So I think those are the key items that put us to the front of the queue with many of these companies. I fully expect that as they get further along down the road with their products that they're going to open their apertures up to others in the industry, that won't come as a surprise. But the platform, that Omni platform, I know you hear us talking about it a lot, but I can't explain enough the value of the open architecture and the fact that we have complete flexibility and -- as the primary reason. Also, these tech companies know that we take very seriously transparency and we look to be a leader in privacy, which are all concerns of these organizations as their products maybe get questioned by legislations and governments. You see it in threats that people are perceiving to employment in certain industries. The fact that we're hypersensitive to that and always have been hypersensitive to that also makes us an attractive partner to do business with.
Tim Nollen: Great. And in terms of the functions you'll be performing with them, again, a lot of them seem like efforts to improve creativity. Could you talk a little bit more about like the cleanroom technologies or the -- some of the delivery data that you're speaking about in the slide here, a bit more on what beyond using generative AI for creative functions.
John Wren: Yes, sure. And thank you for that question, because I didn't include something in my answer that I should have. Also, this is philosophical and would hand over heart and know that we do it 100% of the time. When we ingest client’s first-party data and then enrich it with the second-party and third-party data we have, that data remains the data of our clients. We don't take and reuse or resell that data is exclusively theirs. And that's, in effect, what we're doing in the cleanrooms. It's a simplification, but that's what we're doing. And clients -- the more sophisticated clients, are increasingly attracted to that guarantee. And so that's also a terribly important element of why we are considered. And there's even a major supplier here or a partner that hadn't opened up to -- opened up their cleanrooms to anyone, but to us. And as a result of our -- this partnership, we pointed that out again to them but at a very high level. And we're now doing cleanrooms with them. But even though it seems like it is focused on creativity or creative products, but there's a lot awful -- and that's why it gets mentioned in the short descriptions that we provided in our presentation, but it goes much deeper than that because many of the products that we're embedding and looking to incorporate in what we offer to clients are really driving efficiencies. And we'll be creating APIs for CRM, for commerce, for PR, across the board.
Tim Nollen: Yes. That helps a lot. Thanks, John.
John Wren: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. John, curious, can you talk a little bit further about the tone of business out there, the tone of the client conversations that you're having here in the U.S. and Europe and how that may or may not have changed versus going into the start of this year, please?
John Wren: Sure. Well, I think I've seen that has been constant so far throughout the year is clients wanting to create flexibility. That doesn't mean that they want to cut back at all on their spend, but they want to have the flexibility to react. So they're not committing. You see it primarily in the media area where clients held back in terms of their upfront and preserved their rights to enter into the scatter markets as we get later into the year. It's not an election year so they know that inventory will probably be available. But I'm in over my head with that last statement because I have experts who can speak much more eloquently about that than I can. But it's that preservation of flexibility that has been a constant theme throughout the year. COVID, all the negative impacts of COVID for most sophisticated large companies was a pretty easy time, because there was a lot of governmental support throughout the world so people could make commitments. With that gone, as it should be, people have had to adjust their businesses in various ways depending on the industry that you're in. And the consumer is -- still has money to spend, but you see changes in behavior. You see the travel industry going through the roof because everybody probably was locked up for three years. And you see conservatism in maybe some other spending. So we watch that as every one of our clients do. And we look to see what our clients are doing as signals about how we should adjust our own portfolio and services.
Craig Huber: Then my follow-up question, John, can you just touch on wins and losses out there for Omnicom in the first-half of the year? And just what is your characterization of the amount of accounts that are up for review that you're willing to talk about first half of the year? Is it slower than normal? Is it above the average? Is it about the same as you've seen historically? What's sort of going on out there in your view because the trade press clearly is not picking up as much as they used to?
John Wren: No, they're not because the world is a lot more complex. And many of the reviews that go on are closed reviews. We've been fortunate in that we continue to bat I think above average and that's a standard that's expected here. We've had very, very few losses and we've had quite a number of gains. And especially in the area of media, that continues. PR, the -- if you see slowness year-over-year is principally because a section of our business is dedicated to elections and to government activity. And so that happens every cycle. So it just continues this year, but we continue to win business as we sit here today. CRM remains strong even though we may suffer with a client or two as that client suffers. But now in terms of looking out and forward for the balance of the year, there are a number of pitches which are pretty enticing and exciting for us, and we're hoping to be successful in all but a very few number of cases. They're offensive for Omnicom. They're not defensive. So we're very secure in our base of revenue and what we can expect. And we'll invest whatever new business funds we have to invest in to try to continue to outpace others in terms of our ability to win.
Craig Huber: And John, if I could just sneak in one more about the two ongoing strikes in Hollywood. If this drags on for a number of more months here and stuff, and people start to look at what their ad budgets for traditional television, et cetera, some streaming stuff that's up with the change in the content not being as good as before. Do you -- can you make a case that could actually be a positive for Omnicom in your industry as it adds further complexity of your customers would need, say, more handholding for Omnicom and figure out what they do in that sort of environment, sort of unknowable and stuff? And how do you view that?
John Wren: Yes. I kind of view it that I hope this ends more quickly than it's being predicted to end. But we remain completely agnostic to any form of media. And with the technology and the database and the collection of information that we have married with clients' first-party data, we're able to create other ways to attract audiences. If one road closes down even temporarily, we know how to go down the other road. Hope that answers your question.
Craig Huber: Okay. Great. Thank you, John. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: There's so much hype out there about generative AI. I'd just like to ask a basic sort of calibration question. Let's say, five years from now, what percent of your revenues do you think would be using generative AI roughly?
John Wren: I think the last guy to do five year plans was [Indiscernible]. We're responding with AI as if our hair were on fire. But companies are complex and change at various paces, not always at the cutting edge of what's available to them. Digital transformation, which started in the mid-90s, it's still going on to a lesser extent than maybe it was. But -- so I wouldn't -- I haven't even given a thought about how to answer your question. We're acting that we want to be leaders in this area. We want to be in a unique position to offer to clients and potential clients the best technology, the best tools that can be offered in the marketplace at any given time. And we know that if we're providing a premium service, we can expect to be paid fairly for that. And that's about as much as my five year plan says. But I do.
Jason Bazinet: Okay. Thanks.
John Wren: I don't spend a second worrying about the past. I only spend time learning about the present and the future, but not quite that far out. I can probably give you a pretty good guess at the second quarter of next year, but I won't.
Jason Bazinet: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-18 11:10:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our first quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, we have posted a press release along with the presentation covering the information we will review today as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today’s call concludes. Before we start, I would like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements represent our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2022 Form 10-K. During the course of today’s call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. After our prepared remarks, we will open the line for your questions. I will now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased to share our first quarter results. As we discussed on our last call, we entered 2023 extremely confident in our strategic and financial position. I am pleased to report that for the first 3 months of the year, we met our internal revenue and margin targets. Organic growth in the first quarter was 5.2%. Our growth was broad-based across disciplines, geographic regions and client sectors. Advertising and media, precision marketing and public relations were the largest contributors in the quarter. Adjusted operating profit margin for the quarter was 13.5%. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $1.56, up 12.2% versus non-GAAP adjusted EPS for Q1 2022. Our cash flow and balance sheet remain very strong and support our primary uses of free cash flow, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. We are pleased with our results for the quarter and remain on track to achieve our full year targets of 3% to 5% organic growth and 15% to 15.4% operating margin. Strategically, we continue to invest in our creative leadership with TBWA’s recent acquisition of Dark Horses, a London-based award-winning sports marketing agency. Dark Horses operates in a high-growth area and works with a strong roster of global clients and influential sports organizations. While creativity remains a core part of our culture and organization, we continue to be recognized for our integrated suite of services across precision marketing, data, e-commerce and other disciplines. Most recently, our capabilities were highlighted by Ad Age who named us their 2023 Holding Company of the Year. The publication noted that while still creative, Omnicom is a data-driven powerhouse, enabling marketers to transform their businesses using capabilities in e-commerce, consumer experience management, CRM and more. Our ability to deliver increasingly specialized integrated services enables us to expand the work we do for our clients and remained a trusted adviser to them. In fact, in 2022, 100 of our largest clients were served on average by more than 50 of our agencies across different disciplines and geographies. As we move ahead, we continue to look for ways to strengthen our portfolio through acquisitions and investments in high-growth areas such as precision marketing, healthcare, e-commerce, media and PR as well as in our core creative services. I’d like to now turn to how we are approaching the new way our people work, which has resulted in changes in our real estate. We created a plan that underlies our belief that our physical offices play a critical role in maintaining culture, inspiring creativity and innovation and promoting professional development. Our approach also recognizes that providing flexibility creates benefits for the health and well-being of our people. With this in mind, we recently announced we are requiring our people to work in our offices a minimum 3 days a week. In practice, many of our agencies are already at or well ahead of this requirement. Many are working a full week in the office. Based on this plan, during the quarter, we made a decision to exit over 1.6 million square feet of office space around the world. Since 2018, we reduced our office footprint by 35%, while our employee headcount has increased by approximately 4,000. We are also experimenting with different approaches to make it easier for our people to return to the office. One example is in the New York metro area, where we are opening 3 satellite offices in Long Island, Connecticut and New Jersey. We are also opening new Omnicom campuses in three cities in India. Chennai, Gurgaon and Hyderabad as the number of employees in India, continues to grow at a significant pace. Phil will cover the financial impact of our real estate actions during his remarks. Going forward, we continue to invest in new modern workplaces that provide the type of environments most effective for collaboration and in-office work. We are also rapidly charting a path of how we use new technologies for the future of work. In the area of generative AI through our large-scale relationship with Microsoft, we have established a dedicated Azure environment with secure enterprise access to the latest OpenAI GPT model. This unique setup is allowing us to responsibly develop new custom and version control models against various use cases within Omni as well as supporting overall automation and transformation efforts. The development includes careful consideration related to all aspects of generative AI from confidentiality to intellectual property rights, privacy, biases and ethics. In conclusion, we are pleased with how the year has started and remain on track to meet the targets we have set for the year. At the same time, we remain cautious as to how inflation, interest rates, the war in Ukraine, increasing tensions in the Middle East and the recent banking and credit events in the United States could impact the economy and our operations. Many of these risks have been evident for quite some time and we have developed plans to appropriately respond to any potential headwinds and minimize the effect on our financial performance. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the financials. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John. 2023 is off to a solid start in what remains an uncertain year. All of our disciplines and geographies grew organically in the first quarter and we continue to invest in our operations and took strategic steps to reduce our real estate footprint. And we continued our balanced capital allocation, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. Let’s begin with a high-level review of the quarter on Slide 3. As John mentioned, the transition to a flexible working environment with a hybrid model, which allows for partial remote work has resulted in changes to our real estate strategy and we made the decision to exit certain leases and reduce our office space. While there will be some investments we will be making in existing and new locations, the net impact over time will result in lower rent and occupancy cost. In the first quarter of 2023, we took a charge of $119 million related to this reduction in our office lease portfolio. The charge is primarily related to the non-cash impairment of a portion of our operating lease right-of-use assets and the write-off of the net book value of leasehold improvements at the affected locations. As a result, rent and occupancy expense will be reduced in the future and substantially all of the charges will be paid out of the remaining lease terms over the next few years. This slide shows our reported results followed by certain adjustments, which make the periods comparable and the resulting non-GAAP adjusted amounts for both periods. In addition to the real estate charge I just discussed for 2023, operating expenses in the first quarter of 2022 include a $113 million charge arising from the effects of the war in Ukraine. In summary, reported revenues were up 1% and non-GAAP adjusted operating income was flat. Both were negatively impacted by foreign currency translations. Moving down the income statement, net interest expense improved due to higher interest income than we expected. In Q2, we estimate that interest expense will increase a bit, primarily due to an increase in the interest rate applied to our pension and post-retirement obligations. This will be offset by an expected increase in interest income in Q2 of 2023 relative to Q2 of 2022, although we do not expect as much interest income in Q2 of ‘23 as we had in Q1 of ‘23 due to our working capital cycle. For the second half of 2023, we expect that net interest expense will be flat to up slightly relative to the second half of 2022. In Q1 of 2023, the effective tax rate was somewhat lower than our annual guidance of 27% due to a lower effective tax rate related to the real estate repositioning charge and the realization of certain tax benefits and NOLs. We still expect a tax rate of 27% for the balance of the year, as indicated on our February 2023 call. Non-GAAP adjusted net income increased 9%. As a result of share repurchases, our diluted share count declined by 2.5% and non-GAAP diluted EPS was up 12.2% on an adjusted basis. Without the headwind from negative foreign currency translation, non-GAAP diluted EPS for the quarter increased by approximately 16%. Now, let’s review the quarter in more detail, beginning with the components of our revenue change on Slide 4. Our organic growth was 5.2%. The impact from foreign currency translation was negative and reduced reported revenue by 3.2%, which once again was a bit less than the preceding quarter. Looking forward, we still estimate that the impact will moderate for the remainder of 2023 and will be approximately flat for the year. The impact of acquisition and disposition revenue was negative 1%, primarily reflecting the disposition of our businesses in Russia announced near the end of the first quarter of 2022. Given the recent disposition of our small research businesses earlier in April, we expect a similar reduction of about 1% for the balance of the year, prior to any acquisitions we expect to complete later this year. Moving on to Slide 5, let’s review our revenue growth by discipline. During the first quarter, advertising and media posted 5.1% organic growth, once again led by strong performance in our media businesses. Precision marketing had strong growth of 7% organically. We continue to invest in this area and we see opportunities for future growth in the market for digital customer experience, data analytics and digital transformation services. Commerce and brand consulting grew organically by 3.3%, primarily on the strength of our branding and design agencies. Experiential organic growth was 8.4%, led by Europe, the UK and the Middle East. Execution and support returned to growth at 3.6%, led by our merchandising and support businesses and offset by a reduction in our research businesses. Public relations, was strong at 5.8%, coming off a challenging double-digit growth comparable in Q1 of ‘22. Finally, healthcare grew 4.8% and we continue to see good growth trends in this business, 2023 supported by new client wins last year. Please note that we made some adjustments to reclassify certain agencies among our disciplines to reflect changes where an agency’s current and future capabilities better aligns with their new disciplines. Prior periods have been restated to the current presentation. No changes were made to total revenues or total organic growth. For your reference, we have included a slide in the appendix of updated 2022 quarterly and annual revenue by discipline. The impact of the changes on the 2022 presentation by discipline was minor. The only notable change resulting from reclassifying our digital communities agency, which has been more closely aligned with our research capabilities from the commerce and brand consulting discipline to our execution and support discipline. Turning to Slide 6 for revenue by region, you can see that growth was above 5% everywhere except Asia-Pacific, where we saw some regional performance challenges impact results. In the U.S., our 5.1% quarterly organic growth was led by advertising and media, precision marketing and public relations. International organic growth of 5.4% was led by advertising and media, precision marketing and our experiential businesses had strong growth outside the U.S., but were flat in the U.S. Regionally, we had positive growth across our top 10 countries with the exception of China. Looking at revenue by industry sector on Slide 7 compared to the first quarter of 2022, we had higher relative weights in food and beverage and auto offset by a lower relative weight in technology. Other categories were broadly stable. Let’s now move down the income statement and look at expenses on Slide 8. Our total operating expenses were flat at $3.1 billion. Salary-related service costs were flat. The increase resulting from organic revenue growth and additional headcount was offset by the effects of foreign currency translation. As a percentage of revenue, these costs decreased 1% year-over-year. Third-party service costs, which include third-party supplier costs when we act as principal in providing services to our clients, increased due to an increase in organic revenue. These costs are an integral part of our service offering to our clients. We provided additional operating expense detail this quarter with the addition of the third-party incidental cost line, which primarily consist of client-related travel and incidental out-of-pocket costs that we will back to clients directly at our cost, and we are required to include in revenue. These costs were previously included in the third-party service cost line, and they tend to increase when revenue increases and decrease when revenue decreases. In Q1, they increased due to an increase in revenues. We hope this incremental disclosure will assist in your analysis of our results. Occupancy and other costs were down a bit. They increased slightly due to growth in general office expenses as our workforce continues to return to the office, which was offset by the effects of foreign currency translation. SG&A expenses decreased primarily due to lower professional fees and the effects of foreign currency translations. We will reference – Slide 16 in the appendix presents our operating expense detail on a constant currency basis. Similar to the income statement highlights slide we discussed earlier, Slide 9 presents both the reported and non-GAAP adjusted results of 2023 and 2022 by removing the Q1 2023 real estate repositioning charges and the Q1 2022 charges arising from the effects of the war in Ukraine. Our first quarter 2023 adjusted operating income of $466 million was flat with the first quarter of last year. The related adjusted operating income margin was 13.5% compared to 13.7% in the first quarter of last year. Please turn now to Slide 10 for our cash flow performance. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in operating capital. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2023 was $429 million, up 26.3% from last year, which included the cash impact of charges arising from the war in Ukraine. Changes in operating capital are typically negative in the first quarter and level for the first quarter of 2023 was similar to the last few years. As we look forward for the full year 2023, we continue to expect changes in operating capital to be a source of cash again. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $142 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $13 million for dividends and non-controlling interest shareholders, both similar to last year. Our capital expenditures of $23 million were at normal levels and flat with last year. Acquisition spend, net of dispositions and other items was $38 million and related to the acquisition of additional noncontrolling interests. And lastly, our net stock repurchases for the quarter of $279 million, roughly in line with last year’s first quarter level and well on the way toward our annual expectation of $500 million to $600 million. Slide 11 is an overview of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. At the end of the first quarter of ‘23, the book value of our outstanding debt was relatively flat at $5.6 billion, compared to the same period last year. There were no changes in outstanding balances during the quarter. And our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program, remains undrawn. And our cash and cash equivalents were $3.3 billion. Turning to Slide 12. Our operating capital discipline consistently drives above-average returns on both invested capital and equity. For the 12 months ended March 31, 2023, we generated a solid return on invested capital, 24% and a strong return on equity of 45%. The strength of our business delivers attractive returns on a relative basis in both strong and weaker macroeconomic environments. In closing, as 2023 begins, we continue to review our costs to better align with our estimated revenues and an uncertain economy. And our decision to exit certain real estate in Q1 is consistent with this approach. Our Q1 performance was solid and a first step toward delivering on our full year guidance of an operating income margin between 15% and 15.4%, excluding the impact of the real estate repositioning charge. We expect to be at or close to the top of that range. Our approach always includes the opportunity for strategic and accretive acquisitions. And if those opportunities are not immediately available, we will continue to use our free cash flow to boost total shareholder returns through dividends and share repurchases.  Operator, please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hi, thank you. John, just wanted to see if you can provide any additional context around the organic guide? I think last quarter, you said you were extremely comfortable with the low end of 3% to 5%, just given the performance at the top end of the range in Q1, has that level of comfort moved higher at all? Thanks.
John Wren: Not yet. We’re still comfortable with the 3%, and our stretch target remains 5% for the year. We will know more certainly by the time we get to the second quarter’s call in July, but the – and the reason for that is, in my experience, is just common sense, not to fight the Fed. And so we’re not going to fight the Fed. And whereas our clients continue to spend and we continue to win new business, that’s all very positive. Clients are getting cautious, and they are trying where they can to avoid long-term commitments and create as much flexibility in their spending as possible. Therefore, we’re doing the same.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then, Phil, can you just confirm, I think you said for the margin guide at the higher end of the range? And then how should we think about the benefit of those real estate actions maybe flowing through to future years?
Phil Angelastro: So in terms of the higher end, I think we’re comfortable that we’re going to close the year out closer to 15.4% than 15%. And we’re pretty confident given the real estate actions that we took and our conservative approach to managing the cost structure, especially in this kind of an environment, that we’re going to close the year – even though it’s early, we will close the year between the midpoint and the high end of the range.
David Karnovsky: Anything on future years for the real estate action?
Phil Angelastro: In terms of the real estate actions, I think that’s part of what gives us confidence in getting to the high end of the range. What you need to keep in mind is that there is a number of other factors in our cost structure that are going to have an impact. And specifically with respect to real estate, as people come back to work, more frequently come back to the office, we’re going to have to deal with a little bit of an increase in our occupancy costs. We’re going to manage through that. We’re also making some investments, as John had referenced, with some – a trial with some satellite offices. We need to do a little work on the space that we have. So there is a bunch of moving parts just within the rent and occupancy line, but we do expect it to be a benefit and a benefit in ‘23 and beyond for sure.
David Karnovsky: Thanks a lot.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good afternoon. I had a question first on sort of the impact of your net – from net new business wins on your performance, including the L’Oreal win late last year, was net new business big enough to call out in Q1? And should we be thinking about further benefits from L’Oreal kicking in later in the year? I realize existing clients spend kind of dwarfs net new business, but you guys did mention it on the last earnings call. So I wanted to see if we can get an update on sort of the tailwinds you’re seeing and any magnitude you can help us think about. That’s my first question.
John Wren: Yes, Ben, we take all that into consideration. We’re giving you the estimate of what we think is happening in the revenue in the aggregate. But L’Oreal specifically, we were ramping up costs in the first quarter. The revenues didn’t start until April 1.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you, John. And then I’m wondering how you guys thought about competition for talent as you reintroduced – or, I guess, introduced the sort of back to work 3 days any concerns there about how you compete and position working at Omnicom versus other opportunities? And what’s sort of the reaction internally to that message, given what we’ve been over the last couple of years, you guys feel pretty confident that it’s net additive to the overall operation in the business?
John Wren: We certainly, not only I, I think the leadership of our groups believe that it’s necessary and will therefore be effectively additive in the long run. Where we benefit is the great resignation is over. You see it in the layoffs that the tech industry is doing in some other areas. So we believe that we will be just fine. Naturally, there will be individual cases where people want to come back, and they’ll seek other alternatives. But in the scheme of things, it’s not going to be significant. As we’ve implemented this policy, if you go around the world, we needed to put out the minimum of 3 days a week principally for the United States. Once you get outside the United States, people have been back in the office like in Asia a minimum of 5 days a week and most of Europe, at least 4. So people – our managers also know that at first, when people come back, we’re going to invest a little money, making an event to come back just to reintroduce people to – having to come back. But I think we’re also doing other smart things. If you lived in Long Island or Connecticut or in New Jersey, and if we say come back to the New York office, it would take you 2 hours and cost you a fortune, tolls and whatever else. We, I think, very wisely have put satellite locations. So people can have that as their permanent location and only on occasion going in the course of a month will they have to come back to the city. So we’re trying every sensible thing to look at for the benefit and the welfare of our employees. And it’s time for them to come back because we’re a creative service company, and we work better when we’re together.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, John.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks very much. John, could I follow-up on the comment that you have in the press release and you mentioned in your prepared remarks about taking operational steps and some plans in place to mitigate macro headwinds. Just to clarify if that’s anything incremental or if that’s just basically the same message that you’ve been giving for some time now? And then I have a follow-up as well.
John Wren: Sure. I probably say it’s pretty consistent to what we’ve been saying for the last 100 conference calls that I’ve been on. There is – one thing that will benefit us is we continue to ramp up in the hiring, say, in places like India have increased in order for us to become cost efficient for the benefit of our clients as well as for our shareholders. And that will continue to grow. That’s why I mentioned that we’re opening up three campuses, which in the past, that’s what tech companies did as opposed to advertising agencies. So we have some plans, and we are cautiously introducing them just in the normal course of business to mitigate costs. And we also have it in our ability to accelerate that if we find that we have to adjust for something. So the plans vary. The scenarios vary. I think Phil had some statistics about how quickly we recovered from very serious recessions in the past. I don’t know if that would add any color to it or not.
Phil Angelastro: I think the commentary or the prepared remarks, certainly were more focused on what we’ve typically done in the past, and we’re not waiting around as we didn’t in the past for the serious headwinds to arrive. We’re making sure we take a more sensible, conservative review – or sensible and conservative view so that we keep our cost structure in line with the current and anticipated revenue base. I think if you look at our performance coming out of the last couple of business – either recessions or challenging times, we’ve been able to manage through it pretty successfully and bounce back pretty quickly. And I don’t think you should expect anything different this time around either.
Tim Nollen: Okay, great. Thanks. And then could I follow-up on the comment on the Microsoft and the generative AI relationship? I think it was last call that I asked the question about what might ChatGPT do to the business. And I wonder if you can maybe elaborate a bit further. I mean there is a lot of discussion around this replacing people over time and changing the creative process and so forth. I think your answer then last quarter, John, is that it’s just – it’s a matter of improving workflows and making various things more efficient. Could you just elaborate a bit more now that you have an actual, formal relationship with Microsoft in place now?
John Wren: Sure. I think there may be more now. We were the second company I think Microsoft entered into such a relationship with. I think the first company was Disney. It’s a unique deal. And what we are using it for at this point is we are taking all of Omnicom’s historical data on top of what GPT can do. And we are running a lot of projects. I will come to that in a second. We think for clients that want to participate in this they will add their data and we will create new models of how we do things to identify consumers. So, we are putting it all together. And I think presently, we have in excess of 20 projects going on, testing different things. I would say good five of them are directed at the back office and the balance of them, are directed to the client side, the revenue side of the business. And it has a lot of potential to positively impact the business. I don’t think you will see that in 2023 because as I also said in my comments, you have to be very careful with this. And maybe one of the reasons Microsoft picked us is because we are very careful. There is a lot of ethical questions and there is a lot of privacy questions. There is a lot that this incredibly powerful tool can do, but you have to get the guidelines and the rules in place before you can actually use it efficiently. In the long-term, and this is just my belief, in the long-term, I think our creative – what I would call knowledge workers, will only find their jobs enhanced by the way that we will utilize this 5 years from now. And so we are very optimistic. And we are testing it, playing with it, but we are certainly not deploying it in the way that – to the full extent of the power that it has. The other thing that I would point out, I mean you probably – this may sound like I have said it before, but we have built Omni over the last decade. And we have built it in such a way that is very, very flexible and connected to an awful lot of databases and put in plumbing that was really appropriate for what – playing with and adding generative AI is going to do. So, we have the installation. We have the system. It’s deployed for us worldwide. And now we are entering into an environment where we are going to be able to make pretty quick progress, I think in terms of what works and what doesn’t work as people develop these rules, look at the ethics of it and understand what bias is can be affected.
Tim Nollen: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. So, John, you said that you don’t want to fight the Fed. It seems like maybe the Fed is winning the fight with inflation. That usually means either a weaker consumer or higher unemployment. So, I am just wondering if that’s your subsequent expectation? And what does that translate to in terms of any growth implications for the company, or how you are thinking about managing the business through that? And then I have a couple of follow-ups for Phil.
John Wren: Sure. Well, the Fed hasn’t stopped. So, the world is still fighting it. And with the employment numbers, they don’t look as bad maybe as they could. But the jury is still out about if the Fed is going to be able to get us into a recession, they are certainly trying to slow growth. If they do – as I have said, we have been playing game theory here for quite a number of years in terms of how we would respond to it when we see it, when we believe it’s going to occur. We do though, have the philosophy that when long-term partner-type client suffer, we are going to suffer a little with them. And that’s proved to be a very sensible investment in the past when we faced I think more severe circumstances because clients don’t forget that. And then as they recover, you benefit from it as well. So, at this point, we are comfortable with – we are certainly now comfortable with the low end of the range that we gave you last quarter. We will strive very hard to get to the top end, but there is too many uncertainties as we sit here today for me to be promising that to you. As soon as we can, we will. So – maybe I didn’t quite answer all of your questions.
Steven Cahall: No, that’s helpful. And then maybe, Phil, just first on the margin comment, with the tighter end of the range, is that fully due to the real estate repositioning, or are there sort of general operating aspects that drove that as well? And also, your net interest was quite low in Q1. I am sure that’s just the rate that you are getting on your deposits. So, good to see the Fed is helping there. Should we use that as a decent run rate for kind of net interest going forward? Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, on the margin front, it’s certainly – it’s not just real estate, I think it’s a whole combination of things. I mean we have got a number of factors that impact our margins. And trying to balance them all is something we do every day at the lowest level. So, while we maybe have experienced some wage inflation like everybody else has in the recent past, we have got a number of initiatives that we have been pursuing and continue to pursue in the areas of off-shoring and automation. We continue to push those and have made a lot of progress on that front and expect to continue to make more progress through the rest of this year and beyond, especially with automation. At the same time, we have taken some actions, obviously, in the area of real estate and occupancy costs. We do expect there to be a reduction on that front, although at the same time, we will have some incremental occupancy costs as well due to the more people back in the office and/or some of the investments that we touched on earlier. So, it’s all of those factors. But certainly, the real estate moves we have made this quarter are going to put us in a better position where we feel more confident that we are going to finish the year at the high end of that range, no question. On the interest front, I would say certainly it’s mostly rate. And in Q2 of ‘23, we expect interest income to increase again year-on-year relative to Q2 of ‘22, probably not by the same amount as in Q1 because our working capital cycle is such that we will have less cash available to invest relative to Q1. So, we expect interest income to go up. We expect interest expense to go up just a bit as well largely because the interest rate used on our pension and post-employment benefits, that rate has gone up as well. It’s a rate issue, not a volume issue going the other way. And the rest of our debt portfolio is relatively fixed. When you get to the second half, I think we had a considerable amount of interest income increases in the second half of ‘22. So, I think you could expect net interest expense in the second half to kind of be flat to maybe a little bit of incremental interest expense, depending again on what happens with rates primarily.
Steven Cahall: Got it. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a question on buybacks. I heard you reiterate that $500 million to $600 million for the full year. But I just noticed you did a decent maybe half of that in the first quarter, and I was just looking back at the prior years, and sometimes your buybacks are front-end loaded and sometimes are back-end loaded. Is there any sort of algorithm that you guys have? Is that just a function of your view of the value of the shares? Is it working capital related, or what is it that causes your buybacks to be more…?
Phil Angelastro: No. I think if you go back over a longer period of time, you probably even go back 10 years, you will see that most of the volume of buybacks has occurred in the past – in the first quarter and the second quarter, usually the first quarter a little more than the second quarter, so the first half of the year. And then we tend to have less activity in Q3 and Q4. I think there have been a couple of anomalies recently given COVID, certainly for one, and probably the economic slowdown prior to that, which is probably close to 8 years to 10 years ago. So, there might be a blip here or there, but it’s not due to price sensitivity or anything similar to that. We largely returned cash to shareholders through the buyback, and we tend to do that more or so in the first half of the year.
John Wren: And if I could just add one thing, our capital policy is first to pay dividends, next to do acquisitions and then finally, to do share repurchases with that free cash flow. And there is a number of tuck-in acquisitions that we are looking at currently, which when we get completed with our due diligence and if we get across the finish line, cash will be used for that, that might change it. So, there is no – excuse me, there is no formula for – we are going to do this in January, we are going to do this in July. That’s not how it works. We use our judgment to get to these forecasts to be as transparent and as consistent as we can review.
Jason Bazinet: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the last questioner will be Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. My first question, historically, your company and your peers’ pricing has not been much of a factor in your organic revenue growth year-to-year on a like-for-like basis on the services you guys provide. I am just curious, in this higher interest rate environment, are you being able to raise prices any more aggressively now versus what you have done in the past?
John Wren: Well, our people are always trying to get paid fairly for the services that we provide. And – but we do live in a competitive environment. So, there is a lot of – many clients have given us increases, and many clients are not in a position to give us increases. And to offset and to pay for salary inflation, as Phil mentioned earlier, we have sped up. And we are doing a much more professional job with off-shoring then I can say, we have done at any point in the past. That isn’t necessarily to create extra income, that’s to create extra resource so we can continue to attract the best talent there is in the marketplace.
Craig Huber: And then also, John, your conversation with your clients, has your thought on this year changed materially since the last time you spoke to us 2.5 months ago in terms of the outlook for what you are hearing from clients? I mean a lot has changed on the macro side, I think with all the banking issues, etcetera, over the last couple of months and stuff. But it sounds like you are obviously keeping organic revenue growth outlook the same, but I am just curious, client-for-client, are you sensing any more cautiousness now versus what you were thinking 2.5 months ago? Thank you.
John Wren: On a macro basis, no. Prior to this call, I was talking to the CEO of Adobe. And one of the things he is saying is, I wish people would stop talking the economy down because business is great. And so it’s a mix. I don’t think anybody expected the banking situation to occur that came out of less yield [ph]. But I think everybody that I speak to is, ends up being – I would have to say the conclusion I reach is cautiously optimistic. But in a very sophisticated way, expecting that there is still going to be a lot more uncertainty until the Fed and its partners around the world think that they are done. And so people are looking to create flexibility without abandoning the commitments they have made to grow their brands.
Craig Huber: That’s it. Thanks John.
John Wren: You’re welcome.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg : Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com., we've posted a press release along with the presentation covering the information we'll review today as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I would like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our Form 10-K, which should be filed tomorrow. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials.  We'll begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. And after our prepared remarks, we'll open up the lines for your questions.  I'll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren : Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. I'm pleased to report our fourth quarter performance was very strong on both the top and bottom lines, and we finished an outstanding year in 2022. We entered 2023 with a high level of confidence in our strategic and financial position while remaining cautious and being prepared for possible changes in the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment. For the fourth quarter, organic growth of 7.2% exceeded our expectations. Growth was broad-based across our disciplines, geographic regions and client sectors. We again saw a double-digit growth in our Precision Marketing, Public Relations and Experiential disciplines. Full year organic growth was 9.4%. Operating margin for the fourth quarter was 16.6%, an increase of 50 basis points compared to the prior year. For the full year, operating margin adjusted for certain non-GAAP items illustrated on Page 10 of our investor presentation was 15.4%, which is 40 basis points higher than our operating margin in 2021. Earnings per share for the quarter was $2.09, up 7.2% versus the fourth quarter of 2021. The negative currency impact on EPS of the strong U.S. dollar was approximately 6%. On a constant currency basis, EPS increased by approximately 13%. For the year, we generated over $1.7 billion in free cash flow and returned more than 65% to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. Our liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong and continue to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. Our strong performance validates the growing role we play as clients increasingly turn to us for advice in navigating through a complex marketing and communications environment. We're also advising our clients on transforming their organizations by deploying new processes and marketing technology platforms that can provide more connected experiences for their consumers. During the quarter, we expanded and further strengthened our talent. At the time of our Q3 remarks, we had just appointed Andrea Lennon to the new role of Chief Client Officer. In the fourth quarter, we added two prominent leaders: Kathleen Saxton, previously of MediaLink, joined as Chief Marketing Officer; and Alex Hesz previously of adam&eve and DDB joined as Chief Strategy Officer. Andrea, Kathleen and Alex will strengthen our position in the marketplace, identify and pursue new business opportunities and work with our global client leaders and agencies to deliver innovative and transformational ideas to our clients. We're fortunate to be adding this team from a position of strength. We ended 2022 with significant new business wins and deepened our relationship with many of our enterprise-level clients. In the fourth quarter, L'Oréal named Omnicom Media Group, its U.S. media agency of record. This marked one of the biggest wins of 2022, with an estimated $1 billion in U.S. media billings as reported by COMvergence. L'Oréal selected OMG due to its steep specialization and integration of expertise, talent and technology to deliver modern marketing outcomes. Our recently launched commerce agency, Transact, along with our best-in-class analytics and insights team at Annalect, which supports the Omni operating system played instrumental roles in winning the L'Oréal business. Also on the media front, OMD secured a major win as it was named media agency of record for Burberry. The win includes an innovative and bespoke agency model created specifically for Burberry. Our Healthcare Group, which had 6.4% growth in the fourth quarter, won a significant new business pitch with Merck capping off the year in which it won one of our largest healthcare pitches of 2022. A key component of our new business success was driven by our e-commerce capabilities, an area where we've made and continue to make significant investments. We recently expanded our e-commerce capabilities through our partnership with Albertsons Media Collective, a retail media arm for the Albertsons Companies. This partnership will provide first-to-market solutions that will enable marketers to better target and measure ROI in the connected TV environments. Going forward, we plan to continue to invest in and expand our capabilities to solidify our position as best-in-class provider of retail, media and e-commerce services as well as in other high-growth areas such as Precision Marketing, Performance Media and Health. I want to thank our people around the world for helping us close out 2022 on such a positive note. It's your dedication and commitment and outstanding work that allows our agencies, clients and Omnicom to succeed. We entered 2023 in a very strong position, supported by our strong financial performance, new business wins and steady progress on our key strategic initiatives. We also continue to see strong demand for our services. Based on current market conditions, we're targeting 2023 organic revenue growth of 3% to 5% and expect our operating margin to be between 15% and 15.4%. At the same time, we remain extremely cautious of macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including the ongoing war in the Ukraine, the economic risk posed by rising interest rates and higher inflation around the world. To be prepared, we continue to actively develop plans to respond to the headwinds from macro factors, and I'm confident we can manage through this economic cycle. And we have the leadership teams in place to minimize the impact on our top and bottom lines.  I'll now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro : Thanks, John. We're pleased to be closing 2022 with solid fourth quarter results, driven by strong organic revenue growth, operating profit growth and earnings per share growth. We finished the year with a healthy balance sheet and excellent liquidity. Our strong credit position and the operating flexibility of our business position us well for any macro uncertainty ahead. Please turn now to Slide 3, and we'll begin our review with a summary of the fourth quarter income statement. Reported total revenue in the fourth quarter was flat year-over-year at $3.9 billion with organic growth of 7.2%, offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translations and net disposition revenue in excess of acquisition revenue. Since most of our expenses are incurred in the local markets where our revenue is earned, foreign currency translation also reduced our operating expenses, which were flat versus last year. Reported operating profit for the fourth quarter increased 3.2%; and on a constant currency basis, it increased 8.4%.  Moving down the income statement. Higher interest income again helped lower our net interest expense, which decreased by $18.5 million. Our tax rate of 26.5% was as expected. In 2023, despite the increasing interest rate environment, we currently expect interest expense to approximate 2022 levels and interest income to increase moderately in Q1 and Q2 of 2023 compared to the first half of 2022 and approximate 2022 levels in the second half of 2023. We also currently expect our effective book income tax rate in 2023 to be approximately 27%. The increase relative to our 2022 rate is primarily due to the UK tax rate which is scheduled to increase in April of 2023. Overall, our Q4 '22 net income rose 3.3% on a reported basis. Combined with the reduction in shares year-over-year, diluted EPS rose 7.2%. Without the headwind from negative foreign currency translation, diluted EPS for the quarter increased 13.3%.  For a review of the full year, please turn to Slide 4, where we show certain non-GAAP adjustments to make the periods more comparable. None of these adjustments are new this quarter. They were discussed earlier this year and last year. For the year-to-date 2022 period, operating expenses and income taxes were impacted by charges in the first quarter arising from the effects of the war in Ukraine. For the year-to-date 2021 period, operating expenses benefited from a gain on sale of a subsidiary and both interest expense and income tax expense reflect the impact from the early extinguishment of debt in 2021. Continuing on Slide 4, similar to the quarterly results we just discussed. The strength in the dollar this year also impacted our year-to-date results. Foreign currency translation reduced revenues by 4.8%. Operating profit on a non-GAAP adjusted basis of $2.2 billion was up 2.3%. And without the headwind from negative foreign currency translation, it increased 6.8%. Non-GAAP adjusted diluted EPS of $6.93 rose 8.5%; or without the headwind from negative foreign currency translation, it increased 13.6%. Let's now go into some more detail on our results, beginning on Slide 5 with an analysis of the change in our revenue. As discussed, our organic growth was 7.2% for the quarter, and 9.4% year-to-date. The quarterly impact from foreign currency translation was negative 5.5%. It's worth noting that for financial reporting purposes, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the currencies of every country we operate in, except for Brazil when compared to Q4 of 2022. However, this impact was slightly less than it was in the third quarter. So it did move in the right direction. The impact of acquisition and disposition revenue was negative 1.4%, primarily reflecting the disposition of our businesses in Russia during the first quarter of 2022. Looking forward, foreign currency exchange rates stay where they were as of February 1, we estimate that the impact will reduce our revenue by approximately 3% in the first quarter and moderate for the remainder of 2023 to be approximately flat for the year. Based on deals completed to date, we expect the impact from net acquisitions and dispositions will result in a reduction of our revenue by approximately 1.5% in the first quarter, primarily resulting in the disposition of our businesses in Russia in the first quarter of 2022. Turning to Slide 6. For the quarter, we once again showed organic growth across all of our disciplines with the exception of execution and support as we expected. As you can see, performance in each of our other disciplines remained solid with double-digit organic growth in three of them. Advertising & Media, our largest category, posted 6% organic growth in the quarter, led by strong performance in our Media businesses. Precision Marketing continued its strong performance, 11.6% organic growth as clients continue to turn to us for digital transformation, digital customer experience and data analytics services. Although this growth rate moderated a bit relative to the third quarter, we're excited about the outlook, and we'll continue to invest in this space. Commerce & Brand Consulting was up 7.2% organically on the strength of our branding and design agencies. Experiential organic growth was a strong 17% where we saw more benefits than we expected from the FIFA World Cup and other year-end projects. Execution & Support, which we expected would be choppy in the second half, had a decline of 2.8% against the comp of 5.2% growth in last year's fourth quarter. Public Relations grew a strong 12.7% organically in the quarter, keeping up a double-digit trend, reflecting continued client demand across many industries and geographies, and including increased revenue of approximately $10 million, resulting from increased election spending in the U.S. in the second half of the year. And Healthcare delivered solid organic growth of 6.4%. Turning to Slide 7 for revenue by region. We're pleased to see continued positive growth globally. In the U.S., our 5.6% quarterly organic growth was led by Advertising & Media, Precision Marketing and Public Relations. International growth of 8.7% was also led by Advertising & Media and Precision Marketing and also saw the strong contribution from Experiential that I mentioned earlier. Regionally, we saw some expected slowdown compared to the first half of the year in the UK and Europe, but their organic growth of 10% and 5%, respectively, is still quite healthy. Asia Pacific also improved, led by China and also driven by most of our other markets in the region.  Looking at revenue by industry sector on Slide 8. Relative to the fourth quarter of 2021, the mix of our client portfolio was broadly stable. Categories that moved year-over-year included an increase in exposure to pharma and health and a decrease in exposure to technology. Let's now turn to Slide 9 and look at our operating expenses for the quarter. For your reference Slide 17 in the appendix presents this on a constant currency basis. Our total expenses were essentially flat at $3.2 billion due primarily to the weakening of almost all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. Salary and related service costs decreased as we saw an increase related to organic revenue growth and additional headcount, offset by the effects of foreign currency translation. Third-party service costs increased due to an increase in organic revenue. Occupancy and other costs increased primarily due to some growth in general office expenses as our workforce returns to the office, partially offset by lower rents. On the topic of rent, you may have seen in January that we moved the Madison Avenue headquarters for TBWA to a location that houses other Omnicom agencies. It is an open, modern and collaborative space with an efficient design. This is another example of the rationalization of our rooftops, which we expect will continue in the future. SG&A expenses were down year-over-year due to lower professional fees, lower marketing-related costs and reductions from the effects of foreign currency translations. Turning to Slide 10. Our fourth quarter operating profit was $643 million, a 3.2% increase from last year, net of a reduction of $32.3 million of the impact of foreign currency translations. Our operating profit margin reached 16.6% on total revenue compared to last year's margin of 16.1%.  Please turn now to Slide 11 for our cash flow performance on a full year basis. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in operating capital. Free cash flow for the year was approximately $1.8 billion, flat compared to last year. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $581 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $80 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Capital expenditures of $78 million were at normal levels. Acquisition spend, net of dispositions and other items was $330 million. And lastly, our net stock repurchases for the year were $594 million, at the high end of our expectations of $500 million to $600 million. In 2023, we expect that we will also repurchase shares within this historical range. Regarding the changes in our operating capital for the year, which resulted in a use of cash of approximately $840 million, the principal factors that caused this reduction included: a reduction in billings in 2022 resulting from certain client losses in 2021; disposition of our businesses in Russia, including cash for operations in Q1 of 2022; disposition of our specialty media business in 2021; impacts from increased client activity related to the reopening in China at the end of the fourth quarter; and timing differences compared to the prior year; and cash collections and cash payments at year-end. As we look forward, we expect change in operating capital to be a source of cash again for fiscal year 2023. Slide 12 is an overview of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. During the quarter, the impact of foreign exchange rates on our euro and sterling denominated debt caused the book value of our outstanding debt to decrease to $5.6 billion from $5.7 billion as of December 31, 2021. There were no changes in outstanding balances during the quarter and our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program, remains undrawn. Our cash and cash equivalents were $4.3 billion at year-end. The reduction relative to year-end 2021 is due primarily to the changes in operating capital that I just discussed as well as the effect of foreign exchange rate changes, which reduced our cash balance by $219 million for the year. Turning to Slide 13. Our operating capital discipline consistently drives above-average returns on both invested capital and equity. For 12 months ended December 31, 2022, we generated a solid return on invested capital of 28% and a strong return on equity of 40%. The strength of our business delivers attractive returns on a relative basis in both strong and weaker macroeconomic environments. In closing, as 2023 unfolds, we are prepared, as always, for an uncertain business environment. We have a strong track record of providing attractive returns through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining a strong balance sheet and managing our business through challenging market conditions and we will do so while continuing to invest in our strategic future growth.  Operator, please open the line questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall : So John, maybe to start off with, you said you entered 2023 with a lot of confidence, and you're also being cautious and that caution certainly served you well last year as the macro really got worse throughout the year. You all did an impressive job of setting achievable targets. So how should we think about the amount of kind of healthy caution that's in this guidance? And maybe related to that, as you came through the fourth quarter and into January, did you see trends that were either improving or deteriorating on a sequential basis to kind of set you up for how you're looking at the rest of the year?
John Wren : Okay. There's a couple of questions in there. Let me start with first with the guidance. In the guidance that we gave you, I'm going to remind everybody, we're five weeks into the year. 3-plus percent, I'm extremely comfortable about. There's a lot of reasons for that. There are some puts and takes, depending upon the industry that clients are in. But on the whole, we feel very good, our client base and what their planned spending is for the forthcoming future as far as we can see it. And then in 2022, we entered the year challenged by facing some losses from '21, which we're not up against in the first quarter. And as well as Russia as to previously mentioned. But more importantly, if you look at media wins, for instance, using the only reliable outside source, which I believe is convergence, you'll find that on a net billings basis, Omnicom won far more business in '22 than any of our competitors. So the combination of stability in our client base, those new business wins, which will start to contribute for the most part in and around April. But April and for the rest of the year, I'm extremely comfortable. We'll know more, obviously, as we get a little bit further into the year and have -- continue to have conversations about stretch plans with our operating divisions. But -- so that's that.  Having spent so much time on that, I've forgotten your second question, sorry.
Phil Angelastro: In terms of the month -- I think the second one was the month of January. So we don't -- we typically don't place a lot of emphasis on one month in any quarter. But we didn't see anything in terms of January's results that would cause us to change the commentary John just laid out.
Steven Cahall : And Phil, maybe if I could just follow up on the margin guidance. Could you just confirm if that's EBITDA or operating profit, and I know you had the $113 million adjustment in '22. So what would be the comparable number for 2022 versus the 15% to 15.4%?
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So the number without the charge for Russia, which was about $113 million, is 15.4%. That's an operating margin percentage. Operating profit divided by revenue. So that's the guidance, 15% to 15.4% operating profit.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky : Phil, just to follow up on the margin guide. I think we're generally conditioned to see organic growth at the level that you guided to kind of filtering down the margin expansion. So wondering if you could kind of speak to the puts and takes of the margin guide, any cost pressure that's potentially offsetting any gains that you might get from the incremental growth.
Phil Angelastro : Sure. I think given the -- some of the uncertainty of the macro and business conditions currently, we certainly plan the business to align our cost structures with our expected revenues as we know them. We always have done that. We're somewhat conservative about how we do it because we don't want to be relying on plans that have unsupported new business assumptions where we maintain a cost structure that isn't sustainable. It isn't effective and efficient in achieving our margin objectives. So we, like everyone else, have experienced some wage pressures. But there's a number of other initiatives we've been pursuing. We're going to continue to pursue around outsourcing, in offshoring and automation, and we're pretty comfortable with the margin targets that we've laid out. But in terms of the general macro, there are some things that may be out of our control so we've given the guidance which is 15% to 15.4%.
John Wren : Embedded -- if I could just add one thing to that, embedded in that and we're not always successful, but we have added a lot more success than I would have hoped for and going back to clients and getting increases which will help mitigate that issue. And we've also gotten a lot more sophisticated as we've gone through a couple of these recessions or [indiscernible] in that if clients are not willing to give us any smaller, what we've been able to do is to increase the length of our contracts with those clients, therefore, increasing the stability of our revenue forecast.
David Karnovsky : John, you also made in your prepared remarks, kind of e-commerce capability as playing a role in winning new business. Just wondering if you could speak to that and maybe the increasing role retail media is playing in terms of client allocation?
John Wren : Yes. At this point, selling client products and what COVID did for online sales is never going backwards. It's only going to further increase as we move further into the future. Mergers like Krogers and Albertsons will set up a third competitor to the Walmarts and the Targets that are out there as well as the Amazons. Budgets at sales departments traditionally had to motivate those stores to feature those products are, in essence, becoming types of media budgets. And there's a lot of overlap and convergence in terms of the skills that you need. Having said that, there are some very special skills that you need to focus on retail and sales at that moment of notice or when you get the customers' attention. We've looked at seeing if there is much to acquire throughout '21 and '22. But at the same time, because we were a bit hesitant, we started building it and so we've been building it for well over 2.5 years. And I think if you ask us or any of our competitors, every media request for a bid for the last several years, you have to come in and demonstrate to that potential client the strength of your e-commerce capabilities. So it's something that we are focused on, remain focused on, and we think is going to play a very important role in future business, not only in '23, but beyond.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne : John, you talked about the strength and the fill in the media business. Advertising and Media had another nice quarter, similar growth last quarter and you called out media strength. And it's interesting because if we look at the -- whether it's TV or digital advertising, things got pretty bleak in the back half of last year. So it's clearly separation here. Could you take us inside of the advertising and media discipline at Omnicom and sort of help us understand the drivers of that continued growth in the business. It doesn't sound like new business wins really were a factor in last year's results. I just want to make sure I got that right. And then I had a follow-up for Phil.
John Wren : Let me start off, media wins, creative wins as well as media wins as well as Precision Marketing wins all contributed to the performance that we had last year. And going into last year, we were still cycling on a couple of account losses that we had, had previously. So new business did have an impact in getting us to where we were in 2022. That strength of batting above -- at a very high average and above our weight because I think we deserve every win we got. But there was quite a bit of activity at the end-ish second half, end-ish last four months of last year. And we were very successful with it. And we continue to be successful as we go into this year on things that we announced. And we don't have a crystal ball, as Phil said earlier, but we do have some sight in terms of accounts that are stable because we have multiyear contracts and accounts that people have got into review, maybe not become public yet or not. And we're not in a defensive mode, and it's already February. We're still -- and we're on our front foot, and we continue to be on our front foot. So I'm very comfortable that the wins that we had in the latter part of last year will be contributing starting in the second quarter of this year, and that'll benefit the rest of '23. And I'm also confident in the teams that we have answering these briefs and the collaboration that is not just media or just creative or just precision marketing but our holistic approach is responding to the clients' business needs. In my reference in my first answer, to convergence for media, in truth, that's the only third party that accurately accumulates and follows wins and losses, but they only do it in the media sector. There are a heck of a lot of wins in all the other areas of our business as demonstrated in the growth areas that you saw with the exception of COVID closing China and some other headwinds had on our execution business. But those should even -- they haven't lightened up just quite yet but they will. In truth, China opened up extraordinarily well in that area. In the month of December, we weren't prepared to handle all the demand that there was in December. So I'm bullish on where that particular business can be as we get further and further into the year, contributing to the strength that we have across all of our other areas.
Phil Angelastro : I would just add, Ben, that when we talk about growth and in this case, growth in media, it isn't just new business wins. It's growth of existing clients, which all of our three global brands when you look at their full year numbers performed quite well in terms of growing their businesses, and there isn't a direct correlation necessarily between the media industry and/or the pricing of media and our revenue streams. I think the more complexity there is in that landscape, and I think it's clear. It's a much more complex landscape today than even just a few years back. Retail media being one of those examples, the more complexity, the more in demand our services are.
Ben Swinburne : Got it. No, that's helpful, Phil. And then maybe just -- I don't know if there's a connection between the new business wins and your margin target. So I didn't totally understand your answer earlier on why we're not -- why margins would be flat to down in a year with this much top line. Is there some staffing up ahead of new business coming on, that's part of that. Is there anything structural change? Like if you continue to put up 3% to 5% growth in '24 and beyond, I think we should see margin expansion, but want to make sure there's nothing we're missing.
Phil Angelastro : I think it's the first week in February, as John had said. And I think if we were sitting here 12 months ago, looking out at 2022, it was a very different macro outlook than it is today in 2023. And given that uncertainty, we expect there's going to be some challenges that we're going to have to manage through. And we expect to do it successfully, and we're not going to be overly optimistic in terms of our guidance at this point.
John Wren : Yes. I mean the only other thing I would add is that when we issue our K, we'll probably be -- I'm sure we'll be talking about our headcount. Our headcount definitely went up in '22. It went up throughout the year. So we are looking at a full year's cost for those incremental employees right now. It's hard to really predict what's going to happen in the payroll environment because we're going to start to insist, you'll see some reports that we are consistently bringing people back at least three days a week. That hasn't been -- that will be finished and completed but way before the end of this quarter. And there are costs associated with those people coming back that we haven't necessarily had to bear as we were working remotely in the past. So we're being a bit cautious, but I think we're being very sensible. And with the Fed raising interest rates as well as some of the other challenges that are going on with the war, there are uncertainties out there. So we plan for what we know. That's not what we're hoping for. I mean we will do everything in our power to reasonably control our costs while attracting the best and brightest people that are out there in the marketplace. And we will get some relief with some of the challenges that the tech companies are going through, but we haven't seen the full impact of that yet.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with SVB MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson : One for John and one for Phil, for both you guys. One of the challenges we have is trying to figure out what's normal, right? We had '21 lapping '20 and '22 is a bit of a recovery year too, the growth was extraordinary 9%. When you look at your revenue buckets, what businesses do you think are expecting to slow, right? Is there a biggest kind of normalization? And in your forecast 3%, 5%, is there just some acknowledgment that maybe the '22 growth rate is a bit of a catch-up? Or anything you help on looking at kind of the normalization of growth. I'm looking at '22 and maybe Experiential, maybe there are some places that were caught up. And then Phil, can you remind me a bit of your currency and where it's moving. Is that a positive or negative for margin? I know it's translation effect, but is there kind of a bogey on margin due to where currencies move into where it could possibly go to?
John Wren : When we look at revenue, when we look at our clients, we look at what their business needs are in terms of selling their products. So we are most interested in share of wallet as opposed to individual expertise or crafts within the marketing experience. So -- and we've gotten better and better at this, we're on our front foot. So we're not only answering the briefs that the client isn't necessarily putting to us, we're not just answering questions. We're taking a look at their business, their sector and trying to be helpful as a partner to them in growing their businesses. So we don't really make the distinctions other than what the accounting systems spew out is relevant to me. And in today's environment, that marketing funnel continues to collapse and there's a lot of overlap between the skills or the areas in which we call out for historic purposes. I started off in an earlier answer, explaining how retail e-commerce type of spending and media spending are overlapping -- almost completely overlapping today. Not every client's organization has separated the responsibility for those two areas just yet. But in essence, all those costs in all those different areas are being spent to get a great ROI and to move the client's product. And that's where our real focus is.
Phil Angelastro : On the FX front or the currency front and margins, there really hasn't been much of an impact on our margins from a currency perspective, maybe 10 basis points plus or minus each quarter this year or less than 10 basis points. And that's typical when most currencies are headed in the same direction relative to the dollar. So the costs are coming down. The revenues are coming down roughly in proportion to the change in the currency because the local currencies are naturally hedged. So unless we get a big swing in a particular currency where the revenue drivers for Omnicom are, there's a big -- a larger change or a larger proportion of revenue coming from a market where we have an overly high margin or a lower margin than our average, we typically don't get margin swings caused by currency because of the natural hedge of our people are located in the same markets as revenue is generated. So it's a natural hedging effect for the vast majority of our business that doesn't have any impact on margins.
Michael Nathanson : Okay. And so I can ask one more. I don't think you quantified what the hit is going to be this year to divest into acquisitions to total revenues. I might have missed that. We got the first quarter, but what's your aspect of the year of the revenue changes from divestments?
Phil Angelastro : Right now, we're going to kind of cycle on Russia after the first quarter. That was the main disposition that's still out there. And we'd expect the number for the rest of the year based on deals that are actually closed to be small, kind of close to a push because we don't have any sizable acquisitions or dispositions that are contributing as of now. We expect that to change if we can get some acquisitions done. But I think for the balance of the year, it's going to be flat after the first quarter.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie Group.
Tim Nollen : I actually wanted to ask you a question about acquisitions and divestitures, too. If I look back several years, you've got six or seven years' worth of dispositions, not acquisitions. And if I go back even to about 10 years ago, you were kind of at about zero acquisition disposition for a number of years now. So you used to be a more acquisitive company. You've clearly been clearing out some of the businesses that have not been working and focusing on organic growth. I just wonder if there might be more opportunities to go for more acquisitions. You're not going to call what you might do in Q2, for example, but is this a more acquisitive environment emerging for you? And if so, what kinds of things might you look at?
John Wren : I think we outlined pretty much there. What the areas that we're most interested in, which I think I called out as being e-commerce, geographic expansion and skill expansion of our precision marketing group and our very strong healthcare group. So those are areas that we're constantly scraping the market, talking to everybody, we have an entire group that's dedicated to that in terms of mergers. I think this is a generalization. So making a general statement, it's not 100% true, but it's mostly true. And that is, I think, would be what the Fed has done in increasing interest rates, which I believe is pretty permanent. I don't think sellers have quite absorbed that yet in bringing the pricing in line to what any reasonable business person would anticipate as a terminal rate for buying an enterprise. But we continue to negotiate and most of the deals that we've been able to do have been strategic in nature, and they have to be good family members because they have to be able to operate in the environment that Omnicom operates in. You're correct in making -- calling out the fact that we have divested today, we're constantly reviewing the portfolio and also constantly talking to people through our M&A group who are doing roll-ups in certain areas where we've become aware of that, and we have to make decisions that, gee, this company has value to us now but are we going to double down and support it to compete with what we anticipate those roll up is going to be able to accomplish? Or are we going to just take a healthy profit and return it to our shareholders. And that's what we've elected to do over the course of the last five years. And where an acquisition has become fall short of our standards or we deemed to be too expensive, we've not been shy and we spend a lot of money each year investing in building those businesses which are reflected in lowering our margins in many ways. If we were running the business for any short period of time, you could stop some of those investments and increase your margins temporarily but it will hurt long-term growth. So we are constantly looking at the present, learning hopefully from mistakes of the past, but it also with a keen awareness about where our expertise is and where it should continue to be.
Tim Nollen : If I could maybe ask one more. There's been a lot of discussion this week about AI and this ChatGPT functionality that Microsoft has been investing in. And of course -- was it last week, the week before that, we had the DOJ lawsuit against Google. These are huge topics. I don't expect a precise answer, but just wondering if you have any initial thoughts on how these developments may affect your business in the ad market as a whole?
John Wren : Sure. We ourselves not shy, but found that interesting. We're constantly looking as a group that is looking to automate part of the functions that we perform on a regular basis. And those are some of the investments that I alluded to. When I first became aware of chat, the first phone call I made was to the Head of PR and as I said, using historic performance, I want to test this product and see, it is good yet as it pretends to be and given an analysis from the people on the ground doing those type of tests as to how they viewed it. And they came back very positively. It's a good product. It's not a perfect product. I think when Microsoft really integrates it into its system, it will be able to ramp up, so it doesn't crash just right now, it has a lot of people trying to play with it and use a lot of whatever is available hosting capabilities are. But in general, I probably would have given you a different answer two years ago than I will right now. All of the automation that we're looking at enhances the capabilities and makes the job easier for our best and brightest people. And it eliminates a lot of the otherwise mundane projects or activities that we also get paid for. So net-net-net, not everybody will love it. We'll be embracing it as quickly as we possibly can because we think it's good for our smartest people, and therefore, it will be good for what the work they do on behalf of our clients. So I'm looking forward to it. And I'm looking forward to Microsoft getting behind it and making it something that is on everybody's desktop.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet : I don't want to take away from the results you guys put up because they are very good, and I heard what you said about account wins and we can all see the numbers. But your competitors are also doing remarkably well recently. And when I listen to the words you guys used to describe why there are all these tailwinds, whether it's e-commerce or connected TV or digital transformation. At least to my layman's here, it feels like those things have been going on as sort of trends for the last five years and yet all the holding companies are putting up great numbers sort of post COVID. And so I'm still I feel like I'm missing the thread in terms of what's really caused your growth and your peers' growth to accelerate so much. So if you were just going to convey this to an institutional investor, and you said, if you buy Omnicom stock, you are net long what -- your just two or three things that we'd all understand exactly what's happening that's causing clients to use your services so much more than they were in the past.
John Wren : The best answer is the complexity of the marketplace and the complexity of marketing itself. The whole customer journey has changed. Technology has changed that, a lot of things which didn’t in fact exist in the Internet marketing companies existed in 1997 when I first made my first investments in them, but they weren't really perfected into social media and into Instagram and other things until the period in which you're talking about. So if I had to sum it up in two words, and I can go deeper, if you'd like, it's businesses requirements to transform themselves in a digital environment and the complexity that brings and the reason I believe the sector is benefiting is, for the most part, not everybody, and I hope to be at the head of the pack. But I'm happy that my competitor is doing well as well. We've changed our product and our approach to be responsive to those client requirements caused by those two broad categories.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber : My first question, John, on pricing. Historically, this industry might not have had great pricing power on a like-for- like basis. I'm wondering if you could help us here how we think about -- how you're thinking about pricing for this year. Do you have more pricing power in this higher inflation environment?
John Wren : Should we? Yes. Are we speaking to our clients about that? Yes. Do they understand that the best and brightest people that are servicing them can demand more because of the inflationary periods that we're all living through? Yes. I think I tried to -- I quickly read over this in an earlier answer but we've had some very good success in going to clients and getting increases in our pricing. Not everything we want by any standard, but getting that movement and that recognition. And clients who themselves are facing difficult times and there really are more difficult times, are really maybe not in a position to give us the level of increase that we want but we didn't stop there even and say, well, guess what, in the past, you've been able to fire us and give us six months' notice. We want to extend our contract to be a 36-month contract before you could possibly review it, hoping that you don't at the end of 36 months either. But in getting that, in lieu of a price increase, we're able to add stability to our revenue base. So we are benefiting. One is more measurable than another. But -- and the reason for that is because I think our product alignment is correct in terms of what the market needs are and I think our clients respect the intelligence and the sophistication of the people that we have servicing them on their accounts.
Craig Huber : And my second question, John, for 2023, what industry sectors are you most bullish about when you compare it to that 3% to 5% initial organic revenue growth outlook for this year? Is it healthcare, travel, retail, what would you point to, please?
John Wren : Well, the one that I can point to with real confidence is healthcare. I think they're increasingly new discoveries, new products all the time in the healthcare area. I'm confident that everybody on the planet is going to have to eat food and drink beverages. So that sector of our business, I'm comfortable with. Our tech sector I think we're going to suffer, get a little pain there, and we planned to quarter because of the payment those -- some of those companies are going through. But they'll reinvent themselves very, very quickly, and I'm very happy to have them as clients, even if they're facing challenges. In the auto sector, I think two interesting things are going on and clients have to continue to market in order to address this. One is there hasn't been a lot of new product in the past three years because the supply chain problems which have now been, for the most part, solved by most major car manufacturers. And the second thing, which clients have to continue to bring their brands and promote their brands in order to be participants in this area is electric cars and the requirements of that to show progress in their product. So travel, I'm not going to comment. I can speak for the red household, nobody shied away from it, but I don't know that much about anything else. Our clients are bullish. But everybody -- every CEO that I speak to truly believes in their products, believes in their future and is cautious and appropriately cautious about the financial conditions of central banks and the Fed and where interest costs are going to go. So hopefully, that answers your question. That's about the best I can do.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I'll turn it back to our host for closing comments.
Phil Angelastro : Thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate you taking the time, and I will talk to you again soon.
John Wren : Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, we've posted a press release along with the presentation covering the information we'll review today as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today's call concludes.  Before we start, I would like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2021 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials.  We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. And after our prepared remarks, we'll open up the line for your questions. I'll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter results. I'm pleased to report that in the third quarter, we continued the very strong performance we've had throughout 2022. We exceeded our expectations with organic growth of 7.5%, which was broad-based across our agencies, disciplines, regions and client sectors. Year-to-date, organic growth is 10.3%. Operating profit margin for the quarter was 15.9%, 10 basis points higher than our comparable margin in 2021. Earnings per share for the quarter was $1.77, up 7.3% versus 2021. The negative currency impact on EPS of the strong U.S. dollar was approximately 5%. On a constant currency basis, EPS would have increased approximately 12.3%. Our cash flow, liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong and continue to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. Phil will cover our financial results in more detail during his remarks. On last quarter's call, we mentioned several first-of-a-kind e-commerce collaborations with Amazon, Instacart, Kroger and Walmart. This quarter, we expanded and enhanced our e-commerce capabilities by announcing Transact, a dedicated practice focused on connected commerce consulting and e-retail execution services. Transact will capitalize on the unique partnerships we've entered into, and we'll focus on driving sales for clients and growing market share on e-retail platforms. Transact adds to our best-in-class e-commerce services in digital transformation and MarTech Consulting, CRM and precision marketing, media, campaign activation and creative content. We also continue to invest in our iconic agency brands. A recent example was TBWA Worldwide, which recently acquired innovation agency, dotdotdash. Dotdotdash builds future forward brand experiences at the intersection of culture and technology, a valuable addition for the total brand experience company like TBWA. We will continue investing to enhance our capabilities in high growth areas, including CRM and precision marketing, digital transformation, performance media and e-commerce. Our investments in these areas to date have been very effective and are reflected in third-party validations. A few weeks ago, we were named a leader in Forrester's Wave assessment for global marketing services. We received the highest scores possible in five criteria: creative content and services, media management services, integration services, global client teams and innovation road map. Our performance highlights our ability to deliver creative and strategic solutions to our clients through integrated multidisciplinary teams. One way we do this is through our Global Client Leaders Group, which has led the industry in developing innovative service solutions for our largest clients. Since 2014, our GCL Group has been led by Peter Sherman. After a successful 25-year tenure at Omnicom, Peter has made the decision to become a full-time undergraduate professor, teaching marketing and communications at a top ranked university. I want to thank Peter for his countless contributions at Omnicom and wish him the best of luck. We are expanding on the foundation Peter help build to further enhance the services we deliver to our largest clients and to pursue new business opportunities aggressively. As a first step towards that goal, we announced the appointment of Andrea Lennon to the new role of Chief Client Officer. Andrea has a strong track record in marketing transformation at critical mass Omnicom's digital experienced design agency, where she spent seven years working in Asia, Europe and the United States prior to being main President two years ago. Andrea will focus on transformative marketing solutions and capabilities that drive business results for our global enterprise clients. In partnership with the GCL team, she will accelerate solutions that draw on the group's best talent, integrating Omnicom's leading capabilities in data, creative, media communications and technology. We will be sharing more updates on our client solutions strategy and new business team in the coming weeks. We are fortunate to be making these changes from a position of strength. We were recently recognized by the Effies with one of the industry's most prestigious honors, identifying ideas that work. The 2021 Global Effie Effectiveness Index named Omnicom the most effective marketing communications company in the world. Four of our agency networks, BBDO, DDB, OMD and TBWA placed in the top 6 of the most effective agency network category. In addition, OMD was named the most effective media agency network. These notable rankings demonstrate our standout talent. I want to congratulate all of our agencies and people on executing the most effective and creative work in the industry for the benefit of our clients. Overall, we're very pleased with our quarterly and year-to-date financial results as well as our progress on our key strategic initiatives. Based on our strong performance this quarter and for the first nine months of the year, we are increasing our prior organic growth forecast from 6.5% to 7%, to 8% to 8.5% for the full year 2022. We also continue to anticipate delivering the same strong operating margin of 15.4% for the full year of 2022 that we achieved in 2021. While we are cut in our forecast, we retain a healthy level of caution due to macro factors, including the ongoing war in Ukraine, the continuing disruption of global supply chains, the economic risk posed by rising interest rates here in the United States and higher inflation around the world. In light of these risks, we are actively taking actions to mitigate the potential negative effects of these macro factors on our business. I'm confident we are well equipped to handle any economic downturn and have the leadership teams in place to minimize the impact on our top and bottom lines. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro : Thanks, John. As you just heard from John, our third quarter results were solid, reflecting growth across all our disciplines. While the rate of growth as expected, is below our first half results. We feel very good about the competitive position of our company, leading us to raise our guidance for full year 2022 organic growth and we have a positive outlook for 2023 and beyond. Further down the income statement, our cost management has resulted in strong operating performance and operating profit margins. and our disciplined approach to capital allocation and investment has led to both improved service offerings and increased shareholder returns through dividends and buybacks, all while maintaining an excellent credit and liquidity position. Let's go into the financial details of the quarter, beginning on Slide 3. Reported total revenue in the third quarter was flat year-over-year at $3.4 billion. Organic growth was 7.5% for the quarter. However, as I'm sure you're aware, the U.S. dollar has strengthened significantly and almost half of our revenue is outside the U.S. In dollar terms for the third quarter, this drove the largest negative quarterly impact from foreign currency translation so far this year, a $216.6 million or 6.3% reduction of revenue. With most of our expenses incurred in the local markets where our revenue is earned, foreign currency translation impacted our profits as well. Reported operating profit for the third quarter increased around 1%. While on a constant currency basis, it increased 6%. Below line, higher interest income helped lower our net interest expense, and we benefited a bit from the translation impact of our euro and British pound-denominated debt. Overall, our net income rose 2.5% on a reported basis. Combined with a 4% reduction in shares year-over-year, diluted EPS rose 7.3% after a negative 5% headwind from foreign currency translation. On a year-to-date basis, it's helpful to turn to Slide 4, where we show adjustments to make the current and prior year-to-date periods more comparable. None of these adjustments are new this quarter. They were discussed earlier this year and last year. The year-to-date 2022 period, operating expenses and income taxes were impacted by charges in the first quarter arising from the effects of the war in Ukraine. For the year-to-date 2021 period, operating expenses benefited from a gain on sale of the subsidiary and both interest expense and income tax expense reflect the impact from the early extinguishment of debt. Similar to the quarterly results we just discussed the strength in the dollar this year also impacted our year-to-date results. Foreign currency translation reduced revenues by 4.5%. Operating profit on a non-GAAP adjusted basis was up 1.9%. And on a constant currency basis, was up 6.1%. For a more detailed look at our results, let's now turn to Slide 5, and begin with an analysis of the changes in our revenue. As discussed, the quarterly impact from foreign currency translation was negative 6.3%. The impact of acquisition and disposition revenue was negative 1%, primarily reflecting the disposition of our businesses in Russia during the first quarter. Organic growth was 7.5% for the quarter and 10.3% year-to-date. Looking forward, if FX rates stay where they were as of October 12, we estimate that the impact of foreign exchange rates will reduce our revenue by approximately 6.5% in the fourth quarter. Based on deals completed to date, we expect the impact from net acquisitions and dispositions will result in a reduction of our revenue of approximately 1.4% in the fourth quarter, primarily resulting from the disposition of our businesses in Russia. Turning to Slide 6. For the quarter, we once again showed growth across all of our disciplines with double-digit growth in three of them. Advertising & Media, our largest category, posted 6% organic growth in the quarter, led by strong media results. Precision Marketing continued its strong performance with 16% organic growth as clients turn to us for digital transformation, digital customer experience and data and analytics services. Commerce & Brand Consulting was again up 11% organically on the strength of our branding and design agencies. Experiential organic growth slowed to 2% as we continue to experience declines in China. As expected, growth in this discipline will remain choppy. Execution & Support which we also expected would grow slower in the second half, had organic growth of 4%. Public Relations grew a strong 13% organically, reflecting client demand across many industries and geographies. And lastly, Healthcare delivered solid organic growth of 5%. Turning to Slide 7 for organic growth rates by region. It's clear that growth was solid overall, but vary widely by region and as expected, each region grew a bit less than they did in the second quarter, both in the U.S. and internationally, in Q3, Organic growth was primarily driven by revenue growth in Advertising & Media, Precision Marketing, Commerce & Consulting and Public Relations. Organic growth in the U.S. was strong at 7.6%. And outside the U.S., the organic increase in revenue was led by the UK at 11.5% and Europe at 6%. Looking at revenue by industry sector on Slide 8. Relative to the third quarter of 2022, the broad distribution of our clients remain very stable.  Let's now turn to Slide 9 and look at our operating expenses for the quarter. For your reference, a slide in the appendix also presents this on a constant currency basis. Our total expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, were flat at $2.8 billion, down 10 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Salary related service costs were fairly constant at 50.8% of revenue compared to 50.4% last year. The slight increase was due primarily to the increase in organic revenue, an increase in headcount and a return to more normal business conditions. Third-party service costs were flat at 21% of revenue. Occupancy and other costs were also flat at 8.2% of revenue, a decrease due to lower rents and other occupancy costs, partially offset by an increase in office expense and other costs resulting from the return of our workforce to the office. SG&A expenses were down year-over-year as a percentage of revenue, due primarily to decreases in professional fees and third-party marketing costs. Turning to Slide 10. Our third quarter operating profit was $546 million, a 1% increase from last year, net of a reduction of 5.2% due to the impact of foreign currency translation. Our operating profit margin of 15.9% on total revenue was 10 basis points above last year's result. Please turn now to Slide 11 for our cash flow performance. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in working capital, which are generally positive for us on an annual basis. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2022 was $1.23 billion compared to $1.25 billion for the first nine months of last year, a small reduction year-over-year. However, as a reminder, we note that $48 million of the charges we recorded in the first quarter of 2022 for the effects of the war in Ukraine were cash related. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $438 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $63 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures of $66 million were at normal levels. Acquisition spend, net of dispositions and other items was $330 million. And lastly, our net stock repurchases during the third quarter were $486 million. We continue to expect total repurchases for the year at our historical annual range of around $500 million to $600 million. Slide 12 is an overview of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. During the quarter, the impact of foreign exchange rates on our euro and sterling denominated debt caused the book value of our outstanding debt to decrease to $5.5 billion from $5.7 billion as of December 31, 2021. There were no changes in outstanding balances during the quarter and our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backstops our $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program, remains undrawn. Our cash and equivalents were $3.3 billion, flat with our balance at June 30, 2022, reflecting an increase in net free cash flow during the quarter, which was offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation. Turning to Slide 13. Our operating capital discipline consistently drives above-average returns on both invested capital and equity. For the 12 months ended September 30, 2022, we generated a solid return on invested capital of 25% and a strong return on equity of 43%. We're confident that the outlook for our business growth and our prudent process for capital allocation will lead to increasing returns as they have historically.  Operator, please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Cahall with Wells Fargo.
Steven Cahall : John, maybe one for you and then one for Phil. Rather than asking for you to prognosticate on organic growth, which I know is hard maybe to ask it a different way. How are you thinking about the cost base and being proactive in a pretty volatile revenue environment? I think when we last spoke, you mentioned that there maybe could be some real estate opportunities or some opportunities in things like hiring and incentive comp. So I'm just thinking about when you look at the environment right now, is it a time to be very proactive or based on the good growth that you put up in the third quarter, do you actually feel like things are pretty stable in that proactive cost management is more something you can think about in the future?
John Wren : We're being -- we are internally acting as if the markets are going to be extremely difficult. Increasing our productivity in a couple of different areas is extremely important, and we're in the process of taking action and having very detailed conversations on a couple of fronts. One is correct is real estate. We have real estate, which leases expire throughout 2023 and 2024. And with a new approach towards flexible working hours, where we believe we're going to be able to reduce our real estate footprint globally. That's in process. We'll see what the market does. There's additional opportunities may come up. Where we'll be able to take advantage of lower prices in other markets where the leases maybe are a little longer. So that's number one. In terms of people and payroll, we're taking it seriously to look at our processes at a very granular level through each of our subsidiaries, looking to offshore where it's appropriate. And there's a big push on automation in terms of some of the things that we can do from an automated basis that in the past we couldn't. All of these we've recently met with all of our management teams together where we, frankly, discussed all of these things and they're part of our weekly agendas in terms of the progress that we're making. And as we get into profit planning for next year, we'll be setting targets and expectations for each of those companies.
Steven Cahall : Great. And then, Phil, kind of a similar flavor to the same question. This year, growth is strong and operating margins are guided to kind of flat year-on-year. Does the same logic hold that if growth slows down, operating margins stay pretty consistent? Or if we do get into a tougher growth environment, do you expect there to be some downward pressure to operating margins?
Phil Angelastro : Sure. I think if the environment is challenging, it's certainly a challenge that we're going to meet face on or head on but the flexible cost structure that we have, which includes still, as of now, some open positions, we're going to take advantage of that. I think maybe the most instructive thing you could do is take a look at our performance prior to and subsequent to prior recessions for business disruptions like COVID and you get the sense that we've been through this before, not just people on the call, but the people who are managing the company all around the world. So we've got the experience managing through these types of disruptions or uncertainties, we're going to be aggressive about it and act accordingly to make the adjustments we need to make as quickly as we can make them to rightsize businesses to the revenue outlook for that business. That being said, we don't know what '23 is going to hold at this point, but we're certainly preparing for it to be ready to manage through any disruptions that might occur.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet : So I just have a quick question. If you guys deliver on your guidance this year and organic growth slows to like 3% or something next year, I think it would be the best three-year stacked organic growth rate that you guys have put up since 2006 or maybe 2007, a long time ago. So I guess in very simple terms, can you just help us understand what has made your business so much better? And I'll offer up a couple of hypotheticals that you can react to. One would be disposition of your slower growing businesses and other would be inflation and other would be sort of the privacy changes that were put in by Apple that might all provide tailwinds. But any sort of color to help us understand why your business is doing so much better than it's done in a very, very long time.
John Wren : Yes, sure. Our portfolio today isn't comparable really to when our portfolio was 3.5, four years ago. That -- the instances you referred to, 2019, 2020 was the end of a five-year period in which we were disposing things. That contributed to our profit, but didn't necessarily contribute to our growth. And we were able, in good times, to find buyers who are interested in those companies, and we offloaded them. Similarly, we made investments in areas where we believe that growth would be consistent in good times and in bad, you can see that reflected in our precision marketing, assets. You can see that in the changes that were made in our public relations category and also the expansion of services in the health area. So as well as more traditional areas, we cleaned up low growth geographies and/or what we felt were product loans. It's a process which has served us well. It will continue to serve us well, I believe, as we face more challenging times if they come and we're planning that more challenging times aren't -- we're facing more challenging times because of inflation and some of the macro factors that are out there in the marketplace. And we're also very comfortable, I'd say, in the upgrades we've made to our management and our leadership throughout the world over the same period of time. So everybody on the team is aware of those many, many steps that we have to go through in order to be successful, period.
Jason Bazinet : Can I just ask one follow-up? One of the things that you cited were very Omnicom specific. But we're seeing broad-based strength across all of your competitors too. So it seems like there's an industry overlay on top of the things that Omnicom has done. Is that wrong?
John Wren : No, I don't think it's wrong. I think that the marketplace complexity has increased, which makes not only Omnicom, but our competitor is important. I think the great resignation, which had an impact on some of our businesses were able to manage through, also had an impact on how our clients face that complexity. And I don't have the evidence to back this up, but I believe it to be true is in the last two recessions, it's been pretty evident that companies that continue to market through those recessions, prospered and came out of them more quickly than ones that just focused on cutting costs and indiscriminately. So a combination of factors and technology is different. There's a revolution we're moving to electric cars. We're moving to more efficient ways of doing business. All of those things means that you want your brand known and supported by the marketplace and known as being progressive in addressing issues, which are going to face businesses, recession and in good times.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan.
David Karnovsky : John, just wondering if you could speak a little bit to what you're hearing from clients right now in terms of how you kind of balancing perceived or real macro risk against kind of the need to invest in brands and performance. And then with regards to year-end project work, any early view into how this potentially looks? And Phil, I'm wondering if you could say kind of what you've assumed within your guidance out of that sort of $200 million to $250 million you've historically flagged?
John Wren : Sure. I mean, I think every intelligent company is seeing that globally, these macro factors are a mixture for further confusion in a complex environment at one level. At another level, there's new areas that are coming on stream that didn't exist before. If you look at media, you look at all the providers that are out there that have decided to go to add an advertising model to the products that they're offering. You see our automotive manufacturers, promoting their progress that they're making with the car of the future being a communication device driven by electric power as opposed to gasoline power. So it's there is many difficult things that are out there. There's enough fundamental changes that are going on in the marketplace that have kept the marketers keen and very interested in making certain once again that their brands are recognized and differentiated so that when consumers make choices, that their brands are seriously considered.
Phil Angelastro: And on the year-end project front, I'd say we're in a similar situation that we've been in in every October for quite some time. We don't have a lot of visibility yet into how much you earn project work or agencies are going to capture. Typically, thereafter, a number which is in the neighborhood of $200 million to $250 million of potential project spend. Some years, we get it all, some years very rarely, I would say, we don't get much, if any of it. I would say we don't expect to get it all this year. But as we've gone through the process of looking at the fourth quarter with our companies, agency by agency bottoms up. There's a number of companies that have an expectation based on their past history of what they could capture. They've made an estimate probably a conservative estimate. And as we look out into the fourth quarter, we've kind of considered that in our guidance. So we do expect that will be successful we don't expect we'll get it all this year, but we're pretty optimistic or the one thing we know is that people are going to be out there working on getting it because their incentives are aligned with ours, and it will drive incremental profit and incremental bonus for them as well.
David Karnovsky : Maybe if I could just squeeze in one more, John. PRs continue to perform really strongly. I think it's like six quarters at this point, and it didn't really drop even that much during the pandemic. Just wondering if you could kind of speak to some of the factors that have just kind of driven the strength in that business?
John Wren : There's no alchemy. We did change leadership in recent conversation with some of my other management. I'm extremely proud of the leadership that we have of that group. It's craft-driven and craft lead now. And I know that in the past, when it was run or managed by people who didn't have such a deep understanding of the craft, the performance was different the gentleman and team that leads it now is very proactive, very hands-on, very close to its clients and its people. And I think that's paying huge dividends. And it's hard to measure, but it's easy to see. I think the product is also much closer and much more important in the consumer journey and probably more relevant in terms of brand awareness as well as the actual completion of the sale. Influencers didn't exist in 2016, they exist today. PR takes a leading position in things like that. So I don't have the precise answer, but I do know that we have the right people, I think, doing the right things and adjusting our product appropriately for the current circumstances that we're operating in.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson : John, a question for you and one for Phil. I think, John, there's a thesis emerging that the complexity of digital beyond Facebook and Google is really driving demand for your digital media business across everyone's business at this point. Can you talk a bit about what you've seen in what isolate on the media buying front planning front just on digital and just the addition of retail media, TikTok, Apple, Amazon, Netflix to come, what do you see in terms of like the growth rates rolling it down to there? And then Phil, if there's a concern with the model, it's just rising inflation on -- for salary and services, can you talk a bit about what you're seeing kind of on a point-to-point level on inflation and how that could be managed wage inflation in the next 12 to 14 months?
John Wren : Sure. I mean in terms of digital, digital has taken over the majority portion of how we speak to various groups of consumers. And there's been a an ever-increasing number of providers of interesting digital sites, information, which have their own following, which are Omni product and some of our early concerns in involvement in how we refine and identify potential customers in a privacy-compliant manner has put us in a position where we've been very agile and being able to react to changes as they happen, I was going to say market by market, but in the United States even state by state. And the retail media is a new -- relatively new entry into the marketplace. And during COVID, it had an explosion. And people in your business measure that the way you measure it because I guess you do it comparably. But when you think about it, it's been a lot more platforms out there, right? You have Amazon, you have Walmart, you have Kroger, you have Target. You have missing some others, I'm sure. We've entered into serious partnership arrangements with all these folks to is to be able to assist the consumer and consult with our clients about which platform, at which moment or which product is the appropriate platform to be used. And we've been able to incorporate that into our Omni product and make it available to our practitioners who are consulting with clients on a day-to-day basis on the best way to achieve their KPIs.
Phil Angelastro: On the inflation or managing things. Certainly, it's a reality of what everybody is dealing with today, ourselves and our agencies along with our clients. And frankly, we're -- as we've said before, we continue to look for efficiencies in the cost structure. It's a flexible cost structure. We've been pursuing opportunities for offshoring outsourcing automation, as John mentioned earlier. And we've got a number of open positions and access to a flexible workforce that we could fill those positions if we need to with contractors and a flexible workforce rather than with permanent people in some cases. We're also having discussions with our clients on an ongoing basis, and those discussions continue. The results vary. Some of them result in increase in our rate card changes in the scope of work, incremental work, et cetera. So there's no one silver bullet to deal with inflation in our cost base. But it's a combination of things that really we need to do at the detailed agency-by-agency level. But we're certainly driving a number of initiatives to make sure that we take advantage of whatever opportunities we have to find efficiencies and new ways of working coming out of COVID is certainly helpful in that respect.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne : Just keeping with the theme of trying to think about the strong results to continue to deliver and the macro, we're all worrying about, could you talk to us a little bit, John, about the performance of the company this year thus far in the UK and the euro markets where arguably the macro maybe is the most concerning and yet you're doing double-digit growth. Is there anything you would add to the comments you've made already on this call about sort of what's driving that performance? And then I had a quick follow-up for Phil.
John Wren : Sure. I just got back last week, I spent a week in Europe. I was in Germany, I was in Italy, I was in [Lausanne], a few other places and interfacing with quite a number of our leaders. We're very fortunate where it etches market by market a little bit. But you take the UK, for instance, our healthcare businesses were outstanding this particular quarter. Our precision marketing business has been outstanding consistently throughout Europe on systems work as well as lower funnel type of work. And we are a media consultancy and needed skill set by many of our clients for them to obtain and achieve their objectives. Plus I'm very happy with again, and you said referencing in my prior comments, I have to go back to them, the portfolio that we have of assets throughout the world, but especially in Europe. We've taken a lot of actions over the last several years, finishing up a lot of those actions thankfully right before COVID. And probably equivalent of spending every day in the gym, we've toned up the assets that we had and added a lot of people with a lot of very specific but appropriately specific skills.
Ben Swinburne : Got it. So do you think there's some share gain in there, too, it sounds like?
John Wren : Yes. Yes. I mean I think, yes, share gain is certainly part of it. But I think these assets have allowed us to expand the budgets that were previously -- we're probably more limited in terms of the things that we could properly service our clients. I think the addition of many of these assets that we've made in the last several years, especially in precision marketing and some of the more refined nuances of healthcare, just to make two have allowed us to enjoy or compete for budgets that prior to this in the old pre-COVID days weren't necessarily available to us. So our marketplace has expanded.
Ben Swinburne : Right. And then, Phil, I guess, technically, this is two. I wanted to just, again, come back to the implied fourth quarter and your guidance, I think would be, I don't know, something like 3% or 3.5% organic. You already talked about the project work. Anything else you'd call out that would suggest that growth would step down that much from Q3 to Q4? And then anything on the buyback. The buyback was a little lower this quarter than last quarter. Is that just sort of being a little more conservative given everything we're reading and seeing out there? Or anything you want to say about capital allocation as we look forward, given the strong balance sheet and cash flow?
Phil Angelastro : I'll take capital allocation first. So as far as the buyback, I think what you've seen so far through the first three quarters of '22 is probably relatively consistent with our pre-COVID approach. We tend to be in the market a little more in the first half of the year. And in the second half of the year, the third and the fourth quarter, we typically aren't in the market as much. That trend, I think, is consistent in '22. We said we intend to buy probably between $500 million and $600 million, we're close to the bottom of that range. We expect to still have some activity in the fourth quarter. We haven't made a decision on how much yet, but we're going to stick to that $500 million to $600 million for the year. And as far as capital allocation overall, I think you should expect us to continue to be consistent with our approach. We'll continue to pay an attractive dividend. We're going to seek to do M&A to the extent it meets our strategic goals and our financial requirements, most probably small tuck-in acquisitions that worked very successfully for us over the years. And then we'll use the balance of our free cash to buy share. So you can count on seeing consistency from that perspective.  And then lastly, to go back to your other question, I think the numbers, the range is -- would lead you to somewhere between 2% and 3.5% growth in the fourth quarter, which you're comfortable with. And I think there is an expectation given the lockdowns in China and some other general uncertainty that our experiential business will probably take a step back in Q4. It's a choppier business. It's a great business for us. It's performing well. The people managing the business or businesses have been doing a great job, but we expect it will take a step back in the fourth quarter. Some of our execution and support businesses may do the same. But we expect good performance and good growth out of the rest of the portfolio, which has had a great year so far and more hopeful we'll finish strong in the fourth quarter as well.
John Wren : The only thing I would add, I think implicit in the numbers that you can look at. The overall project work that we always refer to is still out there. We've spent the last several weeks going company by company, looking for people who had more certainty about the projects that we'd be coming through, and there's still some portion of that, that as we continue to make inquiries and weeks go by it, we'll get more and more clarity.
Operator: And the next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber : Great. My first question, I mean, given these I think there are very strong results during the quarter and year-to-date, and you compare that to the macro headwinds out there that we all know about. Can you maybe just talk about maybe the tone the conversations you're having with maybe your major European and U.S. clients here to help account for the fact that your numbers are seemingly so much stronger that the macro environment is shaping up as?
John Wren : Well, Yes. I think at the risk of repeating myself, I think all of -- all the factors that we've talked about throughout the call or a play -- There are new retail marketplaces that didn't exist in the past. We offer incredibly new services, which especially in precision marketing and those consultancy type of activities, which have made budgets, which prior to this, were available to us. We've been able to successfully compete and get our share of those projects. And off times those projects a multi-quarter type of projects in terms of from start, which is design of them to execution and delivery of them. And just the healthier shape of the portfolio. I think, as Phil mentioned, some of our execution businesses I think are ramped up and ready to respond to the demand that's out there, but there it's been a bit choppy because of things like the China shutdowns or different interruptions, which have happened from time to time. But we have several of the best assets in the marketplace. And as I look forward, I see a loosening of that. We have Olympics that are coming up. We have FIFA World Cup that are coming up. We have a lot of different activities that we prosper from. And so it's a combination. I wish it was as simple as things I could just rattle off and satisfy your question. But I think it's a combination of all of these things that have made it have made us opportunities to us, it increases the complexity that a CMO or a CIO or a CEO has to go through in order to reach their customers and achieve their objectives. And we are an excellent provider of assisting them and simplifying that complexity and bringing the best-in-class services and making them available to them.
Phil Angelastro : Certainly, from a macro perspective as well in terms of the first nine months of the year, the consumers continue to spend, clients have continued to spend. I think we're talking about what happens if and when the environment changes, hard to gauge how much it's going to change by. But the environment certainly has been a positive in the context of the types of services that we provide.
John Wren : And maybe unlike some of the other recessions, which have happened in the past, this one has been a little bit slower rolling. We've all been anticipating it, especially as central banks raise interest rates and create different macro issues and God knows what's going to happen in the war in Ukraine, and people have worked through and have been working through their supply chain issues. So we've been able to adapt as all of that, and we'll continue to adapt as that continues.
Craig Huber : That's very helpful. My follow-up question, if I could. With the very high inflation rates out there, do you feel that that's helping your organic revenue growth here that you're able to pass on higher cost here in a material way much more so than the past?
John Wren : That's certainly that wholesale across the board. We have been able to get improved pricing on some clients, but it's certainly not an assumption that we make because that same inflation cost causes inconveniences for our clients. And the end of the day, we're partners. So the ones that prosper we prosper the ones that suffer, we suffer with because we have long-term relationships with. So we're trying wherever it's sensible to get paid fairly for the services we provide. And our clients are very much aware of the fact that we all face similar problems and been doing a level best client by client to address ourselves and adjust appropriately, whether it's scope of work, whether it's at a rate card, the list goes on.
Operator: And at this time, we have no one else in the queue. We'll turn the call back over to management. Please go ahead.
John Wren : Listen, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today to discuss our very strong third quarter results, and we look forward to seeing many of you over the coming weeks and months in conferences and calls. Thanks, again.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our second quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, we posted a press release along with the presentation covering the information we'll review today as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start today, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements, non-GAAP financial and other information that we've included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2021 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John and then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the line for your questions. I'll now hand the call to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to share our second quarter results. Our second quarter performance was very strong. We exceeded our expectations with organic growth of 11.3%, which was broad-based across our agencies, disciplines, regions and client sectors. Operating profit margin for the quarter was 15.2%, 70 basis points higher than our comparable margin in 2021. Our agency management teams continue to grow their top line while closely managing costs in line with revenue. Earnings per share for the quarter was $1.68, up 15.1% versus the comparable amount in 2021. Finally, our cash flow, liquidity and balance sheet remain very strong and we continue to support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. Phil will cover our results in more detail during his remarks. During the quarter, we continue to focus on evolving our existing capabilities to meet the needs of our clients and prospects. Most notably, we expanded and strengthened our e-commerce and retail media capabilities. At the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity in June, we announced a number of first of its kind e-commerce collaborations with Amazon, Instacart, Kroger and Walmart. We now have more than 1,500 certified experts helping our clients navigate the complexity of executing media and driving sales on retail media platforms. The commerce partnerships we recently announced will provide us with additional access to online and in-store transactions and audiences, so we can deliver more precise and actionable consumer insights, more effective creative ideas and content and more targeted media for our clients. We are delivering these services by leveraging the power of our omni platform. We have developed omni commerce which integrates data about audiences, shopper behavior, media, content, shelf analytics, sales and inventory. Omni commerce enables us to maximize brand awareness and increase the effectiveness of our clients' retail media investments, driving product sales and profitability. We're pleased to see our efforts in this critical area being recognized in a recent Forrester report which noted that Omnicom Media Group leads across our peer set in retail and commerce media, audience intelligence capabilities, optimization and operations automation. Going forward, we will continue to invest organically and through acquisitions in e-commerce and retail media as well as in our other growth areas, including performance media, CRM and Precision Marketing, digital transformation and MarTech Consulting and the health sector. As we continue to expand the capabilities of Omni, we are maintaining our privacy-first approach in how we aggregate and manage data on behalf of our clients and partners. To oversee these efforts, we recently appointed Brian Clayton as Omnicom's Chief Data Privacy Officer. Brian has an extensive background in data privacy that incorporates data ethics, governance and protection. He will be a key member of our team as we continue to protect the privacy and security of the data we manage. Clients are rightfully demanding greater insight and control over their data as third-party cookies come to an end and has increasingly complex data privacy laws and regulations emerge around the globe. Our approach is to ensure that we have Omnicom-wide privacy practices, frameworks and programs that safeguard the security of client data, employee data and data we obtain from third-party partners. Continuing with some key leadership additions, I'm pleased to announce the appointment of Matt McNally as CEO of Omnicom Health Group. He succeeds Ed Weiss, who recently announced his retirement. Christina Hansen was named U.S. CEO of OMD. Christy has served as the network's Global Chief Strategy Officer since 2018. She succeeds John Osborn, who after more than 30 years with Omnicom, is stepping back to focus on his long-standing work with non-profit organizations. In June, we attended the Cannes Lions. Omnicom agencies for more than 30 countries won over 120 Lions. Two of our creative networks, DDB and BBDO, placed in the top five in the Network of the Year competition. In media, OMD won Media Network of the Year, which was followed by a recent report from Forrester naming Omnicom Media Group as having the strongest current offering in the marketplace. Congratulations to all our agencies and people on their exceptional performance. DE&I continues to be a top priority for us. And during the quarter, we issued our diversity, equity and inclusion performance report. I encourage our people and stakeholders to read the report on our website and know we are committed to keep building on our progress moving forward. Overall, we are very pleased with our progress on our key strategic initiatives and our first half financial results. Our notable new partnerships and continued investments in high-growth areas position us extremely well to service our clients now and in the future. While we remain confident in our strategies and execution, we're retaining a healthy level of caution due to the existing macro factors, including the ongoing war in the Ukraine, the effects of the pandemic across markets, the continuing disruption of global supply chains and the economic risks posed by higher inflation and rising interest rates. Even with this backdrop, we are continuing to see strong demand for our services, and based on our first half results, are increasing our organic revenue growth forecast to between 6.5% to 7% for the full year in 2022. We also continue to anticipate delivering the same strong operating margin of 15.4% in 2022 that we delivered in 2021. Before I finish, I'd like to address the ongoing challenges our people are facing around the globe. The war in the Ukraine continues to impact the lives of our colleagues and their families in Ukraine and is having an effect on our people around the world. We remain steadfast in supporting them for as long as needed. In the U.S., we're continued to encounter mass shootings, senseless acts of gun violence and racially motivated hate crimes. My heart goes out to the families of the victims of these crimes. Finally, the Supreme Court's decision to overturn was a step back in the advancement of women's rights and is having a detrimental effect on many of our colleagues. We're committed to ensuring our people have equal access to health services no matter where they live in the United States. Our actions with respect to the Ukraine war and the recent Supreme Court decisions reflect our commitment to always put the safety and well-being of our colleagues first. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financial results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John. As John said, our second quarter results were very solid. Organic growth continued at a very high rate, driven by performance across all of our disciplines. Our growth delivered healthy operating margins and good earnings per share performance. And we continue to return a significant portion of our free cash flow to our investors through dividends and additional share buybacks. Let's go into the financial details of the quarter, beginning on Slide 4. This view of the reported income statement shows adjustments to make the second quarter of the prior year comparable as well as making the six months for both 2021 and 2022 comparable. As we described last year, for the second quarter of 2021, operating expenses in the second quarter of last year benefited from a gain on the sale of a subsidiary. Interest expense includes a charge in the second quarter of last year on the early extinguishment of debt. And income tax expense in the second quarter of last year was also impacted by the early extinguishment of debt. In addition, as we discussed last quarter, for the year-to-date 2022 period, operating expenses included charges arising from the effects of the war in Ukraine in the first quarter of this year, and income taxes were also impacted by these charges. As you can see at the bottom of the slide, the net effects of these items resulted in strong EPS of $1.68 versus $1.46 from Q1 of 2021 as adjusted, representing EPS growth of 15.1% in the second quarter. For the six months, EPS of $3.07 as adjusted grew 10% from $2.79, also as adjusted. Our reported tax rate was 26.5% this quarter, the same level we expect for the remainder of the year. Net interest expense for Q2 of $40.1 million declined by $6.8 million from $46.9 million in Q2 of 2021, excluding the charge from the early extinguishment of debt last year, as previously discussed. The decline was principally driven by an increase in interest income in Q2 of 2022 of approximately $4 million. Given our principal debt is fixed rate, we expect net interest expense to decline in the second half compared to the prior year as interest income increases due to higher investing rates compared to 2021. Lastly, our diluted share count was down almost 5% year-over-year in the second quarter due to our ongoing share repurchase activity. Now let's look at our results in more detail, beginning with revenues on Slide 5. Reported revenues were flat as another quarter of strong organic growth at 11.3% was offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange rates and disposition revenue in excess of acquisition revenue. Both of these impacts were expected as we saw the dollar continue to strengthen globally and as we pass the final two months of our divestiture of a specialty media subsidiary last June, which was included in our Advertising & Media discipline in the U.S. The year-to-date results closely mirror the second quarter. If rates stay where they were as of July 15, we estimate that the impact of foreign exchange rates will reduce our revenue by approximately 6% in the third quarter and by 4.5% for the year. Based on deals completed to date, we expect the impact from net acquisitions and dispositions will result in a reduction of our revenue by approximately 1% in the third quarter, primarily resulting from the disposition of our businesses in Russia, and by approximately 4.5% for the full year. Turning to Slide 6. It's clear that our organic strength was broad-based across all of our disciplines. Advertising & Media, our largest category, posted 8% organic growth in the quarter, with strong performance in both our media and our creative agencies. Precision Marketing continued its strong performance with 21% organic growth in the second quarter. Commerce & Brand Consulting was up 11%, led by our branding and design agencies. Experiential had organic growth of 37%, but it's worth noting that lockdowns in Q2 in China weighed on these otherwise good results. As a reference, in reported dollar terms for the first six months of 2022, this discipline has reached approximately 80% of its pre-pandemic revenue levels. Execution & Support was up 9%, led by our merchandising and point-of-sale businesses. PR was up a very strong 16%, reflecting growth from both long-standing and new clients and increased business activity across many sectors of the economy. And Healthcare, which is 10% of our revenues, grew an impressive 9%. Turning to Slide 7. We once again saw strong organic growth rates in every region with the exception of Asia-Pacific, which was impacted by the lockdowns in China, as I just mentioned. This was nicely offset by acceleration in the U.S., Europe and the U.K. In the U.S., which is more than half of our revenues, our 10.7% organic growth was primarily driven by growth in Advertising & Media, Public Relations, Precision Marketing and Healthcare. Outside of the U.S., growth was led by Europe, which was primarily driven by Advertising & Media, Experiential and PR. Despite the headwinds in Experiential in Asia, the region saw strong results in Advertising & Media, brand consulting and Healthcare. Looking at revenue by industry sector on Slide 8 relative to the second quarter of 2021. The broad distribution of our clients remained relatively stable. As a percentage of the total, we did see an increase in technology, offset by reductions in both retail and travel and entertainment. Two sectors that have both been impacted by the economy and by some lingering pandemic effects. Let's now turn to Slide 9 and look at our operating expenses for the quarter. In total, our operating expenses were relatively flat, which is a good result given the strong growth in our business, tight labor markets in several regions and our continued investment in our strategic focus areas. Salary and related service costs were 50.5% of revenue compared to 50.9% last year after adjusting 2021 for amounts related to acquisitions and dispositions. Third-party service costs were 21.4% of revenue compared to 20.1% last year, also after adjusting for amounts related to acquisitions and dispositions with the increase reflecting growth in our businesses. Occupancy and other costs, which are less directly linked to changes in revenue, were flat year-over-year. We will continue to manage our real estate footprint in alignment with how people are working in our offices post pandemic. And it's also worth mentioning that our rent expense was down this quarter. S&A expenses were up 7.5% year-over-year, following the increase in our business activity, including higher marketing and professional fees compared to last year. Turning to Slide 10. Our second quarter operating profit was $541.6 million, a 4.6% increase from last year and our operating profit margin of 15.2% on total revenues was well above the comparable amount for last year of 14.5% as adjusted. Please turn now to Slide 11 for our cash flow performance. As you know, we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in working capital, which are generally positive for us on an annual basis. Free cash flow for the first six months of 2022 was $768 million, down $28 million or 3.5% from the first half of last year. However, $48 million of the charges we recorded in the first quarter for the effects of the war in Ukraine were cash-related. Absent this, we were up a bit year-over-year. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $294 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $38 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures of $43 million were at normal levels. Acquisitions net of dispositions and other items were $289 million. And lastly, our net stock repurchases during the first quarter were $393 million, including another $100 million in the second quarter. As we said on our call in April, for the full year 2022, we expect we will spend at our historical annual range of around $500 million to $600 million. On Slide 12 is an overview of our credit, liquidity and debt maturities. There were no changes in our outstanding debt during the second quarter, and our gross leverage at June 30 was 2.4x. In addition to $3.3 billion of cash and short-term investments, we also have a $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program, backstopped by our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. I'll end my prepared remarks today on Slide 13, which shows our strong return on invested capital of 24.4% for the 12 months ended June 30, a 41.9% return on equity. These are very strong and very competitive returns and reflect Omnicom's consistent operating performance and approach to capital allocation. At this point, operator, please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: So maybe first question, you could just talk a little bit about how the business compares today to what it was like in previous cycles. A lot of change in the industry, a lot of it has changed in the complexion of the Company as you've bought and sold certain businesses. So maybe, John, I would just love to get your take on how different the business is maybe to some of the last times we were heading into a more volatile macroeconomic environment? And then to kind of follow up on that, you gave the flattish margin guidance for the year on a really strong organic growth number. What I'm wondering is, let's just say that maybe next year the growth isn't going to be so good because of the macro for the industry. Does it also mean that the margins are pretty steady? Have we just kind of reached a point where the margins are kind of steady through the cycle? Or should we expect margins to be down a bit if organic growth slows down? I would just love to get your view on the margins. Thank you.
John Wren: Okay. This has probably been my one, two, third, fourth -- at least fourth, but we haven't gotten through the recession yet. I've been through three others. And the way I'd categorize the portfolio today is it's more fit for purpose than any time in my career. You're absolutely right in pointing out. We've spent a lot of time cleaning up the portfolio. And in the last 18 months have been adding to those areas, which are the highest growth. And the way I referred to it is fit for purpose. So I'm pleased where we stand, the management changes that we've made. And across the board, there's always little things to do, but there are fewer things to get correct in -- at any other point in my career. And so we're very pleased. We continue to invest organically in things that we believe will add to our revenue next year and beyond. And those investments are getting made as we speak. And they're included already in the numbers that you see reflected and reported here. In terms of margins, it's way too early to predict what next year's margins are going to be. But we've always endeavored and I think -- I would think there is an example where we've had time to plan where we've not been able to maintain margins and we endeavor always to improve them. We're constantly looking at our major expenses, which are matching staff to revenue and our management throughout the Company is very, very aware and very capable of doing that. And the second biggest expense is real estate, which improves every single year for us.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, just one clarifying point. You referred to margins in 2022 being flat. When you carve out the second quarter non-recurring gain from the disposal of a business we had last year and you keep margins flat, that represents somewhere around 30-plus basis points of improvement year-on-year, lifetime. So -- and like John said, certainly, we're always focused on ways to be more efficient, utilizing outsourcing and offshoring and automation. And there's just an awful lot of uncertainties out there in the future, but we're always trying to be more efficient and then deliver that improvement prospectively.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Well, I haven't lived through as many recessions you guys have, but I've lived through three, and let me -- at least on the sell-side, and let me just ask this question. The behavior on the buy-side, historically is a company misses, another company misses and then the buy-side wakes up and says, hey, it's a recession. This is the only time I can remember where the buy-side is convinced that there's a recession when there isn't as much tangible evidence on the ground of a slowdown. And so, I guess my question for you is, does the buy-side's pessimism seem reasonable to you based on what you're hearing from your clients, I guess not this year, but potentially next year?
John Wren: Well, we just got back from the Cannes Festival where we had the occasion to be personally with quite a number of our largest clients. And if I had to characterize a point of view, everybody is cautious because of the unknowns that are out there. But most sophisticated marketers who have lived through past recessions know that if they cut back too dearly, they lose sales as the recoveries start to happen. So people are very cautious about serious cutbacks with -- as long as there's no dramatic traumas in the marketplace. So, we'll know more because every one of our reforecast and then certainly once we get into planning towards the end of the year for next year, is done from a bottoms-up point of view, where we're speaking to individual offices, managers, people who have day-to-day contact with clients. And we also get sight on media spending and some commitments that they have to extend into the coming months to help us manage our organization. So -- and I don't know anything about your business.
Operator: Next, we'll go the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: I'll continue the line of thought on if and when we go into a recession, which seems to be everybody's foregone conclusion. But again, I think it's remarkable that there seems to be no sign at all in your numbers thus far. But my question is, in prior recessionary periods, we saw a very clear shift from, let's call it, traditional media into digital media or brand advertising into targeted marketing, whatever that may be. And I just wonder, how are you thinking about if there's a slowdown of whatever magnitude going into next year, what happens like what is left to shift to digital, if I could ask it that way. And what areas within that might be of interest that could sort of hold the fort -- I mean, there's the connected TV. You mentioned e-commerce several times on this call. If you could just enlighten us a bit more as to what the sort of resilient or even possibly growth the areas might be.
John Wren: Sure. Tim, as we look out, there's going to be a couple of areas where advertising is going to be absolutely necessary, especially as you get into things like the streaming wars that I anticipate will be coming next year. Also as the subscription services have to become ad-supported, that will create opportunities for our clients. And with the data and our capabilities to optimize client spending we should be able to take advantage of that to the benefit of the client proving that $1 invested gets such a $1 return. So also when they compare to prior periods, as I said -- mentioned just briefly a couple of minutes ago, I truly think we have a more balanced and fit-for-purpose portfolio today than at any other point in my career. And we are able to pivot. We're a great deal more agile. And whether it's digital or whatever the requirement is in reaching the customer and we're terribly focused on Precision Marketing. Which when you boil it down, is selling things. And that's why we exist to attract clients to products and to move them our shelves or out of warehouses and sell and I'm pleased. I'm never 100% satisfied. That's why we're always making investments. And our reference to e-commerce is very important, not only this year and next year, but once you look at projections about where this marketplace is expected to go in the next couple of years, we're making investments that will keep us fit for purpose as we move forward. So I don't know if that covers it, Tim, but...
Tim Nollen: Yes. No. That's great. Could I ask one quick follow-on?
John Wren: Certainly.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Tim Nollen: Which is about -- it's just -- probably just nitpicking and I might know the answer, but it's looking at your revenue in Q2 and year-to-date. It looks like Asia-Pac was the laggard in Q2, and it looks like it slowed meaningfully from Q1. And just -- is this related to China lockdowns? Or just if you could just let us know why that particular reason sticks out versus the rest?
John Wren: Yes. I think China is the exception, and we felt that probably most dearly in our executional businesses, where the shutdowns prevented us and prevented clients from having trade shows and other type of affairs, which are generally a part of our revenue. So shutdowns do affect those executional areas more than almost any other area.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Wondering if you could stick to your performance through the quarter. Outside of events with China, which you just spoke about, were there any observed changes in client budgets and some of the headlines were macro worsened even at the margin? And then, John, as it relates to areas like digital transformation or CRM which have had really strong tailwinds coming out of the pandemic, would you expect client spend here to adjust down with a softening economy? Or is the investment that marketers are making right now a lot more structural than that?
John Wren: I believe that the investments clients are making are structural and they will continue. And we haven't announced it, we've already won business. It doesn't really start until the first quarter of next year. So I have reason to believe my statement. The first part of your question, I'm sorry, if you would.
David Karnovsky: Just about performance through the quarter, did you observe any changes in client budgets, some of the headlines around macro worsened, obviously leaving aside the China event stuff that you just spoke about.
John Wren: Sure. No other macro trends that I can point out. There are always puts and takes in terms of what clients are doing. And I'd say on balance, because of the portfolio and because of the agility that we've developed, we're able to shift with the clients as that occurs.
Phil Angelastro: We're not as focused on a monthly number, David. I wouldn't say that we saw any trends in -- yes, the months of this second quarter that were unusual that would lead us to conclude anything different other than yes, it was a very good quarter, and our expectations have gone up as a result of it as John had indicated earlier.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: I have two questions. First is on the M&A environment. John, you've talked about wanting to put more capital to work on the acquisition front. You made some this year. But I'm wondering if just the change in the market backdrop -- capital market backdrop has changed your appetite at all? Or maybe have seller multiples come in at all given private market valuations, I think, have started to follow public market valuation so much? Or maybe have your areas of focus shifted at all? And then I had a follow-up.
John Wren: Sure. Our area of focus hasn't changed at all. We -- I commented the areas we're most interested in, in my prepared remarks. And I think that's fairly consistent with where we've been all year. I do think that -- although I'm waiting for it to come through, that people on potential targets are adjusting their expectations, albeit not quick enough for us in terms of the cost of capital and what that's going to do to the fantasy land that occurred for -- if I get back 24 or 30 months, we're coming back into more normalcy as the Fed increases rates, and then other areas in the world to defend their currencies and markets also could increase rates. That's going to make deals more reasonable than they were this time last year.
Ben Swinburne: Great. And then I was just wondering if you guys could help us interpret the full year guidance a little bit. You've outperformed the first half to what you laid out back at the beginning of the year, outperformed quite a bit. Rough numbers, I think you're up 11.5% in the first half, guiding to 6.5% to 7% for the year. So that, I think, plugs out to like fairly low single-digit growth in the second half. Is that kind of continued conservatism, pragmatism like we saw in the first half? Or is that -- is your visibility reasonably solid, so that's probably where we should expect you to be? Because that's obviously a pretty significant deceleration from what a strong first half you've had.
John Wren: Well, you've known us for quite a while. And again, we're going to refer back to my prepared remarks, we remain cautious, and you know that we're cautious. We increased the guidance from -- in each of the past two quarters. Modestly, you could argue, given where we are for six months. And it is us just simply being cautious. We're not ones to overextend ourselves. And for those that have followed us for a long time, not for the third quarter, but in terms of the fourth quarter, there's -- for the last, God knows how many years, always caution about the amount of project business that happens at the end of the year. I'll know better by the time we get to October. But we weren't going to project that was going to come through at this point because we prefer to be cautious and then over-deliver if we can.
Ben Swinburne: Yes. And that came through last year, right, in the fourth quarter?
John Wren: It did oddly enough. I mean it's -- in the last over two decades, I think it's come through in all but two years. So -- but again, that becomes is there going to be heat in Europe in the fourth quarter or not.
Phil Angelastro: So yes, I think our expectations as it relates to our Experiential and execution businesses are probably rightly cautious and more cautious than certainly the rest of the portfolio as we head into the second half. But overall, I think we're cautious mainly because of the things that are outside of our control.
John Wren: And thank you for getting that question out of the way.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Benjamin Rosner with Moffett Nathanson. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Rosner: Great. Following up on an earlier question on margins as it relates to the recession as well. So in prior economic downturns, you've been able to effectively manage margins given the variable cost nature of your business model. But now you expect to have over 10,000 engineers at the Company this year. This is much more compared to less than 1,000 engineers around five or so years ago. So my question is does having more engineers or technical talent, does that meet your operating cost model more fixed and less variable than it was in prior economic downturns? And in this context, how are you thinking about managing margins, if there is a recession?
John Wren: Well, a major component in the flexibility of our costs, our incentive pools was company by company, targets are set and margin -- I mean, incentives are earned based upon performance, and that takes into consideration the full P&L of that operating unit. So that more than any one item helps us through this process in any short-term period. We've also expanded in expanding our engineers. We've expanded them on principally offshore. And we're certainly not planning any cutbacks at all with the engineers are all making significant contributions to our present business and what we anticipate we're going to require in the future. So I don't see it changing. The change in mix of our employee base is not detrimental to our ability to manage it.
Operator: And next, we'll go the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon: So a couple of follow-ups on retail media and e-commerce services. First, I probably asked this before, I'll probably ask it again, spend? And sort of related to that, can you talk about retail media traction beyond the CPG vertical broadly? And then second, on e-commerce services, I'd say there's a bit of a debate among investors right now and whether we're seeing e-commerce simply go through a lull right now as a broad reopening happens or whether the long-term opportunity really isn't as big as everyone's pandemic peak expectations? Are you seeing that from clients? Are they pulling back in big e-commerce projects or pausing to evaluate that further?
John Wren: It's really -- it's a client-by-client discussion. And I believe every client knows and understands as they go forward, that it's going to be an increasing part of how they reach and service their customers. The packaged goods area that you're referring to is a reasonable size of our portfolio. It's not disproportionate in terms of the balance in the portfolio. So it's part of the puts and takes that we've seen. And -- but as I look forward and as the team looks forward, it's a very important area. We are prepared and we've targeted acquisitions in this area. We're making investments in building out technology in the commerce area to be supportive of that anticipated business. And I don't think you can compare us to that environment and the impact that it had on certain parts of the market during COVID because people couldn't get out of their houses. There is going to be a lull in those companies. It's more an ever-increasing important place to our clients and so therefore to us as we move forward.
Phil Angelastro: I'd just add, it's another area of increased complexity for our clients to navigate. And as a result, it benefits us because we can help them navigate some additional choices that they now have. We can help them find customers on a new retail media platform inside a video game, et cetera. And the more complexity feeds into the capabilities that we have to help our clients reevaluate or evaluate the decisions they have to make about where to most efficiently spend their marketing dollars. So we certainly believe e-commerce is here for the long run. It's not going away. We're going to continue to make investments on our side, and we think clients will continue to do so on their side as well.
John Wren: And the proof point of this is how many boxes I have to break up every week that are delivered from a house.
Dan Salmon: Fair point.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Similar question what Ben had earlier. Just looking at this on a three-year basis, our first quarter up about 12% organically, put it up about 10% versus 1Q of '19. Second quarter, post some numbers here, up 11.3% organic was up 6.5% versus 2Q of '19. But then using your top end of your guidance for the year of 7% for organic revenue puts the second half of the year up, call it, 2.5% to 3%. But again, looking at that versus the second half of '19, it will only be up 1%, 1.5%. So, we go from -- on a three-year basis, we're up 10% first quarter versus three years ago, 6.5% in the second quarter to up 1%, 1.5% in the back half of the year. I mean that's quite a deceleration. I know you've said repeatedly you're trying to be cautious here. But I'm just curious, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. Is there something else working in here too that the overall environment is significantly slowing as well? And if that is the case, I'd love it if you could just touch on some of the areas globally or by client verticals to help explain that significant slow. And again, I realize you're saying you're being cautious here. I don't blame you at all. I just want to hear your thoughts further, please.
John Wren: Yes. Except for the executional business is to require social gatherings, which are affected by closedowns, which Phil talked about. The math of what you're talking about is absolutely correct and it's reflected in us being cautious. I think there's only one short paragraph in my prepared remarks, as you can go back and look at where I emphasize that word. And we endeavor every day to exceed our forecast. So that's not a prediction in this environment. I don't know if I did justice to your question.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, the -- Craig, the portfolio is quite a bit different than it was in '19 now here in 2022. So, I can certainly say, we're not focused on 2019 anymore and looking back to how we're growing relative to three years ago is not something that we spend any time on. We're focused on the portfolio we have today and how the business is doing today. So, as it relates to '19, I don't think there's any meaningful trends that we would draw where the world has changed quite a bit since then and our portfolio has changed quite a bit since then. And I think as far as the numbers go in the second half, 2.5-plus percent is just about right in terms of what 7% for the year would be. And I think we've touched on our cautious outlook and how we've looked at the guidance that we provided, and we're pretty comfortable with that guidance.
Craig Huber: Sure. My other question is on Asia. In the second quarter at 4.7% organic number, if you took out China, can you tell us the rest of Asia-Pacific be similar up low double digits, similar organically to the rest of the portfolio? How would it attract taking out China?
John Wren: If you give Phil one second, he'll try to answer your question. You also have to recall that it's only this year, this is the third time and God knows how many quarters that I've been around that we've even forecasted revenue. So being infants at it -- you're going to formally -- so being infants at it, you could anticipate our caution.
Phil Angelastro: So, I think it's safe to say the rest of the portfolio in Asia performed consistently in terms of organic growth with the rest of our portfolio and the reported numbers.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions, handing it back to management for closing comments.
John Wren: Certainly, I'm going to thank you all for joining us today. We really appreciate your time, and we look forward to seeing you at investor events over the coming weeks and months. Thanks a lot.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundber. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, we've posted a press release along with a presentation covering the information we'll review today as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today's call concludes. Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements, non-GAAP financial and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2021 Form 10-K. During the course of today's call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. After our prepared remarks, we will open the line up for your questions. I'll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining today. We are pleased to share our first quarter results. Before I discuss our performance, I want to address the ongoing war in the Ukraine. We continue to be witness to this horrific war, and our focus remains the safety and well-being of our Ukrainian colleagues and their families. We've been in constant contact with our agency leaders in the Ukraine and continue to deliver needed humanitarian assistance and support. I was privileged to meet our senior regional leaders in Warsaw a few weeks ago. I continue to admire the tremendous bravery of our Ukrainian colleagues as they defend their country and protect their families. Since the onset of the law, our teams in the region from Poland, Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary have been providing extraordinary support to their coworkers from Ukraine. It was truly remarkable to see. I'm honored to lead a company with a culture of caring and compassion that displays such unity and strength. I want to extend my gratitude to our people around the world that have selflessly and tirelessly work to help our Ukrainian colleagues. We hope for an end to these atrocities and a peaceful resolution to the war. Omnicom will continue to offer whatever assistance is necessary and will support our people for as long as needed. Turning now to our financials. We increased our operating margin and exceeded our expectations for the quarter with organic growth of 11.9%. We made the decision to withdraw from Russia and dispose of our operations. As a result, the financials for the quarter reflect our Russian business only through the end of February. We also took a charge arising from the effects of the war in the Ukraine. Phil will provide more details during his remarks. Our revenue growth and margin performance in the quarter was very strong across all geographies and disciplines. Our revenue performance reflects the continuing investments that our clients are making to strengthen their marketing, branding, consumer experience, e-commerce and digital transformation efforts in a rapidly evolving digital economy. Operating profit margin for the quarter, excluding the charge arising from the effects of the war in the Ukraine was also very strong at 13.7%. This is 10 basis points higher than our margin in 2021. I want to complement our agency management teams for growing their businesses while tightly managing costs in line with revenue growth. Earnings per share for the quarter, excluding the charge, was $1.39, up 4.5% versus 2021. Finally, our cash flow and balance sheet remain very strong and support our primary uses of cash, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. During the quarter, we continue to invest internally and through accretive acquisitions in high-growth areas like CRM and Precision Marketing, digital transformation in MarTech, data and analytics, e-commerce, performance media and the health sector. In the quarter, we acquired TA Digital, a leading global digital experience consultancy. The acquisition further expands the digital transformation, content management, commerce and customer experience capabilities within the Precision Marketing group. Throughout the group, our agencies are delivering connected consumer experiences across media and commerce platforms within owned, paid and earned environments. All of this is enabled by Omni ID, our proprietary person-based identity solution, delivering reach and precision that is part of our Omni open operating system. Omni ID is built to be privacy compliant and is a future-proof framework for a post-cookie marketplace. It delivers the highest possible degree of first-party and CRM data management, control and governance. Our investments in these high-growth areas in our data and technology capabilities and in our best-in-class talent have positioned us extremely well to service our clients now and in the future. I want to take a moment to welcome and congratulate two new members of our Board of Directors: Patricia Salas Pineda and Mark Gerstein. The diversity of Omnicom's Board is something we take pride in, especially as we look to continue to improve diversity, equity and inclusion throughout our entire organization. At the end of 2021, we saw meaningful progress in our workforce diversity across all professional levels in the United States. We're not done, and we will continue to drive improvements throughout 2022. Overall, we're very pleased with our quarterly results. While we are off to a strong start in 2022, we continue to plan cautiously for the remainder of the year, given the ongoing war in the Ukraine, the effects of the pandemic across markets the continuing disruption of global supply chains and the economic risk posed by higher inflation and oil prices. With that said, given our strong performance in the first quarter, we are increasing our forecast for organic growth to between 6% and 6.5% for the full year 2022, and we anticipate delivering the same strong operating margins for the full year 2022 that we delivered in 2021. I'm confident we'll continue to operate at a high level through this business cycle as our agencies remain an integral partner in growing our clients' businesses. I want to thank our people around the world for your compassion and dedication. You have continued to produce incredible work for our clients. Your resilience not only drives our financial success, it defines who we are as a company. So thank you once again. I want to now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financials. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John, and good afternoon. Thank you for taking the time to join us today. Our first quarter results were very strong. It's good to see the continued momentum, which resulted in growth across every one of our disciplines. Before we go into the details, please turn to Slide 3, where I'd like to draw your attention to the fact that our operating profit and EPS were negatively impacted by the announcement of our withdrawal from Russia as well as charges related to the effects of the war in Ukraine on our agencies there. We have sold or are committed to dispose of all of our businesses in Russia. And during the quarter, these actions resulted in a pretax charge of $113.4 million. As a result, operating profit of $353 million was down $112.4 million or 24.1% compared to Q1 of 2021. Our tax rate was elevated due to the non-deductibility of the charges plus an additional $4.8 million tax charge related to our withdrawal from Russia. Reported revenues were down slightly as strong organic growth of 11.9% was offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange rates and disposition revenue in excess of acquisition revenue. Turning to Slide 4, which shows non-GAAP adjusted amounts. You can see after adjusting for the charge, our first quarter operating profit was $466.4 million, slightly above last year. And our operating profit margin was 13.7%, also slightly above last year. Amortization expense was flat year-over-year, and as a result, non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA margin were flat with last year. As a reminder, last year's 15.4% operating profit margin included a gain from the sale of a subsidiary of $51 million, which was recorded in the second quarter. As John said, we are still comfortable with our guidance of 15.4% for the full year 2022. Slide 5 shows the non-GAAP adjusted amount for net income of $292 million for the first quarter and diluted EPS of $1.39 per share, up 4.5%. We are pleased with this underlying performance and the strong organic growth across our businesses and geographies as well as work and travel environment that continues to normalize. Let's now go into some more detail, beginning on Slide 6. Our organic growth was a strong 11.9% or $408 million. The impact of foreign exchange rates decreased our revenue by 2.5 percentage points. If rates stay where they were as of April 15, we estimate the impact of foreign exchange rates will reduce our revenue by approximately 3% in the second quarter and by 2% for the year. The impact on revenue from our net acquisitions and dispositions decreased revenue by 9.9%. This was consistent with our expectations and is primarily the result of disposition activity from Q2 of 2021 and our advertising and media discipline in the U.S., which we will cycle through after the second quarter. We expect this reduction from dispositions, including the disposition of our businesses in Russia, to reduce our revenue by approximately 6.5% in the second quarter of 2022. And we expect acquisitions, net of dispositions, based on deals completed to date, to be approximately negative 4.5% for the full year. Now let's look at the changes in our total revenues by business discipline on Slide 7. Advertising and media, our largest category, posted 9% organic growth in the quarter, with continued momentum in both our media and our creative agencies. Precision Marketing grew 20.3% organically in the quarter and is now approximately 10% of our total revenues, up two points from the first quarter of last year. Our strong growth is being led by demand for our capabilities in digital transformation, MarTech, data and analytics and activation. In particular, Credera continues to perform exceptionally well. Commerce and Brand Consulting was up 13.8%, led by our branding agencies and continued benefits from corporate spin-offs, brand architecture work and widespread focus on corporate reputation around DE&I and ESG issues. We're also seeing increased demand from clients looking for retail media, e-commerce and DTC solutions. Experiential had organic growth of 68% compared to negative 33% in Q1 of 2021, reflecting an increase in the number of global in-person events. These events are important to our clients' brands because they engage with customers and build loyalty in unique ways. Results were especially strong in the Middle East. As we look forward this year, we expect growth to continue but will likely be choppy by quarter as clients adjust to the post-COVID environment. Execution and support was up 6.3%, led by demand in field marketing and a pickup in physical retail activity. PR was up a very strong 14% and reflecting growth from both long-standing and new clients and a pickup in overall activity as clients adapt their post-pandemic positioning. Healthcare grew 7.7% with strong performance across our agencies. Turning to Slide 8. We saw strong organic growth rates in virtually every region, and we're pleased that growth was solid within each of these regions and across all of our disciplines. In the U.S., our 10.6% organic growth was led by Precision Marketing, Advertising and Media and Public Relations. Outside of the U.S., growth was led by Europe, and its growth was driven by advertising and media, experiential and PR. The Asia-Pacific region was also a key driver, as was the Middle East, which saw strong growth in experiential and advertising and media. Looking at revenue by industry sector on Slide 9. Relative to the first quarter of 2021, the broad distribution of our clients remained fairly stable. The only notable shifts were a two-point increase in technology, offset by a reduction in revenue from clients in the travel and entertainment industry. But this change was largely driven by the disposition of a business that had a high concentration of clients in this industry in Q1 of 2021. Let's move down the income statement now on Slide 10 and review our operating expenses for the quarter. In total, our operating expense levels were down by 20 basis points year-over-year despite the significant pickup in our business activity and the continuation of our strategic investments in the business. When you look at operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, the year-over-year comparison is not comparable because the impact of dispositions made subsequent to Q1 of 2021. Salary-related service costs, our largest category increased by 8.8%, consistent with growth in our revenues, excluding dispositions and acquisitions. Adjusting 2021 for amounts related to acquisitions and dispositions, salary and related service costs were 53% of revenue, roughly the same level as this year. Third-party service costs were down $199 million or 22%. They decreased by approximately $315 million from dispositions and were offset by an increase of approximately $114 million from growth in our businesses. Adjusting 2021 for amounts related to acquisitions and dispositions third-party service costs were approximately 19% of revenue, similar to the level this year. Occupancy and other costs, which are less directly linked to changes in revenue were up 2.9% year-on-year due to an increasing number of people returning to the office, partially offset by lower rent and other occupancy costs as we continue to efficiently manage our real estate portfolio. The increase in SG&A expenses on a year-over-year basis was due primarily to a normalization of our business. At 2.8% of revenues this quarter, SG&A has been around this level for 12 months now and is in line with our pre-pandemic run rate. There's one thing I would like to highlight regarding interest expense going forward. Please remember that our interest expense in Q2 of 2021 had a $26 million onetime charge related to the early redemption of our 3.625% notes. Our total interest expense that quarter was $80 million compared to just $51 million this quarter and $43 million net of interest income. We expect net interest expense for Q2 and the remainder of 2022 to approximate that run rate. We expect our tax rate for the remainder of the year to approximate 26.5% similar to our rate this quarter after adjusting for the charges arising from the effects of the war in Ukraine. Our diluted share count was down 3.2% primarily due to our share repurchase activity in the second half of 2021 and in the first quarter of 2022. Let's now turn to Slide 11 for our cash flow performance. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in working capital, which are generally positive for us on an annual basis. Free cash flow of $340 million was down $43 million Adjusting for the cash-related portion of the charges arising from the effects of the war in Ukraine of $48 million, free cash flow was flat year-on-year. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $147 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $14 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. Our capital expenditures of $23 million were back to normalized levels. Acquisitions net of dispositions and other items were $259 million. As highlighted at the back of this presentation, this included the purchase of TA Digital and is aligned with our stated strategy of pursuing acquisitions in our faster-growing disciplines. And lastly, our stock repurchases during the first quarter were $287 million net. This puts us on the way toward our historical annual range of $500 million 500 million to $600 million. This capital allocation mix may vary in emphasis as opportunities present themselves. But our overall approach and philosophy have not changed. Slide 12 is an overview of our credit, liquidity and debt maturity schedule. There were no changes in our long-term debt outstanding during the quarter. As of March 31, our total leverage was 2.5 times. In addition to the $4 billion of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet, we also have a $2 billion U.S. commercial paper program backstopped by our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. I'll end my prepared remarks today on Slide 13, which shows our strong return on invested capital of 26.4% and for the 12 months ended March 31 and 41.7% return on equity. These returns are both extremely strong and are a reflection of our consistent operating performance and consistent approach to capital allocation. At this point, operator, please open the lines for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Karnovsky of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Just on the outlook, given the really strong results in Q1, it does appear you're assuming and not a significant deceleration in organic for the rest of the year on what I think are relatively similar to your comps. Just wondering, John, if you could speak a little bit more to the conversations you're having with clients on inflation, supply chain, and the economy and kind of how that's impacting your view on guidance?
John Wren: Sure. Thanks for the question, David. Our guidance really is based, first, sort of on a bottoms-up review company-by-company, sector-by-sector, practice-area-by-practice-area. I think just about every client I've spoken to, and I've spoken to quite a few and across the United States and Europe, we recognize the uncertainty that's out there. They're not stepping back from their spending or their commitment to the brands at this point, but there is uncertainty. And we're confident enough in our performance and our forecast that we raised. And I think this is the first time in my 26 years, and you multiply that by four, how many quarters have been on this thing that we've ever raised after the first quarter, our estimates. Now, it is conservative. You have to remember that there is a project work that comes up throughout the year. And the further you get out in the year, the more uncertain it is. You don't know how any of these things are going to end. I mean if you look at the chatter in the U.S. there is a strong argument to be made that we're probably at peak inflation, but we don't know how long the wars are going to go or what the other impacts are going to be. So, we're very comfortable with the estimates for what we're going to do this year, which was we said, between 6% and 6.5% and that we're going to maintain -- at least maintain our margins that we achieved last year of 15.4%.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up on the outlook. I would be interested to get your views on areas like experiential and execution and support, at the end of 2021, these segments were running still well below 2019, and we did see a big acceleration for events in the quarter, maybe less so for execution. Just wondering, how much of a lift towards pre-pandemic levels you're expecting or seeing as restrictions fully go away?
John Wren: Well, that's an interesting question. And it ties exactly into the last question you asked. If I was answering this a month ago, I would have been extremely, extremely bullish. And then they closed down Shanghai, right? So these things tend to be planned, but the windows between when you assign the business and when the execution occurs is generally not that long. It's generally no more than 12 to 14 weeks. And with -- it's a little hard to believe that you can close down a city as large as Shanghai, the way that the Chinese decided to do it. So, we're a bit conservative that. We are confident in our forecast for the U.S. in this area. We're confident in most of our forecast for Europe and the Middle East, but the Asian forecast that we've seen, we've discounted.
Phil Angelastro: I think our expectations for those two disciplines are certainly more subject or we've got less visibility. It's probably a better way to describe it when you get to the second half of the year. Certainly, the businesses have done a good job getting ready to come out of COVID, and they've been growing coming out of COVID. So we're happy with their performance. But as we look at the second half of the year, since they're largely project-based their forecasts are probably more conservative than most and I think subject to a little bit more uncertainty in terms of clients' spending plans especially experiential given some of the changes that could occur like the ones here that are being experienced in China right now. So, those two disciplines in particular, we're certainly happy with our operating performance, but in the second half, there's a little less visibility to how they're going to perform sitting here today.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I guess I just -- I want to ask this question because I'm going to get asked by a cynic, I'm sure tomorrow, if I don't ask it. So the increase in the outlook, which is unusual, as you said, usually don't do it in the first quarter with the sort of flat margins at 15.4 relative to your prior outlook. I think a cynic would say this is just because inflation ran hotter than you anticipated. Is that a wrong interpretation of the lift in the organic growth?
John Wren: Yes, I'd say it is.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. One reminder, I think, in terms of the expectations of operating margin for the year, the prior year baseline of 15.4 included a gain on sale of business of $50 million. So, there is some operating performance improvement expected for the year. But yes, I don't know if that's what you're after or you just focus perfect.
Jason Bazinet: No, no, that's perfect, super helpful. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: It's a very strong result in Q1. And if you look at the Q1 acceleration versus the Q4 number, and I don't normally do this -- but if you look on a kind of a stacked basis, in Q4 '21 versus Q4 '20, you were basically flat organic. And in Q1 '22 versus Q2, you're basically up 14%, if I'm looking at my numbers right. So, it's a really surprisingly strong growth figure. And I just wonder, given a whopping year-over-year comparison coming up in Q2, you were at 24.4% last year. I wonder if you can give us any idea how to think about Q2. Again, understanding everything you've said thus far on the full year outlook and all the uncertainties in the second half and so on? That would be very helpful.
John Wren: Sure. I'm not sure if this is a precise answer, but two things absolutely impacted. When you look at just year-to-year, I think the impact of COVID added to that recovery at that rate. But also, I don't want anyone to forget that for the four years prior to COVID, we were cleaning up our portfolio. And we emerged from last year with a portfolio we feel we're very, very strongly about, and we think is well suited to provide what our clients need today. I don't know if that fully answers your question. If you can follow up, it's okay to.
Tim Nollen: Yes. No, that's helpful. I mean I understand there are a lot of other factors. It's just -- it's a very difficult comparison coming up in Q2. So I guess it's good to hear the optimism on the growth rate for the second half of the year? Just trying to understand how to think about the Q2 growth rate given that high base.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. In terms of profit, Q2 has that the proceeds from the sale, the gain from the sale that Phil when he answered the last question.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think from a revenue perspective, Tim, certainly, the first quarter of '21 as far as the baseline goes, that was the last quarter of some of the COVID hangover as we were coming out of COVID, principally starting in Q2 of last year. So, the bar wasn't quite as high relatively speaking, for this quarter's performance relative to last year. We're certainly very, very pleased with the results. As we head into the second quarter, the second quarter of last year was again -- the first quarter really post-COVID, where performance jumped quite a bit because the 2020 numbers were down a great deal and weren't all that comparable. So it is a quarter where the business had kind of finally bounced back in terms of the baseline we're facing in Q2 of '22. But certainly, the performance in the first quarter is very encouraging, and we've got some momentum. We expect that momentum to continue as we look at the second half of the year. As John said, there's a little more uncertainty in the back half and a little less visibility from where we sit today.
Tim Nollen: Sure. Yes, understandable. Now if I look back at the last four quarters, basically, well, Q2, Q3 and Q4 of last year, all more or less in percentage organic growth terms reversed the declines of the prior year almost precisely. And now just your Q1 was just such a stronger number versus that. So, obviously that, that's good to see. Could I just maybe tack on one other last thing? You said, John, that you're pretty optimistic, you're pretty confident in your forecast for Europe. I just wonder if you could comment a little bit more. Obviously, Russia and Ukraine aside, anything else you could comment on growth in the other regions, maybe the border regions, the neighboring countries, Poland, et cetera. And as you move further west, are you still that optimistic on the growth?
John Wren: Well, the one great thing in terms of numbers is that those are not a significant percentage of our business. And as I might have mentioned in my prepared remarks, I've had an opportunity two weeks ago to meet all of the leaders from all of the disciplines from Romania all the way up through Poland that border the Ukraine. And they're all bullish about their business, but their primary concern was taking care of the Ukrainians that were coming across the border because they've had surges suddenly in the populations and what the requirements are. So big five, which are the U.K., Spain, France, Germany and Italy, although Belgium and the Netherlands are also very, very strong performance, so -- and they're all at the moment, and great shape.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon: Okay. I have a couple of questions. First, John, in the past, you've talked about it being important for Omnicom to remain agnostic to different technologies, whether that's AdTech or MarTech, you also generally held that view about third-party data assets as well. So my question is, does the Omni ID represent a little step in that direction? I'd like to hear about -- a little bit about it specifically, but it's more of the bigger picture view that I'm interested in. And then a second, just for Phil, you mentioned the uptick in the technology vertical as a percentage of revenue. Is that just a matter of where the verticals landed this quarter? Or would you like to see that trend continue?
John Wren: Well, Omni ID is very unique. We've spent quite a bit of money on it over a very long period of time, testing it, proving it out, proving it to global clients that it actually works and works well. When you look at the data that's available, given the various privacy laws, we have the same access, if not better access to everyone else who tells that they own something. Well, they bought something that was a business that had revenue before they bought it. So they're not giving it away to their clients and it's still for sale. So, there's no particular secret sauce in what they have that we're missing. And the most important aspect that I'd be willing to share publicly about Omni ID is the fact because we've been at it for so long, we have over 40,000 of our staff around the world that are trained in utilizing it, and we've deployed it to a significant number of our most significant -- our largest clients. And the insights or data site doesn't mean too much. It's what you do with the data and the insights that you can draw in properly analyzing the data for the benefit of the client and what they're willing to sell. So other than that, I'll be describing what makes Coke a Coke and I'm not prepared to do that publicly.
Dan Salmon: Yes, fair enough.
Phil Angelastro: On the...
Dan Salmon: Just on tech -- yes, technology.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, the second question, Dan. So the tech vertical as a percentage of our overall revenues or the revenue of our clients in the tech industry relative to Omnicom's total revenues ticked up. I'd say it's a combination of two things. One is just a change in mix, as I indicated in my prepared remarks. Travel and entertainment went down largely due to the disposition of a business that had a high concentration in that space. So -- and we've had some good growth across almost all of our disciplines with tech clients. I think we're happy to see any of those groups or any of those industry groups grow with us. We're happy for it to be tech. But certainly, our offering has resonated with a number of clients in the tech space as well as health care and some others. And I think we'd love to see it continue to grow, and we expect overall, though, when you talk about the 5,000-plus clients we have, those industry metrics don't move very often, and I wouldn't expect they're going to move by percentage points consistently every quarter. It takes a lot to move those numbers. I don't expect them to move too much going forward.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Maybe first, I think historically, the media buying business has been a leading indicator of advertising inflection points. And I know you gave a bit of a conservative guide for the outlook of the rest of the year, certainly makes a lot of sense given the macro as to why you've done that. So just wondering, if there's been any evidence in your media buying business that things are either slowing down or inflecting? Or is it more just that you step back and you look at this overall picture and especially with the strong start to the year, just warrants itself to be a little bit cautious?
John Wren: Well, I agree with the last statements. With everything that's going on in the world, specific warrants to be a little bit conservative. But we're very happy with our media business overall. And it's been very successful, both with its existing clients and then new business opportunities that's been presented. When you look at history, inflation has always been good for that element or part of the business. And we don't see anything materially changing at the moment. The other thing which is yet to be seen, I've been predicting it since it really started is what I'm anticipating to be the streaming wars. And in the environment where the consumer might have a little -- has to be a little bit more cautious of the amount of money they spend to get what they want, I think you're going to see more and more advertising in some of these services. People like Hulu and others have proven that it works, and I think the others will adapt it. They were always -- in my view, they're always going to adapt it. I think this -- the environment we're in today will speed that process up. So very comfortable with our portfolio though.
Steven Cahall: And then maybe just a follow-up. Your comment about inflation. I know that at times inflation has been a helper to growth whether that's in media buying or where your clients use revenue as a basis to set their ad spend. So at this point in the inflation cycle, do you view inflation as a risk to the business? Or is it helping your organic growth profile right now?
John Wren: Okay. Well, you asked me about a segment in my business and the impact of inflation. As I said earlier, we build our forecast from the bottom-up, looking at what our reality is. And we're comfortable that we've taken into consideration, and that's why we're holding -- we're actually improving our margins by holding our margins the same as last year because of the unusual gain that we had from the sale of a subsidiary last year. So, there's an awful lot of moving parts and components. And we spent a great deal of detail time testing the information that we're getting from our various subsidiaries in the markets that we operate in. I don't know if Phil wants to add anything.
Phil Angelastro: Just a couple of additions. So as John has said, we've, our agencies have considered some of these challenges in this environment as they put together their forecasts. And certainly, it's a challenge that our businesses are dealing with and addressing. But we continue to pursue efficiency plans related to outsourcing and off-shoring and automation and a number of other initiatives because, ultimately, we've got a flexible cost structure, and our agencies have done a great job managing it relative to the revenue levels in their business. Overall, we haven't seen any reductions in the spending plans of our clients at this point, and clients need to continue to sell stuff in an inflationary environment or in a non-inflationary environment. And we expect the clients, they are going to be successful are going to continue to invest in marketing and branding and continue to invest in the services that we provide them because they do want to continue to sell stuff, and they're going to continue -- they got to need to continue to invest. So overall, while we're somewhat cautious regarding the second half, we're still very optimistic in the performance of the business and where we're headed for the rest of '22.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Phil, just a couple of quick housekeeping on the guidance and I have a question for John. Maybe, Phil, is the 15.4, including the Russia charge, the margin guidance for '22? And I was just wondering, I don't know if you'd answer this, but does your new guidance reflect any different outlook for your European business relative to what you guys gave us at the beginning of the year?
Phil Angelastro: So specifically, with respect to Russia and the Ukraine, now the 15.4 excludes the $113 million charge we took this quarter for us Russia. We may be good, but we're not that good. So that was obviously totally unexpected when we were on the call in February. And it hasn't -- it has not been an easy situation to deal with largely because of the people and what John had mentioned in his prepared remarks and then earlier on this call. So the 15.4 excludes that charge. And with respect to Europe, we haven't seen any meaningful or significant changes in our forecast from Europe. We've had a number of conversations with people who run our businesses in. John can add some color in his conversations with clients in that region, but we haven't seen any big changes in our forecast from our European businesses at this point.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. And then on another topic, John, I don't know if you saw this article in the journal yesterday about e-commerce slowing and sort of a rebound in brick-and-mortar which I thought was interesting. I'm wondering like when you look at your businesses, you have exposure in both of those areas. I think field marketing is probably an area you guys over-index. Are you seeing some of this in the performance of your discipline, sort of this normalization of e-commerce trend a bit and a rebound in sort of maybe more traditional retail activity? And is that something you see in your results and maybe you expect that to continue through the year. I'd be interested in your insights on that topic.
John Wren: Ben, to be perfectly honest, I did not see that article yesterday. I will go back and read it now and see what it says. In the conversations that I've had with our clients, we see both being -- I have not noticed any deterioration at all in terms of e-commerce. And so, the quick answer to your question is, I've not seen evidence today to support the article.
Ben Swinburne: Anything on -- because in your execution and support business, is that a business you see growing faster and rebounding back to kind of pre-COVID levels? I wasn't sure what your outlook is for that discipline from a growth point of view.
Phil Angelastro: I'll go first in comments. I think the direct answer is no. We don't see significant increases in growth trends relative to what our expectations were, the last few quarters. I think they're solid businesses. They are, in some respects, project-based and clients might change their investment a little bit more quickly than some of our other businesses. But they've done well. We expect them to continue to do well. Their growth profile that was probably a little lower than certainly other parts of our business. As you can see when you look at the revenue breakout that we provide, our expectations for the second -- for the rest of the year for them are not as robust as the rest of the business.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: John, my first question, with all the privacy data changes out there, both with iOS, for example, but also government-mandated privacy changes out there over the last couple of years. Is that good, bad or sort of indifferent for your business? How do you sort of view that right now?
John Wren: Well, it's changing. You're absolutely right, very rapidly. As a matter of fact, I don't know that he's on staff, but we just brought on a very, very experienced, dedicated attorney who spent his entire career working on just this privacy issues as well as the other people that were already within the Company. I think net-net, we'll benefit from that because we haven't made any huge investments or put strong expensive stakes in the ground. And we're pretty agile and we can adapt and adjust to whatever the environment is and whatever changes the various jurisdictions come up with. And I think this is going to be a constant theme for a good long time. And I'm much happier with our decision to be as agile as we are today than the day that we made that decision several years ago.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think the changes are only going to make it more complex for clients to reach the consumers they're trying to reach. And in that environment, we certainly think it benefits us because we're an independent third party with the skills and the tools and the technology to help them make the appropriate decisions they need to make to continue to find and reach those consumers. So the complexity certainly, we view it as a positive.
Craig Huber: And also, John, you said in 26 years, helping to run the Company, it's the first time you can recall that you've raised outlook for organic revenue this early on in the calendar year. Just maybe a little bit more meat on that. What exactly are you seeing out there, if you could just help us why you felt compelled to change your outlook right now given all the huge number of macro issues out there that people are grappling with?
John Wren: There are several components to organic growth. One of which is new business wins and the other, which is inevitable in every one of us and our competitors periodically or losses that you experience at some point during the prior year because you haven't had yet a full year either. We've entered '22 in a very strong position, having had a very successful 2021 -- and that's given us a lot of confidence. But this is not just us sitting here at corporate defining what's going on in the ground, on the ground, our forecasts are built truly from the bottom up, and there's weekly dialogue with all the leaders of our practice areas and networks about changes, even subtle changes that are going on. So, we're as close as we can be to what's going on.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. And I think it's -- some of it is simple math. And when you look at the great performance in the first quarter, my guess is if we didn't address the guidance as we have for organic growth for the full year relative to where we were in February, you'd probably be asking us a different question regarding -- given the performance on you haven't increased your guidance. So, yes, it was a great performance in the first quarter. And I think the change was driven by our expectations that we're still optimistic about the rest of the year. Certainly, there is some uncertainty in the back half, but we're comfortable with where we are right now and how our businesses are performing.
John Wren: And we're pretty damn good at math.
Operator: And we have no other questioners in queue at this time.
John Wren: Well, I really want to thank all of you for spending the time with us and speaking with us today. And we look forward to speaking with you in the coming weeks.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: [Abrupt Start] Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, our Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com, we posted a press release along with a presentation covering the information we’ll review today as well as a webcast of this call. An archived version will be available when today’s call concludes. Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements, non-GAAP financial, and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings, including our 2020 Form 10-K and our September 2021 Form 10-Q. During the course of today’s call, we will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John. Then, Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. And after our prepared remarks, we will open the line-up for your questions. I'll now hand the call over to John.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon everybody and thank you for joining today. We're pleased to share our fourth quarter and full year performance. We exceeded our expectations for the quarter and for the year. Our organic growth for the fourth quarter was 9.5% and was broad-based across geographies and disciplines. The full year finished at 10.2% organic growth. Our improved performance was underpinned by our precision marketing discipline, which is helping clients transform their business, so they can engage directly with their consumers through digital platforms. We also benefited from the continuing rebound in our experiential discipline as more in-person events resumed in Q4. Our revenue performance flowed through to our operating profit and bottom-line. Our operating profit margin for the fourth quarter was 16.1%, resulting in full year margin of 15.4%. Earnings per share for the quarter was $1.95, up 6% versus 2020. For the full year, EPS increased 49%. Finally, our cash flow and balance sheet remain very strong. Overall, I'm very pleased with our financial performance for the quarter and year and optimistic about our prospects heading into 2022. Looking forward, we're forecasting organic revenue growth of between 5% to 6% for the full year 2022 and we anticipate delivering the same strong margin that we delivered in 2021. With the pace of change in the digital space accelerating, we've continued to evolve our existing capabilities and invest in new and innovative offerings to meet the needs of our clients and future prospects. These efforts have allowed us to be extremely competitive in the marketplace by providing a suite of services and capabilities that position us to reimagine and strengthen our clients' businesses, brands, services and products. Seamlessly connect them with their consumers across the marketing journey by leveraging Omni, our insights and orchestration platform, transform their marketing and customer relationship technology platforms and innovate in digital, e-commerce and new media channels. One area where these investments are making a demonstrable impact is in our Omnicom Precision Marketing Group, which offers martech and digital transformation consulting, decision sciences, customer experience design and targeted customer marketing programs for our clients. In November, we closed on the acquisition of BrightGen, a Salesforce Summit Partner that will extend OPMG Salesforce capabilities and reach in Europe. The success of Omnicom's Precision marketing offering is reflected by the group's wins with some of the world's largest brands such as Phillips, Mercedes, Nike and Diageo and by its financial results. The precision marketing discipline grew by 19% in 2021. Much of the work conducted within Omnicom Precision Marketing is supported by foundational AI decisioning layer and technology integrated with Omni, our open operating system that orchestrates better outcomes. Omni is built for collaboration across the entire company, acting as a single source of data and process workflow from insights to execution. It empowers our people and clients to make better and faster decisions, maximizing efficiency and ROI. A key emphasis for us going forward is to continue to fill the demand for services across the marketing journey by offering more services to our existing clients and winning new business relationships. Our objective in part is to increase the number of clients who consolidate more of their services with Omnicom. These are significant growth opportunities for us where our suite of services, creativity and culture of collaboration, all supported by Omni give us a competitive advantage. In addition to our integrated wins, our world-class talent and agencies had numerous recent new business wins within their specialties and across geographies. Our success on our wins in 2021 has resulted in us expanding our services and continues to inform our priority investments and M&A strategies. We are also increasing our investment in such areas as AI and automation, e-commerce, performance media, data and analytics as well as in high-growth industry opportunities such as gaming and the metaverse. We recently completed the acquisition of Propeller, a digitally native engagement agency that specializes in health care, another area we expect will continue to see strong growth. Propeller is a fast-growing omnichannel strategy, content and delivery agency that embraces and mobilizes data to deliver meaningful results for its clients. At Omnicom today, our emphasis is around developing our future talent and continuing our disciplined succession planning. With this in mind, we made important senior management changes this past quarter. Daryl Simm moved into the newly created position of President and Chief Operating Officer of Omnicom, after serving as CEO of Omnicom Media Group for more than two decades, Darryl will now work directly with me to oversee business operations across Omnicom. Florian Adamski, who was previously CEO of OMD Worldwide, and help the agency earn back-to-back AdWeek Global Media Agency of the Year titles in 2019 and 2020 has succeeded Darryl as the CEO of the Omnicom Media Group. After more than two decades of overseeing the growth of our DAS network, Dale Adams, as planned, stepped down as Chairman at the end of 2021. We are grateful for his many years of leadership and commitment to Omnicom and wish him all the best. Michael Larson and John Doolittle have been promoted to CEO of DAS and CEO of the newly created Communications Consultancy Network, respectively, reporting to me. Both of them have worked closely with Dale and have been a driving force within DAS for many years. They are highly talented executive’s who are skilled at managing agencies in a range of disciplines. With these leadership changes, I couldn't be more confident about the continued success of our group. Our people are our greatest asset, and we are constantly looking to invest and create opportunities for them across the enterprise, especially during the time when the war for talent is fierce, attracting and retaining talent is a top priority. We have made many changes, we’ve also instituted new programs that provide greater career mobility across our agencies, allow for agile and flexible work arrangements, and expand our investments in technology learning and development programs, while maintaining competitive benefits and compensation programs. We also want Omnicom to be a company that our people can be proud of and want to work for. Over the years, we've been focused on the role we play in critical areas such as environmental, sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion. In 2021, we named new leadership and expanded our teams in these high priority areas so that we can continue acting on our goals and implement new initiatives. In fact, this past year, we are the only company in our industry named to Newsweek's list of America's most responsible companies. We aim to achieve more in the new year, so we can ensure Omnicom agencies are a destination of choice for top talent. We're entering the new year in a very strong position with a sharp eye on our key strategic initiatives, which remain our talent, dedication to creativity and building our already strong capabilities in precision marketing and MarTech consulting, e-commerce, digital and performance media and predictive data-driven insights, all of which are fully supported by Omni. In closing, I'd like to recognize and thank our people around the world. You are the reason we delivered such strong results this quarter and for the full year. You kept your focus and commitment to Omnicom's client and operations, even with the ongoing challenges of the pandemic. Your efforts in these tough times are noticed and appreciated. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financials. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John, and good afternoon. Thank you for taking the time to join us today. Our fourth quarter results continued the momentum of the third quarter and helped us finish the year in a strong position. While the world isn't the same as it was pre-pandemic, we are in a stronger position to serve our clients in 2022 and beyond. Let's begin with a brief look at our income statement on Slide 3. Growth in revenues and operating profit flowed through to net income for both the quarter and the year. Combined with the resumption of our share buyback program, we had 6% growth in diluted earnings per share. Dividends grew 7.7% in 2021, and we're pleased to resume this growth after maintaining our dividend payments throughout the pandemic. Please turn to Slide 4, and we'll go through our results in more detail, starting with revenues. Our total revenue growth in the quarter was 2.6%, while our organic growth for the quarter was 9.5% or $358 million. The impact of foreign exchange rates decreased our revenue slightly in the quarter by just 30 basis points. However, if rates stay where they were at January 31, we estimate that the impact of foreign exchange rates will reduce our revenue by approximately 2% in both the first and second quarters of 2022. The impact on revenue from our net acquisitions and dispositions decreased revenue by 6.6%. This was consistent with our expectations and is primarily the result of disposition activity from Q2 of 2021. We have also acquired some excellent businesses in key growth areas, which I will discuss later. Based on transactions completed to date, we estimate the impact of acquisitions net of dispositions will reduce our revenue by approximately 9% in the first quarter and by approximately 5% in the second quarter of 2022, and we expect positive acquisition growth in the second half of 2022. Slide 5 presents the changes in our total revenues by business discipline. Advertising, our largest category posted 7.4% organic growth in the quarter. Both our media agencies and our creative agencies contributed nicely to this growth. Precision Marketing grew 19.6% organically in the quarter and is now 8% of our total revenues. As John discussed, the businesses in this discipline are doing exceptionally well and have a great pipeline for their work in digital and marketing transformation, consulting services, e-commerce, marketing sciences and digital experience design.  Commerce and Brand Consulting was up 12.4%, with widespread strength across our larger agencies. In Commerce, our agencies experienced strong growth, although off a reduced base. In Brand Consulting, we're seeing benefits and good activity in the technology sector and from corporate branding aimed at reputation, ESG and DE&I.  Experiential's growth in excess of 50% benefited from a return of some in-person events throughout the fourth quarter before the Omicron variant took hold, and we expect continued growth in 2022, although likely choppy as brands look to engage with consumers in person. Execution and Support was up 5.2%, with growth in the US businesses exceeding the performance of our businesses in Europe, where our field marketing business was impacted by the new variant. PR was up 4.4% and Healthcare was up 4.5%. Both of these disciplines reflected strong performance across their agencies. It's worth remembering that they performed relatively well throughout the pandemic. So we are pleased with the results. Flipping to Slide 6, you can see that we grew organically in each of our regions and growth came from most of our disciplines within these geographies. In the US, our 7.8% organic growth was slightly higher than last quarter, led by advertising and media as well as precision marketing, where growth remains over 20%. Also results for Experiential business in the US this quarter were quite strong, as I mentioned. Outside the US, growth was led by the UK and the Asia Pacific region, with strong PR, media and commerce and consulting results in the UK and broad strength across the board in Asia. It's worth mentioning, the strong organic growth of 48% for the Middle East and Africa, our smallest region. Revenue in Q4 of 2020 was down over 35%. In Q4 2021, Advertising and media performance was strong. In this quarter's results were also positively impacted by experiential revenue related to the Dubai Expo, which was initially scheduled for 2020. Looking at revenue by industry sector on Slide 7. Relative to full year 2020, there was a 2-point increase in our revenue mix from technology clients, offset by a 1 point reduction in the revenue mix from pharma and health. Let's now turn to Slide 8 for a review of our operating expenses. Salary-related service costs, our largest category, increased by 11.1%. As expected, these costs, which include freelance support increased along with our increase in revenue as the travel and entertainment costs, which aligns with the fact that our people are slowly going out in certain markets and meeting with clients in person. The next line item, third-party service costs were down 11.2%. They decreased by approximately $220 million from dispositions and were offset by an increase of approximately $100 million from growth in our businesses. Occupancy and other costs, which are less directly linked to changes in revenue, were up 4.2% year-on-year due to higher general office expenses as we return to the office, offset by lower rent and other occupancy costs as we continue to use our spaces more efficiently. SG&A expenses were up 8.4% on a year-over-year basis due to an increase in marketing, professional fees and new business costs. In total, our operating expense levels were up slightly, less than 3% from the fourth quarter 2020 to 2021. We're comfortable with this growth because it is linked to a return to the pre-pandemic environment as well as our continued revenue growth, new business opportunities and investments for future growth. If you turn to Slide 9, you can see our operating profit growth and our margin performance. For the quarter, operating profit increased 1.3% and represented a 16.1% operating margin. This is a slight margin decline from the fourth quarter of 2020, when expense levels were well below normal. Our fourth quarter EBITDA change and margin performance was similar. For the full year operating profit was up 37.5% with a margin of 15.4% and EBITDA was up 35.4% with a margin of 15.9%. As we look forward, while we expect to continue to see a return of certain costs to more normalized levels, we also expect that they will be offset in part by reductions in certain discretionary and infrastructure costs, resulting from new ways of working and efficiencies achieved during the pandemic. As John mentioned earlier, for the full year 2022, we anticipate delivering the same strong reported operating profit margin of 15.4% that we delivered in 2021. And as always, we will continue to focus on growing our operating profit dollars. Let's now turn to our cash flow performance on slide 10. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in working capital, which are generally positive for us on an annual basis. Free cash flow of $1.8 billion, grew 5.4%. We're pleased with the strength of this important metric. Regarding our uses of cash, we used $592 million of cash to pay dividends to common shareholders and another $113 million for dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders. We maintained our dividend throughout the pandemic in 2020 and increased it by 7.7% in 2021 to a quarterly rate of $0.70 per share. I'm going to discuss capital expenditures in two pieces. Our normal capital expenditure levels were unchanged from 2020. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we had a very unique opportunity to purchase our primary office building in London for approximately $575 million. Subsequent to the purchase during the fourth quarter of 2021, we issued 325 million-pound sterling notes due in 2033, with an attractive 2.25% coupon. To give you some background, we have more than 5,000 people at work there for multiple agencies. It's our largest office building globally in our second largest market. We've been consolidating space in London for some time and have exited 31 buildings since 2015. London is a key market for our future. And this building is in the South Bank area west of London Bridge near the Tate Modern, culturally vibrant area of London key to attracting and retaining talent. Financially, it's an attractive opportunity for our business. And we will avoid expected market increases on our rent that didn't compare favorably to outright ownership. The purchase of this building has not changed our capital allocation strategy and did not impact our credit rating. Acquisitions picked up relative to 2020 at $202 million. As we talked about last call, we are investing in the areas most important to our clients and therefore, to our future revenue growth. Two acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021 are highlighted at the back of this deck. JUMP 450 Media, performance media agency that is now part of Omnicom Media Group. And BrightGen, a digital business transformation specialist that is a significant implementation partner for the Salesforce marketing stack. BrightGen is now part of our precision marketing group. And lastly, we ramped up our stock repurchases during the fourth quarter, bringing the year to $518 million. As you know, our pre-pandemic annual range was $500 million to $600 million. So, we are solidly back on track with this important total return component for our shareholders. Our historical capital allocation has been very consistent. Using our free cash flow for dividends, stock repurchases, and acquisitions. We don't expect this to change going forward. Although we do see more opportunities for acquisitions similar to those we completed in 2021. These tuck-in type acquisitions are efficient for us because the acquired agencies and their service offerings can contribute across our group to serve an embedded base of clients and to help win new ones. Slide 11 shows our credit and liquidity. Notwithstanding the sterling note I just mentioned. You can see that our other financing activities throughout the year lowered our outstanding debt from December 2020 to December 2021. At year-end, our total leverage was 2.4 times. In addition to the $5.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet at year-end, we also have a $2 billion commercial paper program backed up our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. I'll end my prepared remarks today on slide 12. We chose our strong return on invested capital of 33.4% for the fiscal year 2021 and 44.3% return on equity. Both of these took notable steps up in 2020 and remain very healthy indicators of the strength of our business and its attractiveness to shareholders. At this point, operator, please open the lines for questions and answers. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll start with David Karnovsky. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hi. Thank you. John, I was wondering if you could provide some additional color around your organic outlook for 2022. What assumptions are you making around pandemic or supply chain headwinds? And does your outlook at this point account for a full return to our events and execution businesses?
John Wren: Okay. Well, certainly, we've taken all of that into consideration. I'll first start off with the last part of your question, which is the in-person execution type of event businesses. There certainly -- we anticipate that they're going to be a little slower in the first quarter, and possibly even in the first five months of the year because of the variant and that kind of put markets back on its heels a bit, but we see it fully coming back by the second half of the year. So, we've taken that into consideration and given the guidance that we've given. We've also taken into consideration and we look very closely at our companies that service certain sectors that have had more difficult time with supply chain than others. And we've been, I think, reasonable, if not conservative in our estimates of what kind of revenue we expect to see there. The growth that we're projecting really as a result the many wins that we had this year are both new clients, but also expanding our services to existing clients. Does that answer your?
David Karnovsky: Yeah. No, that was great. And then for Phil, wondering if you could just speak a little bit more to the puts and takes on the margin outlook. How does the purchase of your London headquarters impact that? And then just to confirm, is the guide for consistent margin against your reported figure. I just wanted to check as you did have the $50 million gain from the ICON sale in there?
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. In terms of the margin, I think we gave a number. So I think the number is the number. And that's our expectation for 2022. You can view it as it happens to be the same number as 2021. What's in it? In 2022 will be a lot different than what's in 2021. There's going to be a lot of puts and takes. In the cost structure as the business continues to ramp up and grow and some costs come back into the business that have taken a little time to get there, offset by some efficiencies from outsourcing and automation and other discretionary costs being controlled and reduced. So there's going to be a lot of puts and takes in the cost structure in 2022 relative to 2021. But we're confident that we'll deliver what we delivered -- sorry, in 1022. What -- we're confident will deliver in 2022, what we delivered in 2021 from a margin percentage perspective.
David Karnovsky: That’s clear. Thank you.
Operator: Next we go the line of Jason Bazinet. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a question on the disposition headwinds. You talked about minus 9 in the first quarter, minus 5 in the second quarter. Does that assume more acquisitions sort of coming in, or is that just the normal seasonal profile of businesses that were disposed of that accounts for it?
John Wren: Sure. I'll take a stab at it and then Phil can add. As we've said, I think on the last couple of calls, we more or less completed our review of and actions taken on major dispositions by the second quarter of last year. And since then, we've been very actively engaged in trying to purchase services in the areas that we've outlined. So what you see in the first half of this year in Phil's comments is the residual of actions taken through June 30th of last year for the most part. And we fully expect when you look at the second half and beyond that acquisitions will be what you see in our numbers.
Phil Angelastro: There's some choppiness in/or seasonality in the dispositions in the first quarter of last year, while the number is a little bit bigger. But the way we calculate that number, we do an estimate based on transactions that have closed to date. So we certainly have a robust pipeline of acquisitions that we're looking at. Some of them, we will do, some of them won't work out. But as we look out at the year, knowing what we know today in terms of what's been completed today, that's our expectation for the first quarter and the second quarter. We expect that number will change. The net number will change as we complete some transactions as we complete some acquisitions, I should say, throughout 2022. So, we expect acquisition growth net in the second half, in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And if we close on some transactions earlier in '22 that we've been negotiating, the negative number might come down a bit, but that's where we stand today.
Jason Bazinet: Okay. Its very helpful. Thank you.
A – Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Ben Swinburne. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good afternoon. John, 5% to 6%, obviously, a very strong guide for '22. I think that would be your highest organic growth year since – obviously, other than the coated rebound '21 since back in '2015. When you step back and think about the repositioning of your portfolio, is that the biggest sort of difference between what we saw in the several years before the pandemic when growth was sort of 2% to 3% and what you expect now? Would you chalk it up to sort of changes in product offerings, or anything else you'd be interested in sort of your high-level perspective on that. And then I just was wondering if you guys saw a lot of variability on that 5% to 6% through the quarters because the comps from '21 are all over the place. So I'm just wondering if you had any advice in thinking about the quarterly progression? Thank you.
John Wren: Well, you've been on quite a few of our calls. So I know you've heard this in past. Starting 2015, our primary focus post that was looking at the portfolio and looking at the assets that we had and with the critical eye of would we want to own these assets 5 years from now? That was an ongoing process, and it resulted in us doing dispositions and being less focused, I would say, on acquisitions.  2 years ago now, that clarity during -- actually during COVID, we were very happy that most of the dispositions that we had planned for, we were able to execute. And we started to gear up our M&A machine again, which had been dormant, I would say, in the 2016, 2017, 2018 period, and that includes both the efforts that are made here, corporate plus in certain select practice areas where we've decided to focus on growth because that's where we see the business going. And in speaking to our largest clients, the types of services that are going to be required in the future and that they're very happy to extend their relationship with us on. And as you know, we've always had a very disciplined approach to this. And if we couldn't buy it at the right price, we build it. Sometimes that hurt our P&L. But I think we're in a very good position today, and we're very comfortable with the portfolio, and we're very purposefully looking at certain acquisitions in the areas I kind of outlined because we think that's where the market is going.
Ben Swinburne: Right. Got it. Anything in the quarter, I don't know if you were, Phil, other comment or?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. As far as the quarters go Ben, I think at this point in time in the year, as you can imagine, we don't have a lot of visibility into certainly in the fourth quarter and/or as much into the second half. We're certainly very comfortable with our expectations in the first half of the year. And I don't think I would look at the quarters right now based on what we know as varying significantly or bounce around a tremendous amount other than our typical approach, we're pretty conservative about the fourth quarter because we don't have as much visibility or certainty until we get closer.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. Thank you, both.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Michael Nathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Hey, John, I have two for you. Following up on Ben's question on organic revenue growth. I wonder if you can talk a bit about how do you think the impact of all these new privacy initiatives like IDFA, the end of cookies. How that's impacting your outlook for growth? Are you seeing a shift to material shift in demand for your services in areas that address those shortcomings? And if you would agree that we're seeing accelerated growth in behavior from clients and customers. How do you juggle maybe the big transformative acquisition some of your peers have done versus the tuck-ins? And would how do you balance the thinking on maybe doing a big deal that push you further along versus smaller tuck-in deals and maybe more accretive?
John Wren: Well, I'll try to answer your questions as best I can. I have enough trouble running Omnicom. So I don't really worry about the huge acquisitions that my competitors are making. When it comes to us, and I think there's an article, Forester and some of the other magazines and other publications have picked up yesterday, with a client speaking to the subject more than -- so it should carry more credibility than me saying something about it.
Phil Angelastro: On Omnicom.
John Wren: On Omnicom about on the investments we've made, the transparency that we stayed absolutely committed to in an ever-changing environment where the transparency. I mean where privacy rules are changing and being reinterpreted as we sit here tonight both outside the United States and even in certain of the larger states in the country. And we don't think that that's over. We think that's still an open subject. But we think we're in a great position to not have to defend any moves that we've made or revenues that we've purchased, and we can adapt our services and our partners to whatever the current market conditions require. But we all would agree that this is something that governments that have been playing around with it and talking about it and courts in certain jurisdictions are actually starting to look at a lot closer than any time in the past. So, we're very, very happy with it. I think the key takeaway, if you glance at that story that I referred to, is we've built Omni initially as a media product for audiences and other things. And what we've been able to successfully accomplish in the last several years as we've been rolling it out is it's become the operating platform, which informs every aspect of the services that we provide to clients that allow us to deploy it. And that's why in my comments, I noted that there are really two areas where we're going to get growth next year. One is in continuing to win new business, but as importantly, to extend services in areas that we're not currently servicing long-standing client relationships. So, the confidence is built on a pretty detailed look at ourselves versus our competitors in the marketplace, and we're very, very comfortable with the decisions that we've made.
Phil Angelastro: Relative to your question and some of the prior ones, one thing not to lose track of is even though we were largely focused on or the results. So, we certainly pruned the portfolio did some dispositions over the last three or four years and less in the acquisition area, we've been investing heavily in this space, data and analytics and the Omni platform for well over 10 years -- 10, 12, 14 years, making some significant investments. So, we've been preparing and adjusting our approach all along. We didn't have a need to do a multibillion dollar acquisition from our perspective. Our focus has been on building a platform that gave us the flexibility that John was talking about and focusing on intelligence and decisioning and activation and outcomes, not just data ownership and/or first-party data management. There's a bit of risk there given all the changes in the privacy rules and regulations, but we'll certainly be monitoring those as things evolve at a pretty rapid pace.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you both.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Steven Cahall. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Maybe first just on compensation. I'm wondering what kind of salary and expense growth you've got baked into the flat margin guidance? And it sounds like with that really strong organic growth guide, you're going to be bringing a lot of people on board this year. So, we'd just love to get your view of what the wage inflation environment looks like? And then related to that, Phil, I was wondering if you could help us with free cash flow conversion. Sometimes it's a little lower when you're growing and a little better in years when you might be shrinking. So, anything we should be mindful of in terms of working capital or anything like that as it relates to your free cash flow conversion in this high growth year? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. Let me take part of it and then Phil can supplement what I say and answer to the specific question you addressed to him. I think we ended the year at the same employer, employee level as we were pre-pandemic. And I think in the last year 2020 to 2021, we went from about 65,000 folks to a little over 70,000 employees. So that growth is there. There is no denying that there is wage inflation and that we've been coping with this and dealing with it. We're also not anticipating inflation, but anticipating how do we improve our productivity we've been making investments. As Phil mentioned in his comments, outsourced to automate to look to the future in terms of AI and what contribution they can make. So there are quite a bit of puts and takes in terms of what we expect to face from a salary and wage inflation point of view. And we've been very careful before we got on this call and said that we could maintain our margins -- our strong margins at last -- to 2021 levels. Phil, you might want to.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. Just one or two things to add on the margin front. As John said, we're back to pre-pandemic levels in terms of the employee base. We also wouldn't necessarily look at 2022 and the guidance we've given as far as margins and say, yeah, it's just flat. We think if you look at 2021. 2021 is still not a normal year, certainly, 2020 is not a total year. Not all the costs have come back into the normalized business. So there's some opportunities certainly that we're going to have to take advantage of for some cost reduction achievements in 2022 to kind of get to this normalized level, which is in a pretty meaningful way, better than pre-pandemic margin levels. So we're pretty satisfied with the performance in 2021. We're looking at our expectations for 2022. We view them very positively in terms of the margins that we expect to deliver in 2022 as well. And then specifically related to the free cash flow question, I think if you go back through our numbers historically, back to 2017, and prior, we've been delivering $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion up to about $1.8 billion this year in free cash flow very consistently. We don't expect a meaningful drop-off in our performance. And in fact, if anything, we think the pandemic period, our people performed very well in this area, and I think we've gotten even better through some of the things we've learned, managing our free cash flow during the pandemic. So we don't expect a meaningful drop off at this point.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thanks for that context.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Next, we have a question from the line of Tim Nollen. Please go ahead. 
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I've been jumping around a bunch of calls. So apologies if this question has already been asked, if you've addressed it. But on your last earnings call, you talked about pretty decent pipeline of deals that you are working on, do know you said a few in the quarter here. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what other assets you might be looking to acquire? What the poplin looks like? And if there's any other divestitures in the works. You've done a number of these over the years. I think you're largely done with those. But if you could address that? And again, apologies if this has already been addressed.
John Wren: No, it's okay. It's an important question to ask. We don't have any major dispositions under consideration. So that, for now is in the rearview mirror. We -- as we've said and we might have said it earlier, when maybe you were jumping around, we've been focused on the fastest-growing part of our business, which is the precision marketing, the data and analytics, business transformation, consulting, e-commerce because everybody is doing is really commerce and performance media and health care and our acquisition pipeline in those areas. And there are a number of conversations that are ongoing and we expect that we'll be closing deals after this call. And as we move through the rest of 2022, in these areas. If some of the great opportunity pops up, thank God we have the financial resources to look at it and take advantage of it because we have not – we maintained their agility and flexibility with respect to how we can use the needs of our clients and how we can best serve those.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Thanks. And if I could just follow up quickly. I assume that the pricing environment is good enough for you now that there are opportunities to be had?
John Wren: I've never been happy reaching into my pocket and paying. I check more than I've had to. So the one thing that pivots off of the list of areas that I just recited is that the acquisitions we're looking at, we'll be able to look at them independently and be happy with them, but we'll also, more importantly, believe that we can leverage them with our existing client base and the existing needs of our clients.
Tim Nollen: Thanks. Your hatchery of deals I think speaks for itself. So appreciate the color there. thanks. 
Tim Nollen: We watch every shackle, as you have been playing on.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Craig Huber. Please go ahead. 
Q – Craig Huber: Thank you. John, my first question, just sort of big picture, I think most investors are being very happy if you guys delivered 5% to 6% organic revenue growth. Can you maybe share with us, if you would, the tone of the conversations with your clients as I sort of think about the marketing advertising budgets for this year, and how optimistic are they really leaning into brand awareness out there, driving transactions? Let me just touch on that first, please?
John Wren: Sure. I mean, I think the focus of every CEO out there is how do they create better relations with their customers, gain better knowledge of what our customers' needs are and develop a relationship with them because that will not only add to their performance in 2022, but sets the foundation for their relationships going forward. No one is going to deny that there are challenges both in the correction of what -- however long the supply chain takes to work its way through. I think we'll be a better place when that actually occurs and the fact that we're, at the moment, suffering from inflation that we haven't seen in quite a long period of time. So our customers are very -- our clients -- I wouldn't call them customers, are very focused on growth and also they're keenly aware that each one of their customers are being influenced by messages, 24/7 and bringing clarity about their products and indemnification and reasoning why they should be selected is what we're expert in. And so there haven't been any celebrations or parties, but a lot of very strategic and tactical conversations about how we're going to grow the business and how they're going to grow their business. So it's not – although enough, when you get on these calls or you get in front of a potential client is the tendency to talk about us, we're service provider. We're here to sell our clients' products.
Craig Huber: Sean, as you know, ever since Facebook reported a few days ago, there's been a lot of talk after that about TikTok and taking a lot of share out there of users' time on their mobile devices and so forth. I'm curious from your standpoint, from advertising going to TikTok or similar platforms like a Snap, Snapchat or what have you. Are they sort of viewed out there by your customers is more of experimental, or is it really sort of pick up steam after the advertising revenue shifting there?
John Wren: I can't really speak to Facebook's issues short-term or longer-term. But we are agnostic in terms of where we -- who we partner with and where we – where we get the information that we need in order to sell those clients products. And you look beyond the immediate to the impact of gaming and the impact of Metaverse whenever -- and as that really falls out from just a word to really capturing the attention of consumer and the great thing about the position that we're in today, and I think the decisions we've made is we've remained incredibly flexible and not tied to any -- I would say not only any single, but any multiple sources of gaining that data. And we -- if it makes sense for our clients for us to have a relationship with TikTok, it gets stronger as it makes sense for us to spend more money with Google and some of the efforts that it's doing, we can easily do that. We are an agent, but one that has built that flexibility and almost acknowledge that we can't accurately predict that. But what we can accurately predict is the fact that if we're flexible and we're not defending any previous decisions, we'll always be able to keep what's important in mind, which is the client and the client's requirements. I guess it's coming up on -- any other question?
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you, John.
Operator: And we have no other questions in queue at this time.
John Wren: I want to thank you all for joining us. We'll see on the next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Gregory Lundberg. Please go ahead.
Gregory Lundberg: Thank you for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, our Chief Financial Officer. On our website, omnicomgroup.com we’ve posted a press release along with a presentation covering the information we will review today. A webcast of this call is also available there and an archived version will be available when today’s call concludes.  Before we start, I would like to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements, non-GAAP financial and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. Certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectations. Relevant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are listed in our earnings materials and in our SEC filings including our 2020 Form 10-K, and our June 2021 Form 10-Q. Also during the course of today’s call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We will begin the call with an overview of our business from John, then Phil will review our financial results for the quarter. After our prepared remarks, we will open the line up for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon everybody and thank you for joining today. We are very pleased to report that in the third quarter we continued our year-over-year double-digit growth in our key financial performance metrics led by a very robust top-line.  As you can see on Slide 4 of our presentation, organic growth for the third quarter was 11.5%. The top-line results were broad based across our agencies, geographies and disciplines. Our growth was especially strong in CRM Precision at 24%. Our CRM Precision group is helping clients on their MarTech transformation, digital and e-commerce communications and direct-to-consumer marketing.  The group has played a key role in many of our recent new business wins where overall we continued our very strong momentum in Q3. Broadly, across our group growth was driven by improved economic conditions.  Omnicom’s suite of services and capabilities are positioning us to be extremely competitive in the marketplace to reimagine and strengthen our clients’ brands, seamlessly connect them with their customers across the marketing journey, transform their marketing technology platforms and innovate in e-commerce and new media channels.  Our revenue performance flowed through to our operating profit in bottom line. Our EBIT margins for the third quarter were 15.8%, which exceeded our 2020 margins and significantly outpaced the comparable period in 2019. Net income and EPS for the quarter grew by more than 13% versus 2020 and were also significantly above our 2019 results.  As we head into the fourth quarter, we are well positioned competitively and expect to benefit as economic growth continues to improve globally and from ongoing cost management. We currently expect our full year organic growth to be approximately 9% and our full year EBIT margin to exceed our year-to-date margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 of 15.1%.  Going forward, we remain focused on our key strategic initiatives, which are centered around our talent, dedication to creativity and building on our already strong capabilities in Precision Marketing and MarTech consulting, e-commerce, digital and performance media and predictive data-driven insights. In the third quarter, we made progress across these strategic initiatives as we announced three acquisitions.  Omnicom Media Group acquired Jump 450 Media, a performance marketing agency. The company leverages algorithmic scaling strategies, rapid creative testing and data analytics to optimize digital media spend and drive customer acquisitions. Jump 450 will form the foundation for a dedicated performance media platform and business operation within OMG.  Its focus on e-commerce and pure performance marketing will strengthen and add a distinct set of capabilities to OMG’s existing performance media offerings. Also in late September, we announced the acquisition of two German-based companies Antoni and OSK.  Antoni is one of the most innovative and creative agencies in Europe and was born with data and digital capabilities at its core. Antoni’s creative leadership and depth of talent will significantly strengthen our capabilities in Europe and around the globe.  OSK has been in the top 10 of PR and comms agencies in Germany since 2008 and is the undisputed number one for automotive. It provides a broad portfolio of services at the intersection of PR in social media and excels in the convergence of technology, mobility and communications. Our ability to bring together the brightest talent and data-driven consumer insights from across our organization to deliver holistic and integrated brand experiences is proving to be highly successful in our new business opportunities, as well as in servicing our existing clients.  Following on the heels of Philips naming Omnicom their global integrated service partner for creative and media communications, in the third quarter Mercedes Benz appointed Omnicom its global marketing communications partner. One of the world’s most iconic brands Mercedes Benz is today the leading luxury automotive experience company.  Team X, a dedicated team from across our groups will bring together the best-in-class talent and capabilities across Mercedes Benz customer journey with expertise in media and CRM, brand and performance creative web personalization and content automation, public relations and events, as well as paid and organic social.  And just last week, we won the Chanel media business globally adding another iconic global brand. As in all our significant wins as well as for our existing clients, our teams are able to showcase our creativity, data analysis and predictive insights and technology capabilities to deliver connected, personalized and seamless brand experiences for their respective customers at all touchpoints of the consumer journey.  One key differentiator for Omnicom in servicing our clients is our cohesive culture that binds us together. It’s a culture of creativity, flexibility and caring that our common value shared across our group. I often hear from clients that a deciding factor in their decision to hire Omnicom is that our people who bring distinct specialized skills to them, know and respect one another and genuinely collaborate.  Our ability to integrate services from across our marketing disciplines is underpinned by Omni, our open operating system that orchestrates better outcomes. Omni is built for collaboration acting as a conductor between different specialists using a single process in workflow from insights to execution. It empowers our people and our clients to make better and faster decisions, maximizing efficiency and ROI.  Omni also provides better intelligence by orchestrating first, second and third-party datasets to present a single comprehensive view of consumers. Our teams can then develop insights to create, plan and deliver the most impactful messages, content and communications to them at each stage of their consumer journey.  Omni is a unique and powerful tool for us and we now have over 40,000 Omnicom colleagues provisioned on the platform in over 60 countries. Hundreds of our clients including all of our top-20 utilize Omni. Moreover, the opensource system enables our practice areas like commerce, health and PR to customize Omni with different data sources for their clients.  For example, Omnicom Health Group created a custom offering called Omni Health. Since rolling it out in April of this year, OHG has leveraged the platform to play a key role in expanding the group’s Omnichannel offering with new and existing clients including AstraZeneca, and Janssen XARELTO to name a few.  In summary, even during the pandemic, we accelerated the strength of our services, capabilities and organization to deliver better outcomes for our clients and win new business. Our offering is powerful and differentiated. We have best-in-class talent and creativity using best-in-class operating systems and technologies. It’s a formula that will continue to win for us.  Before I turn it over to Phil, I want to spend a few moments on our relentless focus on talent. Throughout one of the most difficult times in recent history, our people have shown ingenuity, resilience and strength. We continue to spend and invest in training and development programs for all of our people from basic skills training all the way through the advanced programs of Omnicom University.  We recently expanded the curriculum for our DE&I and OPEN2.0 strategies. As the pandemic continues to present a substantial health risk, the well being of our colleagues remains our top priority. We are ensuring we have a safe work environment and are offering a variety of programs for managers and individuals to support the wellness, resilience and health at work.  I recently traveled to several of our U.S. and European offices and have met with many colleagues and clients who were happy to be back in the office. We are looking at many alternatives to provide our people a safe return back to the office. For example, this week, we are testing a private transportation service for New York City based colleagues.  In the months ahead, we look forward to welcoming more of our staff back with a continuing priority on their safety and flexibility. It is truly our world-class talent and our dedication to creativity and innovative solutions that drive real business outcomes for our clients. A key reason proof point reflecting the quality of our talent is Omnicom being named the most effective holding company in the U.S. by the 2021 Effie Awards.  Overall, we are extremely pleased with the third quarter and proud to say that our strategic focus and the decisions we made throughout the pandemic are now leading to positive results. Our results once again reflect Omnicom’s ability to adapt and respond to the changes in the market and deliver through economic cycles.  I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our financials. Phil? 
Philip Angelastro: Thanks, John, and good afternoon. While the impact of the pandemic continues to be felt across the globe, that impact has continued to moderate significantly as evidenced by our continued growth in the third quarter.  Slide 3 shows our third quarter improvement across our income statement where our revenue growth and expense control drove an 8% increase in operating profit. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 24.1% down from our estimated effective rate for 2021of between 26.5% and 27%. This was primarily due to the favorable settlement of uncertain tax positions in certain jurisdictions, the impact of which was approximately $10 million.  These items positively impacted net income and diluted earnings per share, which was $1.65, up $0.20 or 13.8% versus Q3 of last year and up $0.33 versus the third quarter of 2019. So our growth continues on this important metric, as well.  And finally, our $0.70 quarterly dividend, which was raised back in February to 7.7% higher than last year.  Let’s now flip to Slide 4 and look at the quarter in more detail beginning with revenues. Our total revenue growth was 7.1%. Organic growth for the quarter was 11.5% or $367 million, which represents a significant improvement compared to Q3 of 2020 when the pandemic drove an organic revenue decline of 11.7%.  The impact of foreign exchange rates increased our revenue by 1.6% in the quarter as dollar continue to weaken against most of our larger currencies compared to the prior year. If FX rates stay where they were on October 15, we expect foreign exchange to decrease our reported revenue by approximately 1% for the fourth quarter, and increase our reported revenue by 2% for the full year.  The impacts on revenue from net acquisitions and dispositions decreased revenue by 5.9%. Based on transactions that have been completed through September 30, 2021, our estimate is the net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity for the balance of the year will decrease reported revenue by approximately 7% in the fourth quarter and by approximately 4% for the full year.  While we will continue our process of evaluating our portfolio of businesses as part of our strategic planning, as John has said regarding dispositions, we are substantially complete.  If you turn to Slide 5, you can see our organic growth by discipline. Advertising, our largest discipline is 53% of our total revenues posted 8.6% organic growth with very strong performance from both our creative agencies and our media agencies. Please note that reported advertising growth is down 0.4% due primarily to the disposition of ICON in Q2 of 2021.  Our agency is focused on direct, digital and marketing transformation consulting services in our Precision Marketing discipline, also posted strong organic growth of 24.3%. With the exception of the second quarter of 2020, this discipline has been a consistent grower for some time and has become a larger portion of our business each quarter.  CRM Commerce and Brand Consulting was up 18% with our branding agencies leading the discipline’s performance. CRM Experience was up 50%. This business declined far more than our other disciplines in the third quarter of last year during the pandemic and has not yet recovered to pre-pandemic levels due to various global restrictions.  However, this remains an important area for our clients and we look forward to further growth as global economies continue lifting social distancing restrictions.  CRM Execution and Support was up 8.3% reflecting a recovery in client spend compared to the prior year in our field marketing businesses while our research businesses continued to lag. PR was up 10.5%. We have a positive outlook for the discipline especially within our global agencies as clients adjust to the new post-pandemic reality.  And finally, our healthcare discipline was up 6.6% organically. Healthcare was the only one of our service disciplines that had positive organic growth during the depths of the pandemic and continue to perform well.  Flipping to Slide 6, our revenue by region, the key takeaway is that all of our geographies again posted solid organic growth. This growth was driven by virtually every discipline within each region. Outside the U.S., where total organic growth was 16%, double-digit growth in each region was led by Germany, the UK, Canada, and Australia.  Our advertising media and PR agencies performed well with double-digit growth and our precision marketing agencies were sizable contributors and also posted strong double-digit growth. In addition, experiential growth outside the U.S. was over 100% in total.  In the U.S., we generated 7.7% organic growth, which was boosted by strong double-digit growth in our Precision Marketing and PR disciplines, as well as solid growth at our healthcare agencies. Our advertising experiential disciplines also grew in the U.S., but at a slower rate than the growth outside the U.S. The last revenue view I’d like to share with you is by industry sector on Slide 7. The change in mix by sector in the portfolio was small on a year-to-date basis when compared to last year.  In summary, our revenue performance was very strong across the board on both a reported and organic basis and when analyzed by discipline, geography or industry sector.  Let’s now turn to Slide 8 and look at our operating expenses. To make the analysis more relevant, we have also included a supplemental slide in the appendix that shows the 2021 amounts presented in constant dollars.  Beginning with our largest category, salary and service costs these costs increased by 7.6% in total and may tend to fluctuate with the change in revenue. We would also note that the Q3 2020 salary and service cost amounts were reduced by reimbursements received from government programs of $68.7 million.  As we continue to look forward, we expect a healthy advertising and marketing spending outlook and strong demand from our clients will necessitate an increase in staffing. The tight labor market will create challenges in the near term that we are confident our management teams will overcome.  Moving down the P&L, third-party service cost which fluctuate with changes in revenue decreased 6.9% during the quarter due to our net disposition activity primarily related to the disposition of ICON and partially offset by the organic growth in revenue, as well as the effects of foreign exchange rate changes.  Occupancy and other costs which are not directly linked to changes in revenue were up 4.5% year-on-year or 2.9% when excluding foreign exchange rate translation impacts. As expected, these good results continue to reflect our efforts to reduce infrastructure costs and also benefited from a decrease in general office expenses, as the majority of our staff continued to work remotely in Q3.  SG&A expense levels were up 5.3% on a year-over-year basis or 4.2% when excluding foreign exchange rate translation impacts. We are beginning to see a return of travel and certain other adjustable spend costs as pandemic-related government restrictions ease.  However, based on our use of technology during the pandemic, we are developing practices, particularly with respect to travel that we expect will allow us to continue to retain some of the benefits we achieved in reducing addressable spend during the pandemic.  Overall, we expect that the increase in addressable spend for the balance of the year will be mitigated in part by the benefits we will continue to achieve from a hybrid and agile workforce. As we think about our future expense levels, we certainly expect that some areas will increase in line with our business as activity picks up and life returns to normal.  But at the same time, we will also continue to evaluate ways to improve efficiency throughout the organization by continuing to focus on real estate portfolio management, back office services, procurement and IT services. With the strong revenue growth we discussed earlier, coupled with good expense control, you can see a notable improvement in our operating profit on a year-over-year basis at the bottom of the slide, up 8% for the quarter and 60.1% year-to-date.  Growing our operating profit dollars remains one of our most important areas of focus. This strong growth in operating profit was also accompanied by improved margins, which you can see on Slide 9. For the third quarter, our operating profit margin was 15.8% as expressed in terms of our reported total revenues.  We continued to see operating margin improvement year-over-year resulting from the proactive management of our discretionary addressable spend cost categories including a reduction in travel and related costs, reductions in certain costs of operating our offices given the continued remote work environment as well as benefits from some of the repositioning actions taken back in the second quarter of 2020.  Lastly, on this slide, our reported EBITDA for the quarter was $560.3 million, up 7.4% for the quarter and 56.3% year-to-date. EBITDA margins also remained strong for the quarter and have expanded nicely year-to-date compared to last year and we expect this strong performance to continue through the rest of this year.  Let’s now turn to our cash flow performance on Slide 10 where you can see that in the first nine months of 2021, we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital, a $114 million or 10% increase versus the same period last year. There were no material year-over-year changes for CapEx or acquisitions as we continue to conservatively manage our cash.  While stock repurchases are down relative to pre-pandemic periods, due to a curtailment during the pandemic, we resumed our activity during the second and third quarters of this year and we expect to continue in Q4 and beyond. You should not expect to change in our historical approach to capital allocation and the use of our free cash flow in the future.  We will continue to pay an attractive dividend. We have indicated that we increased our focus on acquisition opportunities and are in the process of closing on several acquisitions. Importantly, our acquisition strategy is focusing on the faster growing disciplines in our portfolio and driving future organic growth for the company. And we will use the balance of our free cash flow to repurchase our stock.  Our strong cash generation again enhanced our credit and liquidity, which you can see summarized on Slide 11. Our total debt was down about $500 million since this time last year as we eliminated the extra liquidity we added early on in the pandemic. We did this through the early retirement in Q2 of $1.5 billion of our 3.65% senior notes, which were due next year, partially replaced with the issuance of $800 million of 2.6% ten year notes due in 2031.  As you can see in the slide, our maturities are well laddered with nothing due until late 2024 as we delivered to pre-pandemic levels. As for our debt ratios, due to our overall operating improvement versus Q3 of 2020, and our recent refinancing activity, we’ve reduced our total debt to EBITDA ratio to 2.2 times and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 0.4 times.  I’ll end our prepared remarks today on Slide 12 where you can see for the 12 months ending September 30, 2021, we generated a strong return on invested capital of 26.4% and a return on equity of 47%. Both metrics increased substantially over the 2020 levels. And while these are just two points in time, it’s important to remember our long-term track record of providing solid returns to shareholders through business execution and the resulting consistent allocation of capital to dividends, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases.  And that concludes our prepared remarks today. Operator, please open the lines up for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Alexia Quadrani : Hi. Thank you very much. I guess my first question is on the overall advertising market. John, I am not really asking about organic growth outlook, but more about the underlying state of the marketplace. Are you still seeing kind of an acceleration in growth or recovery? Are we sort of more at a steady state? I am trying to get a sense if there is some verticals, whether it’s entertainment, or maybe auto that haven’t fully recovered and therefore there is still better days ahead in theory ahead of us in terms of where we are in the recovery.  And any thoughts staying on that vein of how we should think about the project base business at the end of the year. I know you don’t usually have a lot of insight this early on, but if you have any thoughts on that I’d appreciate it. Thanks. 
John Wren: Sure. There are still some areas to come that clients would like to deploy money to especially when it comes to live events and execution type of activities. We saw that start up again very robustly in China in the beginning of the quarter. Slowdown in China continue to had some problems but wherever its possible, you can see that we are coming back and companies like insurance companies or some of our government accounts would like to get back out on the road and visit with people constantly. So, there is more to come I think. Having said that, our underlying growth areas have been, as I said in the call, CRM, advertising and media, they’ve been strong and they’ve more than compensated for the not yet returned segments where people will in fact spend money as we move forward as more people get back to the regular schedule.  And I think it’s been 20 months since most people have shut down and it’s – without any severe disease setbacks, I think we’ll increasingly see more and more people back in offices and – because they are already going to sporting events and dinner and enjoying themselves. And more to come and I am pretty bullish about the future. 
Alexia Quadrani : And just on the project.
John Wren: Yes, on the project business, in truth, at this point, we have forecasted what our folks have told us. As you know that changes – and can change quite a bit as you go through the quarter. We are being a bit conservative this year because, there have been supply chain concerns throughout this pandemic. They have gotten a bit more severe, but not outrageously more severe and we know that clients will continue to spend at the level they are currently spending at. We just don’t know if there will be those yearend situations where they can deploy more dollars. So, I think it was pretty clear that we believe that – I think for the first time, I didn’t warn about that in all the calls I listen to. And probably for the first time I told you what we believe organic growth can be for the full year in terms of what we see right now. 
Alexia Quadrani : Yes. That’s really helpful. I appreciate that. And maybe just one follow-up for Phil if I may. On margins for the longer term and I am not looking for guidance for next year but just more of a qualitative commentary. Shouldn’t we see margins not necessarily higher than this year, obviously, but when you look versus a normalized year like 2019, should EBITA margins be maybe a little bit better in theory. Just you have more of a normalized cost structure, but maybe not a 100% back to the way it was pre-COVID. And of course, you have some of the benefit of the divestitures and the restructuring. I am curious how we should think about profitability versus again, pre-COVID going forward. 
Philip Angelastro: Sure. In summary, I think based on everything we know today, as we look out into the future beyond what John said in his prepared remarks, which was essentially we are comfortable that through nine months, we are at an EBIT margin of 15.1%. We expect for the year, we will be 15.1%. I think as we look out into the future, we don’t expect that our margins are going to deteriorate from that. It’s too early to forecast 2022. But we are optimistic that we’ll be able to maintain those levels.  There is an awful lot of unknown at the moment with COVID and returning to travel. We have benefited from a reduction in travel expenses and some of the other addressable spend cost that our agencies have done a great job managing. We do expect to maintain some of that permanently. But as we grow, costs are going to come back. And the challenge for us is going to be to maintain them relative to a growing cost base and we are confident that our performance through nine months will be sustainable and our expectations for this year will be similar from a margin perspective going forward.
Alexia Quadrani : Thank you very much. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet : I just had a simple question on Slide 6. The disparity in organic growth between the U.S. and rest of the world. Is the right way to interpret that that the ICON disposition [Indiscernible] in the U.S. or is there other [Indiscernible] organic growth rate? Thanks.
Philip Angelastro: ICON itself – you are correct, is a U.S. based business. So certainly that is a part of it. There is also, when you look at the components of our growth in experiential, and the experiential discipline, the growth outside the U.S. was significantly higher than the growth inside the U.S. Both the U.S. experiential business and the international experiential business grew rapidly in the quarter, which was certainly a positive.  But the growth outside the U.S., which is more - say, large event-driven as opposed to the U.S. business having some component of consultative part of the business grew less rapidly. It grew right. Its performance was really, really good. But the U.S. business grew at a less rapid rate than the international business and we are happy with the performance of both.  And then, in the U.S., as you said before, ICON, the disposition is largely a U.S. based business.
Jason Bazinet : Okay. Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne. Please go ahead - with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne : Hi. Good afternoon, guys. I have two questions. The first for - one or both of you really on using your balance sheet and cash flow sort of more aggressively. John, you talked about M&A last quarter and wanting to be more active. You guys have picked up the pace there a bit. But I am just wondering if you think if you would like to do larger deals if you can find them when they make sense financially, particularly in areas like Precision Marketing or if that’s just a business where you are generally either building organically and/or buying kind of tuck-ins? And Phil, the same kind of question on the buyback, I mean you guys bought back - you picked up the pace this quarter. But your balance sheet is in great shape. You don’t have any maturities anytime soon. Money is pretty cheap. Business is growing. Just curious if you guys think that the balance sheet should be a more offensive weapon for lack of a better phrase than what we’ve seen recently.
John Wren : Let me see if I can answer your first question. The size of the opportunity really has never gotten in our way one way or the other in terms of our ability or affordability for what we believe is a strategic and an accretive transaction. What is different and I did mentioned in the last call, you are right, was we went from a mode of cleaning up the portfolio to really reactivating our people that are looking for certain acquisitions in the areas that I outlined.  And the practice, in addition to the corporate effort that’s going on there, each one of the practice areas that we are focused on for acquisitions is – has a similar group to the corporate group out scouring the market to find out if we can find partners that we want to do business with going forward.
Philip Angelastro: So, on, on - just to continue on what John had said and then talk about capital allocation more broadly. Certainly, our preference, as we’ve indicated is to spend more of our free cash flow on acquisitions that the characteristics that we’ve typically described and that John touched on. So we are very confident in the areas that we want to grow in and where we are looking for acquisitions, the faster growth areas and businesses that are going to contribute to an acceleration of organic growth in the future.  But I don’t think you can – you should expect anything to change significantly in our approach to capital allocation. We’ll continue to look at our free cash flow and paying attractive dividend. We are going to continue as we said, more aggressively to pursue acquisition opportunities in those higher growth areas, and we expect to continue to be successful on that front. We did start to get back in the market a little bit in the second quarter more in the third quarter of this year in terms of buying back shares and using our free cash flow for buying back shares. That will continue in Q4. We don’t set and won’t set an acquisition bogey for 2022 in terms of a dollar amount or a percentage of free cash flow.  And if there are more attractive deals available, we are going to pursue them and if we overspend or underspend our free cash flow, we are going to do it for the right reasons. And our share buyback approach won’t change in that broader context either.
Ben Swinburne : And then, if I could just ask a follow-up to Alexia’s question on the revenue guidance for 2021 of 9%. I think that implies something like 5% or 6% for the fourth quarter roughly. John, you mentioned you were being conservative or your colleagues conservative on project. Is that sort of why we are seeing sort of a deceleration relative to last year’s still pretty favorable comp in the fourth quarter? Or anything else you’d add about supply chain or anything else in Q4 that you’d want to highlight?
John Wren : Sure. In answering Alexia’s question, that forecast, that implied forecast, I believe you’ve calculated to be pretty accurate. Any projects that we have been able to forecast are included in that’s – in what we are saying. So it’s not without some activity. We – in each year, normally, as you know, I get on the call and say, well, growth, who knows where growth is really going to be, but, because we don’t know what the budget flush project spending is going to be.  We’ve taken a real hard look at it this year and we’ve probably done a better job of ferreting out some of those unknowns than we have in past years. So it’s a fairly, based upon everything we know sitting here right now, it’s a very reliable outlook. Having said that, that’s what we expect and that’s what we are hiring for and planning day-to-day as we go through the tactics of running a business. It’s something were to come in, so be it. But at this point, I don’t think it will be reasonable or responsible to forecast more.
Ben Swinburne : Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber : Thank you. I have a few questions. First one, John, if you can just touch on, I am curious in your general conversations with your clients, what is the general tone of business from their end and how you think that’s going to translate here into their marketing advertising spend that will go through Omnicom?
John Wren : Sure. Most of the conversations that I’ve been having with our clients have been multifaceted. I mean, they are generally very optimistic that as people return to the workplace and start to spend money, start to get out of the house that we’ll see more and more spending and growth, at least in the near term. That’s probably tempered by the supply that some of our clients can come through with in terms of the goods that are held up in ports or they know will come, they’ll be able to market but they are not certain that they’ll have them in their parking lots or stores to sell today.  That’s their issue for the most part. We’ve spent a great deal of time looking at this and talking to people about it, to find out what the impact is from those issues on the current level of spending that we are seeing. And we are very comfortable that we don’t see any real cutbacks from what we are currently projecting for you. So - and it’s the great unknown. Everybody - it covers every bit of the news and all the rest and I think all responsible people are focused on it daily, so.
Craig Huber : Then, John, we’ve talked about this in the past, in the long term, once we get through the pandemic, as the economy normalizes out here, you’ve expressed optimism to get your organic growth rate back to global nominal GDP type growth rates and stuff. Just go through for us what - why you are so optimistic you’ll be able to get back to that please?
John Wren : The reason I have been optimistic is that, in the three years leading up to the pandemic, what we would do, we will strategically and I think sensibly and responsibly, trimming and reshaping our portfolio for companies that we believe were going to contribute to our growth longer term. And we finished for the most part, that process at the end of last year, the beginning of this - I guess this year, forgive me.  And last year we started to truly search for and support using our acquisition dollars some of the areas that we have decided will be large contributors to growth going forward. And so our portfolio has changed I guess over the last several years and we’ve been very deliberate during the pandemic to not take our foot off of the accelerator.  And so, I think we are left with matches where clients need and they are going to spend their money now and for the foreseeable future. And we will keep working at it and trying to make grow it and make certain that we can provide services that in the aggregate I am confident that we are going to get back to GDP plus.
Craig Huber : And then, my final question, John, as you kind of look back on those three years or so prior to the pandemic, the organic revenue growth lagged global nominal GDP. What else would you point to why that actually happened if you have time now to look back on that?
John Wren : I just gave you what I think was the real principal reason. I am sure there are many other factors. I’d have to think more before I could point to any other single thing that would materially have impacted it. The reshaping of the portfolio is terribly important. 
Philip Angelastro : Yes, certainly we try not to dwell too much on the distant past by now.
Craig Huber : Very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon : Hey, good afternoon everyone. I want to return – not maybe not specifically to the Jump 450 acquisition. That made a lot of sense for OMG, retail media is a really hot space right now. What I wanted to ask about John, was really how you feel about your e-commerce capabilities across the entire portfolio, presumably the accelerating shift in e-commerce is relevant to a lot of your agencies. So, would love to hear how you are capitalizing that across the group. Thank you.
John Wren : Certainly. For a good part of 2020 and the earlier part of 2021, there was a concerted effort especially focused that of our media and retail shopper marketing practice areas to take a very hard look into skill sets and capabilities that we had within Omnicom. And how we could ensure and accelerate our knowledge and importance to our clients as they depend more and more on e-commerce solutions to interface with their consumers and their customers.  And we are very bullish that we have a pretty significant set of resources out there that are able to respond to that need. And it’s one of the areas that we’ve identified and we continue to search for sensible acquisitions which will enhance the skills that are already within the company.
Dan Salmon : If I could slip in one follow-up for Phil, with maybe the worst of the pandemic behind us, can you comment just a little bit on the type of leverage levels that you - John, maybe you could comment as well and the Board are looking at over the near to midterm?
Philip Angelastro: I think after we recently delevered, as we referenced, I think you can expect us to stay in around our historical levels on a gross debt basis. So 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 in that neighborhood. I think the Board certainly is comfortable with that. We as a management team are relatively conservative about our leverage levels. And I think you can expect to see us in and around those levels going forward.
John Wren : Okay. Couldn’t agree more with him and if you had looked historically, there have been two times only we’ve intentionally deleveraged and taken any insurance out. One was after the Great Recession in 2008 and one was after the pandemic here. So, the management has been terribly consistent for a very long period of time.
Dan Salmon : Thank you. Appreciated both.
John Wren : Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson : Thanks. I have two for you guys along the same line. I wonder over the past 18 months or so, what have you learned about your cost structure and client services that you can internalize and maybe save going forward. So, there has to be something that may surprise you about how you went to market and maybe things that you can capture going forward.  And then, the flip side of that is, John there is always been times of hiring challenges. Can you talk a bit about the wage pressures you are seeing or maybe the lack of candidates and the pressure to find the people and is this timing any different than prior times on those counts? Thanks.
John Wren : Sure. Do you want to take the first part?
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I’ll start with the first part and then you can add. So certainly, we learned quite a bit about our people and our businesses. Communication was certainly critical and continues to be critical with all constituencies that make up our businesses. So our employees, the people that manage our individual agencies, our clients staying close to them throughout the pandemic was certainly made possible by the technology investments we had made over the last several years and we are able to do so without a hitch.  So, technology played a large role. I think we’ve learned that there is an awful lot that we can do as a business and our people can do to service their clients using that technology to do things that we never thought were possible before. That’s going to enable us going forward to look at the business a little differently and our infrastructure a little bit differently, so that we can continue to get the most out of those technology investments going forward.  We also think from a people perspective mentoring our people, especially our younger colleagues. It works best when people are together. Creativity works best when people are together. There’s an awful lot we can do remotely. No question we’ve proved that out. But over time we are a culture that works best when we are together.  Certainly, the pandemic proved that we need to be flexible in that approach and it may differ market-by-market or business-by-business. But I think we are a culture of collaboration and while we can utilize technology to take advantage of a number of opportunities, we do work best and look forward to our people coming together to collaborate again in person.  And certainly, the acceleration of digital and e-commerce broadly in the marketplace and each of our clients pursuing their own strategies, our agencies have done a great job in helping them deal with all the changes that come with that. And certainly our Precision Marketing Group has done extremely well in that area helping its clients on a number of initiatives that they’re pursuing in digital and e-commerce. And yes, we are optimistic that that growth will continue on an accelerated pace.
John Wren : I only have a couple of points to make in trying to answer your question, but feel free to come back if I don’t cover it. 
Michael Nathanson : Okay.
John Wren : I would say almost at any point in time there is always a challenge to get more of the best and the brightest. This period of time did not made that any easier and we continue to go out and search and tried to bring into Omnicom those people who possess both skills and are looking for a place that has a truly defined culture that we will offer them career passes that they can look forward to and a diverse set of clients in different industries that they can practice their craft.  As Phil said, we also spend, as part of that culture very dedicated and we never cutback a penny on this, on what we dedicate to training and the development of our younger staff. So, the challenge is ever present. Now, we, like everybody else, faced some nuance and some different challenges during this period. But we are also as we face some salary increases for certain things, we are a very highly incentive compensation type model.  So in terms of what we pay out in total sum, we are well within our capability of dealing with any challenges that we’ve seen thus far and can anticipate in terms of the inflation in salary costs. So environment and culture becomes terribly important.  The other thing when looking at groups like ours, which can’t be overlooked is that our clients in their marketing departments are facing more severe challenges of losing talent and requiring our assistance in certain areas that maybe in more comfortable times, they wouldn’t has been as keen to buy or as wanting to be first in the queue to make sure that we can preserve those people to service their needs. So it’s a - for everything that makes the glass half empty, we’ve been able to and been blessed with it being really half full.
Michael Nathanson : Okay. Thanks guys.
John Wren : Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen : Thanks, I’ve got a macro question and a business question. The macro question is about inflation actually. So we’ve talked about supply chain issues a fair bit on this call. But in previous macro cycles, inflation has often been a good thing for ad spending and therefore for your business. And I wonder if you have any thoughts on that, how that looks now or if that maybe is a negative indication of some of the supply chain issues now instead.  And then, the business question is, you’re talking a fair bit about Precision Marketing here, which is great to hear. I wonder if you can give us a bit more color maybe on what are some of the M&A opportunities? It seems like that’s the area that you’re looking at to bolster your Precision Marketing business. What kind of areas do you feel like you would like to fill out better? And how you would then look versus your peers? Thanks.
John Wren : I don’t know where to start. But I mean I can’t predict inflation, but my CFO probably will take a shot at it.
Philip Angelastro: So there has certainly been lots of press on inflation for quite a while now. Is it transitory? Is it non-transitory? Plenty of people have an opinion, many of which are different. The Fed has their own opinion as to whether it’s transitory. But certainly sectors like CPG, auto, food have been impacted and we’ll see how it plays out over time.  But to-date, the feedback we’ve gotten in our discussions with clients, it really hasn’t been a negative or a positive in having any kind of a meaningful impact at this point on their spending plans near-term. So we haven’t seen and don’t expect significant reductions in consumer spending in the near-term. And ultimately, I don’t think there is a definitive answer that anyone has at this point in time. We are just going to have to see how it plays out.  And then regarding the Precision Marketing space, we’ve done a few deals of some business transformation consulting firms and also some MarTech consulting firms that have been quite successful and we’ve built out. Credera, the initial acquisition we did several years ago, it has some global offices now and more offices in the U.S. than it had before.  Extremely successful and we expect that that success will continue and certainly those are areas within Precision Marketing that we are looking for opportunities and we expect to find some additional opportunities. There is some other strategic areas within what could be viewed as a relatively broad category. But we haven’t finalized any of those transactions and then we are not sure whether we will be successful or not. But certainly, we’ve got our eye on a few different opportunities.
Tim Nollen : Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. Sure.
John Wren : At this point, I’ve been asked to thank everybody and we are sorry if we couldn’t get to all of your questions. And we hope to see you and speak to you very soon. So with that, I just want to say thank you for joining us and giving us your time.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. And at this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Chief Communications Officer, Joanne Trout. Please go ahead.
Joanne Trout: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, our Chief Financial Officer.  We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with a presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Joanne, and good morning to everyone on the call today. I hope you are staying safe and healthy.  We are pleased to kick off today’s call by reporting that we’ve rounded the corner into positive growth. We had extremely strong results top and bottom line and continue to make very good progress on several of our strategic initiatives. Organic growth for the second quarter was a positive 24.4%. This growth was broad-based across our agencies, geographies, disciplines and client sectors. We experienced a significant increase in spend from existing clients as the effects of the pandemic subsided, and we benefited from strong new business wins. EBIT was $568 million in the quarter, an increase of 67% versus the second quarter of 2020. Q2 2021 included a gain of $50.5 million from the sale of ICON International in early June, and Q2 2020 EBIT included $278 million of charges related to the repositioning actions. Excluding gains and charges, EBIT margin was 14.5% in the quarter compared to 12.2% in Q2 2020. Phil will provide further details on the expected impact of the sale of ICON on our results for the balance of the year. As we stated on our last call, we view 2019 as a reasonable proxy for our ongoing margin expectations. Excluding the sale of ICON, our six months 2021 EBIT margin was 14%, which is in line with our EBIT margin of 13.9% for the first six months of 2019. Net income was $348 million in the second quarter, an increase of 75% from the second quarter of 2020 and EPS was $1.60 per share, an increase of 74%. The net impact from the gain on the sale of ICON, which was offset by an interest expense charge related to the early retirement of debt, increased EPS in Q2 2021 by $0.14 per share. Before I provide more comments on our financial performance and progress on our strategic initiatives, I want to acknowledge the work of our leadership team and all of our people for these financial results. Our leaders took difficult and effective actions over the past year-and-a-half. At the same time, they remained laser-focused on the health of their teams, servicing our clients, winning new business, and managing their cost structures. Our ability to navigate in this environment and come out the other side with such strong results is a testament to their commitment as well as the dedication and tireless effort of our people around the world. I want to thank them for their outstanding contributions.  Turning now to our performance by geography, every region had double-digit growth in the quarter. The U.S. was up just shy of 20% in the quarter. All U.S. disciplines had double-digit growth except for healthcare, which was up in the low single digits. It was the one discipline that grew in Q2 of 2020. Other North America was up 37.1%, the U.K. was up 23.8% with all disciplines in double digits. Overall growth in the euro and non-euro region was 34.5%. In Asia Pacific, we had 27.9% increase with all major countries experiencing double-digit growth. Our events business in China had another quarter of strong performance. Latin America was up 20.8% and the Middle East and Africa increased 42.8%.  By discipline, all areas were up year-over-year as follows: advertising and media, 29.8%; CRM precision marketing, 25%; CRM commerce and brand consultancy, 15.2%; CRM experiential, 53%; CRM execution and support, 22.7%; PR, 15.1%; and healthcare, 4.5%. Looking forward, we expect to continue to see positive organic growth as client spend increases, albeit at a slower pace than we experienced in Q2. Our management teams are continuing to align costs with our revenues as markets reopen around the world. Many of our companies are hiring staff to service an increasing client spend and the new business wins, and we have seen some pressure on our staff costs, particularly in the U.S. as the labor markets remain tight.  We are also beginning to see a return of travel and certain other addressable spend as government restrictions have eased. Based on our use of technology during the pandemic, we are developing practices particularly with respect to travel that should allow us to continue to retain some of the benefits we achieved in addressable spend. We expect that the increase in addressable spend in the second half of the year will be mitigated in part by the benefits we will achieve from a hybrid and agile workforce. Turning to our cash flow, we again performed very strongly. For the first half of the year, we generated approximately $800 million in free cash flow. As we indicated last quarter, in addition to our dividend increase, in May, our Board approved the reinstatement of our share repurchase program. In the second quarter, we repurchased $102 million in shares. We took further actions to reduce our debt during the quarter. In mid-April, we issued $800 million of senior notes due in 2031. The proceeds from this issuance, together with cash on hand, were used to repay $1.25 billion of senior notes due in 2022. As a result of these actions, our balance sheet and credit ratings remain very strong. While we are very optimistic about our future prospects, we remain vigilant and are maintaining flexibility in our planning as conditions can quickly change. As we recently experience in markets like Brazil, India and Japan, the pandemic remains a significant health risk. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our performance this quarter and proud of how we’ve navigated through the pandemic. Our results reflect Omnicom’s ability to adapt and respond to changes in the market and deliver through down economic cycles.  Let me now turn to the progress on our strategic and operational initiatives. As I mentioned, in early June, we completed the sale of ICON International, our specialty media business. The divestiture was part of our continuing realignment of portfolio businesses and is consistent with our plan to dispose of companies that are no longer aligned with our long-term strategies and investment priorities.  With the closing of this transaction, we are substantially complete with disposals. We expect our primary focus moving forward will be on pursuing accretive acquisitions in the areas of precision marketing, more tech and digital transformation, commerce, media and healthcare. We have ramped up our M&A efforts in these areas and are pleased with the opportunities we are seeing. We remain disciplined with respect to our strategic approach and valuation parameters.  Operationally, Omnicom continues to successfully deliver to our clients a comprehensive suite of marketing and communication services supported by technology and analytic capabilities around the world. The leaders of our practice areas, agencies and global clients have used this formula to strengthen our relationships and grow with existing clients as well as pursuing new business. Importantly, our organization allows our leadership teams to quickly mobilize our assets to deliver strategic solutions for our clients from across the group. Whether their need is for integrated services across regions or more bespoke individualized solutions in specific countries, we can simplify and organize our services in a manner that meets our clients’ needs. For example, we have a long history of providing integrated services to some of the world’s largest brands, such as Apple, AT&T, Nissan and State Farm, and we continue to be successful in winning new business.  A good example of this is our win with Philips, who named Omnicom as their global integrated service partner for creative media and communications. Over months’ long and highly competitive pitch, we were able to demonstrate the strength of our agencies and a delivery model that connects creativity, culture and technology to position Philips as a leader in the changing health industry. Another example of our integrated creative media and communications offerings is our recent win of the baby wipes brand, WaterWipes.  We also serve clients and consistently win new business across dedicated service areas and geographies. For example, some of the wins this quarter in addition to the ones mentioned above were BBDO being named global lead strategic and creative agency partner for the Facebook app, Discover naming TBWA its brand creative agency of record, JetBlue hiring Adam & Eve as its new global creative partner, Red Bull awarding PHD in its media business in North America, BBDO being awarded Audi creative duties and social media communications in Singapore, and PHD winning Audi media business in China, and Virgin Atlantic selecting Lucky Generals as its lead creative agency. Our comprehensive suite of services and our ability to simplify how we bring them to our clients will continue to drive our success. Congratulations and thank you to our people for these wins and many more. In the second half, we expect to see an increase in new business activity across industry sectors, including CPG, luxury, healthcare, retail and automotive. I’m confident that our exceptional talent, range of services, and our ability to organize our offerings to meet the needs of potential clients will allow us to capture more than our fair share of new business. Our constant innovation and service delivery has also resulted in highly regarded industry awards. At Cannes Lions Live 2021, our agencies were recognized for their excellence in both the creative and media disciplines. Hong Kong’s Global Creative Networks, BBDO, DDB and TBWA placed in the top 10 of the network over the festival competition, taking the highly coveted title and BBDO was named agency of the festival. Omnicom Media agencies PHD and OMD are in first and second place respectively in the media network of the festival’s competition and overall more than 160 Omnicom agencies in 45 countries won more than 180 Lions.  This impressive showing at Cannes Lions is just one example of how our agencies excel. They received a number of other industry awards, which include FleishmanHillard being named Campaign Global PR Agency of the Year and TBWA APAC winning Digital Network of the Year, Goodby, Silverstein & Partners making ad agents’ A-list and TBWA being named as an agency standout, DDB Worldwide wining 2021 Network of the Year at the 100th anniversary of the ADC Awards hosted by The One Club, and DDB Germany being named Agency of the Year. These awards are a direct reflection of our [indiscernible] pursuit of creative excellence. Our best in class talent is what defines Omnicom and makes us an award winning company. With this in mind, we are constantly looking to invest in our people and create opportunities across the enterprise, including at the C-suite level and throughout our senior leadership. A recent addition to our practice area leadership is Chris Foster, who was appointed CEO of Omnicom’s public relations group. Chris will oversee our entire PR portfolio, focusing on talent, innovation and cross-agency collaboration to drive growth. I’m confident that his track record of leading global growth initiatives, counseling executive-level clients, and driving business development will lead to the continued success of OPRG. John Doolittle has been elevated to Chairman of OPRG. Another key leadership position we recently created is focused on our environmental sustainability initiatives. Last week, we appointed Karen van Bergen as Chief Environmental Sustainability Officer. Karen will be responsible for overseeing our climate change initiatives and processes, which includes setting measurable goals, policies and partnerships that will reduce our carbon footprint. This new position will be in addition to Karen’s current role as EVP and Dean of Omnicom University. Environmental sustainability is an area where we are doubling down on our efforts. We established goals five years ago to lessen the impact of our operations on the environment, and we are now looking to drive even more progress. We are currently establishing new goals and commitments to reduce the carbon emissions produced by our operations and increase the amount of electricity we derive from renewable sources. In addition to these internal goals, Omnicom has joined numerous industry initiatives that will serve as catalysts for change.  For example, several of our U.K. agencies have joined Ad Net Zero, the industry’s initiative to achieve real net zero carbon emissions from the development, production, and media placement of advertising by the end of 2030, and we are a founding member of #ChangetheBrief Alliance, which calls for the agencies and marketers to harness the power of their advertising to promote sustainable consumer choices and behaviors. Karen is just the right leader for driving our initiatives in this critical area given her long tenure with Omnicom and excellent previous experience working on environmental initiatives at multinational corporations. I have no doubt we will continue to raise the bar [indiscernible] environment. Another critical area we have intensified our efforts over the past 12-month is DE&I. We have doubled the number of DE&I leaders throughout Omnicom over this time and we have established specific KPIs to measure our progress. The KPIs are focused on hiring, advancement, promotion, retention, training, and employee resource groups. This is a key step to ensuring DE&I is embedded across the leadership agenda with the full commitment and accountability of our network and practice area CEOs. For Omnicom, DE&I starts at the top with our board of directors. Currently, our board is the most diverse in the S&P 500 with six women and four African-American members, including our lead independent director. We’re also pleased that three of our 12 network and practice area CEOs are people of color or female. While it is still too early to measure our progress, I’m pleased to report that preliminary review of our employee diversity in the United States shows a meaningful increase in the number of diverse employees as of June 30, 2021 compared to the end of 2020. I look forward to a lot more progress being made in the months ahead. Continuing to focus on our people, we are pleased many of them have returned to the office as government restrictions are reduced or eliminated. We are encouraging our people to begin to make plans to return to offices as conditions improve in their local markets. Overall, we believe a return to an office-centric culture will enable us to invent, collaborate and win together most effectively. In turn, it will allow us to best serve our clients. The return to office will be grounded in safety and flexibility and local leaders will determine what combination of office and remote work is most effective for their teams. I personally look forward to re-engaging in person with our people and our clients over the coming weeks and months. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the second quarter results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thanks John, and good morning. As John discussed in his remarks, while the impact of the pandemic continues to be felt across the globe, that impact has moderated significantly as evidenced by our return to growth in Q2. We expect our return to growth will continue in the second half; however, as long as COVID-19 remains a public health threat, some uncertainty regarding economic conditions will continue which could impact our clients’ spending plans and the performance of our businesses may vary by geography and discipline.  Organic growth for the quarter was 24.4% or $682 million, which represents a significant increase compared to Q2 of 2020, which reflected the onset of the pandemic when revenue declined by 23% or $855 million. In addition, in early June we completed the disposition of ICON, our specialty media business, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of $50.5 million. The sale of ICON was consistent with our strategic plan and investment priorities and the disposition is not expected to have a material impact on our ongoing operating income for 2021. Flipping to Slide 4 for a summary of our revenue performance for the second quarter, in addition to our organic revenue growth of 24.4% for the quarter, the impact of foreign exchange rates increased our revenue by 5.4% in the quarter, higher than we anticipated entering the quarter as the dollar continued to weaken against most of our larger currencies compared to the prior year. The impact on revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by 2.2%, primarily related to the sale of ICON. As a result, our reported revenue in the second quarter increased 27.5% to $3.57 billion from the $2.8 billion reported for Q2 of 2020. I’ll return to discuss the details of the changes in revenue in a few minutes. Turning back to Slide 1, our reported operating profit for the quarter increased to $568 million, including a $50.5 million gain on the sale of ICON. As you’ll remember, our Q2 2020 results included a $278 million COVID-19 repositioning charge which included severance actions, real estate lease impairments and terminations and related fixed asset charges, as well as a loss on the disposition of several small non-core underperforming agencies.  Our operating margin for the quarter was 15.9%, up significantly from Q2 2020 even after excluding the gain on the sale of ICON in the current period and adding back the repositioning charge recorded in Q2 of 2020. We also continued to see operating margin improvement year-over-year resulting from proactive management of our discretionary addressable spend cost categories, including a reduction in travel and related costs as well as reductions in certain costs of operating our offices given the continued remote work environment, as well as benefits from some of the repositioning actions taken back in the second quarter of 2020. Our reported EBITDA for the quarter was $590 million and EBITDA margin was 16.5%. Excluding the $50.5 million gain on the ICON disposition, EBITDA margin for Q2 2021 was 15.1%. EBITDA margin in Q2 of 2020 after adding back the $278 million repositioning charge was 12.9%. On Slide 3 of our investor presentation, we present the details of our operating expenses. We’ve also included a supplemental slide on Page 15 that shows the 2021 amounts presented in constant dollars to exclude the effects of year-on-year FX changes. As we’ve discussed previously, we have and will continue to actively manage our costs to ensure they are aligned with our current revenues. We also continue to evaluate ways to improve efficiency throughout the organization, focusing on real estate portfolio management, back office services, procurement, and IT services.  As for the details, our salary and service costs are variable and fluctuate with revenue. They increased by about $300 million versus Q2 of 2020, or $220 million on a constant dollar basis driven by the increase in our overall business activity. We would also note that the Q2 2020 salary and service cost amounts were reduced by reimbursements received from government programs of $49.2 million.  Third party service costs increased by $275 million or $242 million on a constant dollar basis. These costs include expenses incurred with third party vendors when we act as a principal when performing services for our clients.  Occupancy and other costs, which are not directly linked to changes in revenue, increased by $4 million. Excluding the impact of FX, these costs declined by $10 million in the quarter as we continued our efforts to reduce infrastructure costs and we benefited from a decrease in general office expenses as the majority of our staff continued to work remotely in Q2.  SG&A expenses increased by $21 million, or $18 million on a constant dollar basis, again related to the return to more normal activities in the quarter. Finally, depreciation and amortization declined by $3.6 million. Net interest expense in the second quarter of 2021 increased $26.3 million period over period to $73.5 million. Because of our solid working capital and cash flow performance during the pandemic period, in Q2 we determined we no longer needed the liquidity insurance we added in early April 2020 when we issued $600 million in debt and added a $400 million, 364-day revolving credit facility. In April 2021, the credit facility expired unused. In May, we issued $800 million of 2.6% senior notes due 2031. In June, proceeds from the issuance of the 2.6% notes plus cash on hand we used to redeem early all of our outstanding $1.25 billion 3.625% notes that were due in May of 2022.  Gross interest expense in the second quarter of 2021 increased $26.6 million, resulting from the loss we recognized on the early redemption of all the outstanding $1.2 billion of 3.625% 2022 senior notes. Additionally, the impact of this refinancing activity reduced our leverage ratio to 2.2 times at June 30, 2021, and is expected to result in lower interest expense on our debt in the second half of approximately $6 million as compared to the prior year. Interest income in the second quarter of 2021 was relatively flat.  Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 24.9%, down a bit from the effective tax rate we estimated for 2021 of between 26.5% to 27%, primarily due to nominal taxes recorded on the book gain on sale.  Earnings from our affiliates was marginally negative for the quarter while the allocation of earnings to minority shareholders of certain of our agencies increased to $23.4 million. As a result, reported net income for the second quarter was $348.2 million. While we restarted our share repurchase program during the second quarter, our diluted share count for the quarter increased slightly versus Q2 of last year to 217.1 million shares resulting from the year-over-year increase in our share price and the increase in common stock equivalents included in our diluted share count. As a result, our diluted EPS for the second quarter was $1.60 versus the loss of $0.11 per share we reported in Q2 of 2020. The gain on the sale of ICON and the loss on the early redemption of the 2022 senior notes resulted in a net increase of $31 million to net income, or $0.14 to EPS. As we previously discussed, the prior year period included the net impact of the repositioning charges which reduced last year’s second quarter net income EPS by $223.1 million and $1.03, respectively. On Slide 2 for your reference, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. Now returning to the details of the changes in our revenue performance on Slide 4, reported revenue for the second quarter was $3.57 billion, up $771 million or 27.5% from Q2 of 2020.  Turning to the FX impacts, on a year-over-year basis the impact of foreign exchange rates increase our reported U.S. dollar revenue by 5.4% or $150.8 million, which was above the 3.5% to 4% increase that we estimated entering the quarter. The strengthening of foreign currencies against the dollar was widespread and included most of our largest major foreign currencies. In the quarter, the largest FX increases were driven by the strengthening of the euro, the British pound, the Chinese yuan, and the Australian dollar. In the quarter, the U.S. dollar only strengthened against the Japanese yen and the Russian ruble. In light of the weakening of the U.S. dollar compared to 2020, assuming FX rates continue where they currently stand, our estimate is that FX could increase our reported revenues by approximately 1.5% for the third quarter and 1% for the fourth quarter, resulting in a full year projected increase of approximately 2.5%.  The impact of our acquisition and disposition activities over the past 12 months primarily reflecting the ICON disposition as well as the recent acquisitions of Archbow and Areteans during the second quarter of 2021 resulted in a net decrease in revenue of $62 million in the quarter, or 2.2%. Based on transactions that have been completed through June 30 of 2021, our estimate is the net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity for the balance of the year will decrease revenue by between 6% to 7% for the third and fourth quarters, resulting in a full year reduction of approximately 4%. While we will continue our process of evaluating our portfolio of businesses as part of our strategic planning, as John has said with regard to dispositions, we are substantially complete. Our organic growth of $682 million or 24.4% in the second quarter reflects strong performance across all of our major geographic markets and across all of our service disciplines. Turning to our mix of business by discipline on Page 5, for the second quarter the split was 56% for advertising and 44% for marketing services. As for the organic change by discipline, advertising was up nearly 30% primarily on the growth of our media businesses, reflecting a strong recovery of activity within the media space. Our global and national advertising agencies achieved strong growth this quarter, although the pace of growth by agency remained somewhat mixed. CRM precision marketing increased 25%. Through the strength of their service offerings, the agencies within this discipline have delivered solid revenue performance throughout the pandemic and they continue to perform well. CRM commerce and brand consulting was up 15.2%, but the performance within this discipline was mixed as our shopper marketing agencies cycled through the effects of recent client losses. While organic revenue for CRM experiential was up over 50%, it should be noted that events were virtually shut down as lockdowns took effect in March and April of 2020. While government restrictions on events have been eased recently in certain markets, these businesses still face challenges regarding when they will return to pre-pandemic levels. CRM execution and support was up 22.7%, reflecting a recovery in client spend compared to Q2 of 2020 in our field marketing and merchandising and point of sale businesses, while our non-for-profit businesses continue to lag. PR was up 15.1% coming off pandemic lows in 2020, and finally our healthcare discipline was up 4.5% organically. Healthcare was the only one of our service disciplines that have positive organic growth in Q2 2020. The performance of these agencies remains solid across the group. Now turning to the details of our regional mix of businesses on Page 6, you can see the quarterly split was 51.5% in the U.S., 3.3% for the rest of North America, 10.6% in the U.K., 18.6% for the rest of Europe, 12.5% for Asia Pacific, 2% for Latin America, and 1% for the Middle East and Africa.  In reviewing the details of our performance by region on Page 7, organic revenue in the second quarter in the U.S. was up nearly 20% or $316 million. Our advertising discipline was positive for the quarter. Our media agencies excelled in the quarter, as did our CRM precision marketing agencies and our PR agencies, and our commerce and brand consulting category rebounded to growth in the quarter while our healthcare agencies were flat versus last year when organic growth was 3.7% in the quarter. Our other CRM domestic disciplines, experiential and execution and support, also performed well organically versus Q2 of 2020. We expect it will take a bit longer for them to return to 2019 revenue levels as social distancing restrictions and pandemic concerns subside. Outside the U.S., our other North American agencies were up 37% driven by the strength of our media and precision marketing agencies in Canada. Our U.K. agencies were up 23.8% organically led by the performance of our CRM precision marketing, advertising and healthcare agencies. The rest of Europe was up 34.5% organically. In the euro zone, among our major markets France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands were up greater than 30% organically while Spain was up in the mid-single digits. Outside the euro zone, our organic growth was up around 35% during the quarter. Organic revenue performance in Asia Pacific for the quarter was up 27.9% with our performance from our agencies in Australia, Greater China, India and New Zealand leading the way. Latin America was up 20.8% organically in the quarter with our agencies in Mexico and Colombia growing more than 20%, and Brazil was up almost 17%. Lastly, the Middle East and Africa was up over 40% for the quarter. On Slide 8, we present our revenue by industry information on a year-to-date basis. We’ve seen improvement in performance across most industries with the overall mix of revenue by industry remaining relatively stable. The travel and entertainment sector was boosted in Q2 of 2021 by increased activity related to spend by clients in the entertainment category, which mitigated continued reduced spend levels from many of our travel and lodging clients.  Turning to our cash flow performance, on Slide 9 you can see that the first six months of the year we generated nearly $800 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital, up over $70 million versus the first half of last year.  As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 10, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $292 million, up about $10 million when compared to last year due to the $0.05 per share increase in the quarterly payment effective with the dividend payment we made in April. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $39 million.  Capital expenditures in the first half of 2021 were $23 million. Acquisitions, which include our recently completed transactions as well as earn-out payments, totaled $36 million, and stock repurchases were $95 million net of the proceeds from our stock plans, reflecting the resumption of our share repurchases during the second quarter of this year. As a result of our continuing efforts to prudently manage the use of our cash, we were able to generate $311 million of free cash flow during the first half of the year. Regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, as detailed on Slide 11, our total debt was $5.31 billion, down about $410 million since this time last year and down just over $500 million compared to year-end 2020. Both changes reflect the early retirement in Q2 of 2021 of $1.25 billion of 3.65% senior notes which were due in 2022, partially replaced with the issuance of $800 million of 2.6% 10-year notes due in 2031.  In addition to the net reduction in debt of $450 million from the refinancing, the only other meaningful change to the net balance for the LTM period was an increase of approximately $65 million resulting from the FX impact of converting our €1 billion euro-dominated borrowings into U.S. dollars at the balance sheet date. Our net debt position as of June 30 was $922 million, up about $710 million from last year-end but down $1.5 billion when compared to where we stood 12 months ago. The increase in net debt since year-end was a result of the typical uses of working capital that occur over the first half of the year, totaling just under $1.1 billion, which was partially offset by the $311 million we generated in free cash flow in the first half of the year.  Over the past 12 months, the improvement in net debt is primarily due to our positive free cash flow of $790 million, positive changes in operating capital of $525 million, and the impact of FX on our cash and debt balances which decreased our net debt position by $154 million. As for our debt ratios, as a result of our overall operating improvement versus Q2 of 2020 and our recent refinancing activity, we’ve reduced our total debt to EBITDA ratio to 2.2 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio to 0.4 times. As a result of our overall operating improvement versus Q2 of 2020 and our recent refinancing activity, we have reduced our total debt to EBITDA ratio to 2.2 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio to 0.4 times. Finally, moving to our historical returns on Page 12, the last 12 months our return on invested capital ratio was 25.9% while our return on equity was 46.8%, both significantly better than our returns from 12 months ago. That concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included several of the supplemental slides in our presentation materials for your review. At this point, we are going to ask the Operator to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions if I may. The first one, really, I guess on ICON and the disposition there. I think you mentioned it won’t have too much of an impact on the business going forward, but it sounds like it’s a pretty sizeable revenue contributor given the fact that it’s impacting dispositions going forward. So I’m wondering, it must be -- is it much more of a low-margin business, so maybe a positive for profitability longer-term now that you’re no longer involved in that business. And then maybe if you can comment on margins in general, how we should think about them longer-term. I think you mentioned this year more of a baseline looking like 2019, but given the efficiencies, that some of them might be permanent on the real estate side, should we think of maybe slightly higher margins longer-term?
John Wren: Sure. Let me first talk about ICON. ICON was very low-margin business, for sure, and it was a very large business. We purchased ICON in 2000, and it grew rather nicely for the first 10 years or 15 years. And then for the last several years, it’s actually -- it hasn’t declined, but it hasn’t grown. And when you take a large number with no growth, it mutes the growth of the rest of the organization. And the margins are such that we more than make it up for it in our pursuit of more profit and EBIT, and we’ve taken all that into consideration. It took quite a long time to take a decision, but we finally did. And the most important aspect because we can cover the profits, it was a low-margin business, is that we’re substantially complete with the exercise that we started three or four years ago of scrutinizing the portfolio and ridding ourselves of legacy companies that weren’t going to contribute to our long-term growth. So we’re very happy with the decision and that’s where that stands. I’ll do a quick thing on margins and then Phil can add to both of my comments. With respect to margins, we’ve said all along that we think 2019 is really the benchmark that we’re going to look at and then start to plan some growth from. Last year, you had the disruption of COVID in every single office around the company. You had the restructuring charges we had to take and you had government subsidies in certain instances, but they certainly didn’t cover the costs that we incurred. We will get efficiencies for certain out of the real estate actions that we took and the agile workforce and hybrid workforce that will be impacted as we come back to work. But against that what you have is you have some inflation in terms of wages and the resurgence of some of the addressable spend that when people weren’t permitted to get on airplanes and visit offices, they will be hopefully in the near-term. I know I’ve been able to travel, but principally because of my position I’ve been able to go wherever I want, but most people can’t do that.  So, Phil, you might want to add on both points.
Philip Angelastro: I would echo what John said. I think as far as margins, certainly going forward, we think 2019 is the right baseline. We do expect or did expect that the first half certainly of 2020 would be a little easier given the remote workforce impact on both the addressable spend that John just touched on and not having as many people back in the office reduces some of the operating cost associated with running those offices when people are back. Some of that is going to come back.  We’re going to welcome a bunch of cost back when we’re in growth mode, like we are now. The challenge is going to be continuing to be disciplined about controlling those costs. So, I think the goal was - is certainly do a bit better than 2019, but 2019 is really the baseline for the business going forward and then striving to do better than it.
John Wren: And my final comment on this is, obviously, there are challenges as you reopen, but there’s a renewed energy, which I think is going to contribute to both the top line and consistently to the bottom line.
Alexia Quadrani: And John, just to follow-up if I may, on the overall environment. I think we’ve been I think most people can characterize it, while uneven and volatile, it’s been a robust advertising recovery. Are you getting the sense you’ve got great such perspective with your relationship with advertisers? Are you getting the sense that there is some beginning of hesitancy on the recovery or the spend, given the delta variant, or not at all? It’s still - while uneven, it still seems to be pretty robust?
John Wren: I think the delta variant is because of the headlines, it’s somewhat an unknown, and we can’t predict illness. One of the things that gives me some comfort is that when you get past the headlines and you read the people that have been impacted, it’s people who haven’t been vaccinated, received only one shot of the two-shot protocol, and/or who already have an existing health problem of one form or another and had put themselves in a risky situation. We’re starting to bring back the vaccinated people that we have in earnest after Labor Day, and I think people are encouraged to go back to the office.  So yes, there’s hesitancy on the part of everyone because we don’t know -- we can’t predict the future, but we do know that we’ve lived through a hell of a past and we’ve done it successfully, so that gives us confidence.  And the other thing, which will be temporary, I think, is there’s going to be certain industries where we’re already seeing some concern about the adjustments that have had to be made to certain clients’ supply lines and certain components that they need and delay in receiving them, but we see that as a temporary issue, as do most of our clients, at least the ones that I’ve been speaking to. 
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Great, thanks. Even coming into COVID, before COVID, you guys were taking about returning to GDP type of growth levels, which typically was your norm up until a few years ago. I wonder if you could give us an update now, given the divestitures, given the state of the market - I know it’s very much in flux right now, but just where do you see your longer-term growth rate settling out once we move through these COVID impacts? On the acquisition side, maybe a tack-on question. You mentioned getting back on the acquisition trail. We’ve seen in the technology space some very high valuations. Just wondering if you could comment on pricing in the market, and also noting your leverage is quite low right now, if there might be any appetite to raise leverage to do more acquisitions. Thanks.
John Wren: There was a couple of questions there, right? The first one, I’m not changing my tune. 25 years later it’s GDP-plus, all right, and without the burden of a non-growth large entity, it makes it more achievable than it was the last time I said it. Doesn’t mean it’s going to happen next week, but we do know the quality of our businesses and the quality of our portfolio. We have the benefit of having always protected the creative product, which is our ISP, and whilst we have the technology and all the other systems, we can service a client, like in the case of Philips, as if we were one company, Omnicom, or if a client has individual needs, our brands are more than happy and excellent and excel at taking care of them, so that’s all going to benefit that.  In terms of acquisition pricing, you’re absolutely right - there is an insane amount of money chasing things that are out there. We’ve already looked for people who wanted to be partners on a longer term and we’ve always looked to do accretive acquisitions, and when we haven’t been able to find accretive acquisition, we’ve borne the expense of starting up companies and doing things ourselves.  I think as we--well, I know, I don’t think, as we go forward, there is one or two areas which I’m not going to speak about on the phone that I’m probably--I’d be willing to break even on if I had to pay the price to get the reputation to use as a basis from which then to grow organically, but none that at this point is going to result in the increase in our leverage, and our capital program, which I typically have in my script and I didn’t bother to mention this time, is exactly the same. It’s first to pay our dividends, second to do accretive acquisitions, and last but not least share buybacks.  Phil, do you want to--?
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I don’t think there’s much to add. I think certainly from a capital allocation strategy perspective, we don’t expect to change anything other than our goal is to spend more of our free cash flow on acquisitions in the areas that we think the opportunities for growth are the highest, and we’re going to be a little more active, as we’ve indicated the last few calls, in pursuing those potential deals. 
John Wren: Just having said that, kind of on a humorous note, prior to getting on the call this morning we saw the treasuries today were 1.16, and Phil and I were just ruminating - dammit, we don’t need any more money, because it’s so cheap. 
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes, good morning. Just a few questions.  Under the revenue by industry chart here, what areas would be the two areas, John, you’re the most optimistic about as you think out here over the next year?
John Wren: There’s a couple of area that I’m very optimistic about. I’m optimistic about our precision marketing group, very optimistic about our media operations and some of the changes we made there. I am optimistic that our experiential business, which has suffered dearly during COVID but has returned in places like China, will come back, and when it does, it will contribute to our growth significantly. And healthcare continues, and I think especially coming out of things like COVID and especially people who have issues being more exposed than otherwise healthy people, I think is a commitment that every person on the planet is going to be over--you know, is going to be really focused on, so I think we’re in some great places.  With all the confusion and noise and various media that you can reach out to, I cannot understate our creativity. I can’t understate how it’s in every component of our business and it’s always been since the foundation by two creative leaders of Omnicom 30 years ago. It’s not something that you can add to a technology-based company or add to an account service type of company. Creative is a philosophy, it’s not an individual, so I think I’m very bullish across the board about the things that we’re able to do.
Craig Huber: Then Phil, if I could ask on share buybacks, obviously your balance sheet is very strong here - 0.4 net debt ratio, so it’s good as it’s been in many, many years. When should we start to expect share buybacks will kick in, in a meaningful way so that we see the fully diluted share count number actually start going down? Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: I don’t think you should expect much difference in the second half of 2021 relative to what we’ve done in prior second halves, Q3, Q4. I don’t think we expect anything to dramatically change, but I think if things progress as we expect and the business continues to grow and we don’t have any setbacks from the outside that we can’t control in terms of these COVID variants, which we don’t expect currently, certainly 2022 I would expect that we’ll be back to more normalized levels from a buyback perspective.  Again, if we can do more, find more and close more acquisitions, we will adjust the share buyback number accordingly. 
John Wren: Yes, and this last part I can’t overstate for you enough - in the month of July, since I was the one who could travel internationally most freely, I completed two transactions myself, which haven’t yet closed but will close in the coming weeks and months, and our M&A groups are really beefed up and we’re looking at quite a number of--it’s almost back to the early 2000s in term of the number of companies we’re actually looking at.  Share buybacks will come back for certain, but I have some immediate needs within the next 90 days for Phil to fulfill.
Craig Huber: Great, thank you guys.
John Wren: Thank you. 
Philip Angelastro: I think we have time for one more call, Operator, given the market open. 
John Wren: As the legal guys look [indiscernible].
Operator: Of course. We have a question coming from the line of Julien Roch with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning John, good morning Phil. Coming back on a question on ICON, it looks like disposition of six, seven percentage points from Phil’s previous guidance, so ICON should have been $900 million of revenues in 2020, and if you assume being media it fell a bit more than the overall business in 2020, say 25%, it looks like it was about $1.2 billion in 2019. Are those in the right ballpark? Then John, when you said ICON was low margin, what do you mean - less than 5%, or even less than that?  Then last question is on media. What can you tell us about media performance in Q2? [Indiscernible] you didn’t want to give us a number [indiscernible] for international [indiscernible] for the group and [indiscernible] for the U.S., so any color on media, which you say was very good, would be appreciated. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. In terms of ICON, I think your ballpark for 2020 is certainly within the range in terms of size. I don’t have a ’19 number--
John Wren: [Indiscernible].
Philip Angelastro: Yes, ’19 is really kind of irrelevant at this point. As far as margins go, I think that’s probably somewhat in the same neighborhood as well. When it comes to media, we’ve been through this before. We don’t break out media because it’s integrated within all our businesses and all our disciplines, so we don’t intend to break out the specific numbers because that’s not how we look at it.
Julien Roch: Okay. I know we’ve done that before, but I’m stubborn. Okay, thank you very much. 
Philip Angelastro: Okay, thank you all for joining the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Chief Communications Officer, Joanne Trout. Please go ahead.
Joanne Trout: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. On the call with me today is John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Phil Angelastro, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release, along with a presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter. And then we will open the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Joanne. Good morning. I hope everyone on the call is staying safe and healthy. I'm pleased to update you on how we continue to respond to and overcome the challenges of the pandemic. I'll first discuss our financial results. Then we'll cover our performance with respect to our strategic priorities and operations and will end with our expectations for the remainder of 2021. For the first quarter, organic growth was negative 1.8%, which positions us for a very strong recovery for 2021. Going forward, we expect to see positive organic growth. Before I go into our results in more detail, as you have seen in our investor presentation slides, we have provided a further breakdown of our CRM discipline. The new disciplines we have disclosed are as follows. CRM Precision Marketing which includes our market consulting, digital and direct marketing agencies; CRM Commerce and Branding Consultancy includes our branding consultancies, shopper marketing and specialty production agencies. CRM Experiential includes our event agencies and CRM Execution and Support is unchanged for the most part from our prior reporting and includes primarily our field marketing, research agencies and our agency servicing the not-for-profit sector. We believe this additional level of disclosure will allow you to have a better understanding of our operations. Getting back to organic growth geography, in the United States, organic growth was down 1%, an improvement of over 8% from the fourth quarter. Advertising and Media and CRM Precision Marketing were positive in the US, while the rest of our disciplines continue to be negative, with CRM Experiential having the largest negative impact on our growth. Europe continued to face significant challenges due to the pandemic in Q1, although overall the markets continue to improve while the rollout of the vaccine in Europe like that of the United States in the UK, some countries like Germany and the Netherlands are starting to make progress. The UK was down 6.4%, about half of the decline in the fourth quarter. CRM Precision Marketing, CRM Commerce Branding consultancy and health were all positive in the UK, primarily offset by a significant reduction in CRM Execution & Support due to our field marketing operations. The Euro and the non-Euro markets were down 3.2% as compared to a negative 9.2% in Q4. Multiple countries at positive growth in the quarter and the majority continue to improve sequentially. Asia turned positive in Q1 with organic growth of 2.5%. Australia continued to perform well and we saw a significant return to growth in our events business in China which combined with improvements in the other operations in the market resulted in double-digit growth. Latin America experienced negative 2.4% growth in Q1 and meaningful sequential improvement compared to the fourth quarter. EBIT margin in the first quarter was 13.6% as compared to 12.3% in the first quarter of 2020. EBIT improved due to the repositioning and cost management actions we took in 2020. In 2021, our management teams are continuing to align costs with revenues and we're also seeing continued benefits from reductions in addressable spend. While we expect addressable spend will not return to pre-COVID levels, travel and certain other addressable costs will likely increase during the course of 2021 as conditions improve. Overall, our expectation is that operating margins for the full year of 2021 will exceed our 2020 operating margin, excluding repositioning costs incurred in Q2 of 2020. Net income for the quarter was $287.8 million an improvement of 11.5% from 2020 and EPS was $1.33 per share, a year-over-year increase of 11.8%. Turning to our liquidity, the refinancing steps we took earlier in 2020 combined with our enhanced working capital processes and the curtailment of our share repurchase program have positioned us extremely well. We generated $383 million in free cash flow in the quarter and ended with $4.9 billion in cash. Given the continuing improvements in our operations, strong liquidity and credit profile, our Board has approved the resumption of our share repurchases beginning in the second quarter. This follows our recent decision to increase our dividend by 7.7% to $0.70 per share. Both actions are a testament to the steady improvement in our results and our expectations for further improvement for the remainder of 2021. Our traditional uses of our free cash flow paying dividends, pursuing accretive acquisitions and using our remaining cash for share repurchases is now fully back in effect. Phil will cover our first quarter performance in more detail during his remarks. Turning now to our strategy and operations. In the midst of the pandemic, our key strategic objectives served us well. These strategies are centered around hiring and retaining the best talent, driving organic growth by evolving our service offerings, improving operational efficiencies and investing in areas of growth. As part of this process, we continue to make internal investments in our agencies across all practice areas during a very difficult year. We made good progress on enhancing our capabilities throughout our portfolio and we continue to pursue investments with a specific focus in Precision Marketing, mar-tech and digital transformation, Commerce, Media and Healthcare. We are also accelerating our pursuit of acquisitions in these areas and we've recently completed two transactions. Omnicom Health Group acquired US based Archbow Consulting. Archbow helps pharmaceutical and biotech companies design, build and optimize market access operations, product distribution and patient access helps. These capabilities will deepen Omnicom's health groups' consultative services to biotech and pharma companies across a broad spectrum from operations to marketing. Also in the quarter Credera, our mar-tech and digital transformation consulting business and part of Omnicom's Precision Marketing Group acquired RTM. RTM will extend Credera's depth in digital transformation, digital marketing and e-commerce. The company specializes in the design delivery and implementation of real-time interaction and digital customer relationship management for some of the world's largest brands. It expands our operations in Australia, India, New Zealand, Singapore and the UK. I want to work on both companies and their entire teams to Omnicom. Turning to Omni, our data and insights platform, as I've mentioned in our last call, looking beyond our media business, our practice areas are increasingly leveraging Omni to identify insights for their specific disciplines and clients. Last quarter, Omnicom Public Relations Group launched omniearnedID, a solution that allows clients to evaluate the outcomes of earned media with the same precision as paid media. More recently, our Health Group launched Omni Health which integrates key healthcare data sets within a privacy compliant ecosystem. Thanks to this momentum, the Omni platform has trained 20,000 users in more than 50 markets and it is become the foundation of our agency operating systems company wide. Since we launched Omni three years ago, we've continued to invest in it's credentials as the industry's leading marketing orchestration and insights platform. As compared to other solutions built on limited proprietary data sets, Omni's open source approach connects more data sources across more media and commerce platforms to deliver better outcomes to our clients. In Q2 we will be launching Omni 2.0, using next generation API connections to seamlessly orchestrate identity sources and platforms in one collaborative workspace and a greater speed. Better and faster orchestration of data leads to more actionable insights and superior decisioning for our clients across all our networks and practice areas. Just as important, Omni 2.0 continues to build on our commitment to consumer privacy and transparency. Our data neutral approach which results in the most diverse compilation of data sets continues to be rooted in a robust data privacy compliance methodology. This approach puts us in a strong position for a post cookie world, a few points on this arm. Through our pioneering work creating data clean rooms, we have direct connections to the first-party data of many of our clients, because we are open source and data neutral, Omni works seamlessly across all garden environments, as well as the broader ecosystem. At the same time we orchestrate data sets from about 100 privacy compliant sources to provide a comprehensive view of the consumer across devices. As the marketplace and technologies continue to rapidly advance, we are confident our talent platforms and the strategies built on a foundation of our creative culture give us a competitive advantage in effectively serving both new and existing clients. As testament to this success, we've had several key new business wins this past quarter including a multi-year agreement with Allianz, a leading financial services provider for creative development and production services. Through this master framework agreement, Omnicom will produce work for Allianz on a global and local level offering creative solutions to activate global brand strategy for more than 70 countries where Allianz operates. In addition after recently selecting OMD as its US media agency of record, Home Depot has named BBDO as its creative agency of record. Avocados from Mexico hired GSD&M as its agency of record. TBWA\Chiat\Day was named Agency of Record for three new clients, [indiscernible] and Schwan's Company. During this -- picked up the strategic and creative accounts for Vanguard advantage and OMD won the media business for Dr. Scholl's. In summary, we made significant strides in revolving our services capabilities and organization to better service our clients with data science and technology, while remaining grounded in our core strength of creativity. I'm proud to lead a company with an extraordinary group of people who continually deliver the best creative work in our industry from their unwavering dedication, creativity and innovation came a number of industry awards and recognition, here are just a few highlights. For the drums world creative rankings, Omnicom was the number one holding company for the fourth year in a row and BBDO won the network category. Goodby Silverstein & Partners was named Campaign US' 2020 Advertising Agency of the Year, Critical Mass was named Ad Age's 2021 best places to work with. BBDO TBWA and Goodby Silverstein & Partners were all named to fast companies prestigious list of Most Innovative Companies for 2021, making Omnicom the only holding company there are three agencies ranked in the top 10 in the advertising sector. And PHD was named EMEA's Media Network of the Year and UK Media Agency of the Year at campaigns UK Agency of the Year Awards. Our people have a wealth of knowledge, experiences and perspectives that lead us to this innovation and forward thinking work. The diversity of our group is something that needs to be celebrated, prioritized and improved upon and it's a strategic focus for us in the year ahead. With our launch of OPEN2.0 last year, we have made a clear action plan for achieving systemic equity across Omnicom. We have more than doubled the number of DE&I leaders throughout Omnicom and we are establishing specific KPIs for our networks and practice areas to deliver on and to be measured by. I look forward to sharing the progress we are making on DE&I on our future calls. As I discussed earlier, we're confident in both our organic growth expectations and EBIT performance for 2021. It has taken some time to turn the corner and we are now on a clear path to return to growth. At the same time, we know that we must continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation and to adapt to any unforeseen challenges that may arise. If 2020 taught us anything it's through expecting unexpected and we will move forward maintaining our wage zones. As we continue to enhance our operations, we are also evaluating what the future of work looks like at Omnicom. Our leadership on a local and office level are working on gathering feedback from employees and clients to help us decide what the new normal will be, one where we can service our clients efficiently, while also connecting with colleagues in the safest and most flexible way possible. The incredible talent within Omnicom has helped us maintain business continuity through the lows of 2020 and overcome its challenges. We would never be here without their dedication, so a sincere thank you to everyone as we are at the beginning of the end of the pandemic. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John and good morning. As John said, as we move through the first quarter of 2021, we continue to see an improvement in business conditions, particularly when compared to the peak of the pandemic during the second quarter of 2020. As we anticipated, we again saw sequential improvement in our organic revenue performance, a decrease of 1.8% in the first quarter of this year, which is a considerable improvement in comparison to the last three quarters of 2020. And now that we've cycled through a full year of operations since the start of the pandemic, we expect to return to positive organic growth in the second quarter and for the full-year. We continue to see operating margin improvement year-over-year resulting from the proactive management of our discretionary addressable spend cost categories and the benefits from our repositioning actions taken back in the second quarter of 2020. Turning to Slide 3 for a summary of our revenue performance for the first quarter; organic revenue performance was negative $60.6 million or 1.8% for the quarter. The decrease represented a sequential improvement versus the last three quarters of 2020, including the unprecedented decrease in organic revenue of 23% in Q2, 11.7% in Q3 and 9.6% in Q4. Regionally, although we continue to experience declines in the Americas, we continue to see improvement when compared to what we experienced over the previous three quarters. In Europe FX gains helped to offset negative organic growth and our Asia-Pacific region saw positive organic growth with a mixed performance by country. The impact of foreign exchange rates increased our revenue by 2.8% in the quarter, above the 250 basis point increase we estimated entering the quarter, as the dollar continued to weaken against some of our larger currencies compared to the prior year. The impact on revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by four-tenths of a percent in line with our previous projection. And as a result, our reported revenue in the first quarter increased six-tenths of a percent to $3.43 billion when compared to Q1 of 2020. I'll return to discuss the details of the changes in revenue in a few minutes. Returning to Slide 1, our reported operating profit for the quarter was $465 million, up 10.8% when compared to Q1 of 2020 and operating margin for the quarter improved 13.6% compared to 12.3% during Q1 of 2020. Our operating profit and the 130 basis point improvement in our margins this quarter was again positively impacted from our actions to reduce payroll and real estate cost during the second quarter of 2020, as well as continued savings from our discretionary addressable spend cost categories, including T&E, general office expenses, professional fees, personnel fees and other items, including cost savings resulting primarily from the remote working environment. Reported EBITDA for the quarter was $485 million and EBITDA margin was 14.2% also up 130 basis points when compared to Q1 of last year. On slide 2 of our investor presentation, we presented the details of our operating expenses. As we've discussed previously, we have and will continue to actively manage our costs to ensure they are aligned with our current revenues. In addition to the overarching structural changes we made during the second quarter, we continue to evaluate ways to improve efficiency throughout the organization, focusing on real estate portfolio management, back office services procurement and IT services. As for the details, our salary and service costs are variable and fluctuate with revenue. They increased by about $7 million in the quarter, but excluding the impact of exchange rates, these costs were down by about 2.6%. While it was a reduction in base compensation overall from the staffing actions we undertook during the second quarter of last year, it varies by agency and certain of our agencies have added people as business conditions improved in their markets. In addition, third-party service costs were effectively flat on a reported basis and down slightly on a constant currency basis. In comparison, these costs which are directly linked to changes in our revenue decreased nearly 40% in the second quarter of last year, 20% in the third quarter and 12.7% in the fourth quarter of 2020, consistent with the decline in our revenues across all of our businesses in those quarters. Occupancy and other costs which are less linked to changes in revenue declined by approximately $18 million, reflecting our continuing efforts to reduce our infrastructure costs, as well as the decrease in general office expenses since the majority of our staff has continued to work remotely. In addition, SG&A expenses declined by $15.2 million in the quarter and finally, depreciation and amortization declined by $3.7 million. Net interest expense for the quarter was $47.5 million, up $1.7 million compared to Q1 of last year and down $500,000 versus Q4 of 2020. When compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, our gross interest expense was down $1.5 million and interest income decreased by $1 million. When compared to the first quarter of 2020, interest expense was down $4.7 million, mainly resulting from $7.7 million charge we took in Q1 of 2020, in connection with the early retirement of $600 million of senior notes that were due to mature in Q3 of 2020. That was offset by the incremental increase in interest expense from the additional interest on the incremental $600 million of debt we issued at the onset of the pandemic in early April 2020. Net interest expense was also negatively impacted by a decrease in interest income of $6.4 million versus Q1 of 2020 due to lower interest rates on our cash balances. Based on our current debt portfolio structure and FX rates, we are anticipating net interest expense to be relatively flat in 2021 when compared to 2020. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 26.8% up a bit from the Q1 2020 tax rate of 26%, but in line with the range we estimate for 2021 of 26.5% to 27%. Earnings from our affiliates was marginally positive for the quarter, representing an improvement compared to last year. And the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in certain of our agencies was $18.2 million during the quarter, up about $4.6 million when compared to Q1 of last year, reflecting the improved performance this year in our less than fully-owned subsidiaries. As a result, our reported net income for the first quarter was $287.8 million up 11.5% or $29.7 million when compared to Q1 of 2020. Our diluted share count for the quarter decreased three-tenths of a percent versus Q1 of last year to 216.8 million shares. As a result, our diluted EPS for the first quarter was a $1.33, up $0.14 or 11.8% from the $1.19 per share when compared to our Q1 EPS for last year. Returning to the details of the changes in our revenue performance on slide 3, organic revenue performance improved again compared to the reductions in client spending we experienced during last three quarters. We continue to see our clients across a wide spectrum of industry sectors in geographic regions modify spending as they assess the continuing impact of the pandemic on their businesses. While helped by FX, our reported revenue for the first quarter was $3.43 billion or up $20 million or six-tenths of a percent from Q1 of 2020. Part of our continuing efforts to provide meaningful information to our investors, we expanded the presentation of our CRM disciplines to give additional detail regarding the performance of these agencies which are now grouped within four disciplines. CRM Precision Marketing which includes our precision marketing and digital direct marketing agencies, which were previously included in our CRM Consumer Experience discipline. CRM Commerce and Brand Consulting which is primarily comprised of the Omnicom Commerce Group and our Brand Consulting agencies both previously included in CRM Consumer Experience. CRM Experiential which includes our events and sports marketing businesses which was also included in CRM Consumer Experience and our CRM Execution and Support discipline which includes our field marketing, merchandising and point of sale, research and not-for-profit consulting agencies and remains largely unchanged. Turning to the FX impact, on a year-over-year basis, the impact of foreign exchange rates was mixed when translating our foreign revenues to US dollars. The net impact of changes in exchange rate increased reported revenue by 2.8% or $95.7 million in revenue for the quarter. While the dollar weakened against some of our largest major foreign currencies, we also saw some strengthening against the handful of others. In the quarter, the dollar weakened against the euro, the British pound, the Chinese yuan and the Australian dollar, while the dollar strengthened against the Brazilian real, the Russian ruble and the Turkish lira. In light of the recent strengthening of our basket of foreign currencies against the US dollar and where our currency rates currently are, our current estimate is that FX could increase our reported revenues by around 3.5% to 4% in the second quarter and moderate in the second half of 2021 resulting in a full year projection of approximately 2% positive. These estimates are subject to significant adjustment as we move forward in 2021. The impact of our acquisition and disposition activities over the past 12 months resulted in a decrease in revenue of $15.1 million in the quarter or four-tenths of 1% which is consistent with our estimate entering the year. Our projection of the net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity for the balance of the year including recently completed acquisitions and dispositions is currently similar to Q1. As previously mentioned, our organic revenue decreased $60.6 million or 1.8% in the first quarter when compared to the prior year. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and on our clients plan marketing spend appears to be moderating in certain major markets. As long as the COVID-19 pandemic remains a public health threat, global economic conditions will continue to be volatile. We expect global economic performance and the performance of our businesses to vary by geography and discipline until the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy moderates. We expect to return to positive organic growth in the second quarter and for the full year. Turning to our mix of business by discipline on page 4, for the first quarter the split was 59% for advertising and 41% for marketing services. As for the organic change by discipline, advertising was up 1.2%. Our media businesses achieved positive organic growth for the first time since Q1 of 2020 and our global and national advertising agencies again showed improvement this quarter when compared to the last three quarters, although performance remains mixed by agency. CRM Precision Marketing increased 7.2% on continued strong performance and the delivery of a superior service offering. CRM Commerce and Brand Consulting was down 4.2% mainly related to decreased activity in our shopper marketing businesses due to client losses in prior quarters. CRM Experiential continued to face significant obstacles due to the many restrictions from holding large events. In the quarter the discipline was down over 33%. CRM Execution and Support was down 13% as our field marketing non-for profit and research businesses continue to lag. PR was negative 3.5% in Q1 on mixed performance from our global PR agency. And finally, our Healthcare agencies again facing a very difficult comparison back to the performance of Q1 2020 when they experienced growth in excess of 9% were flat organically, but the businesses remained solid across the group. Now turning to the details of our regional mix of business on Page 5; you can see the quarterly split was 54.5% in the US, 3% for the rest of North America, 10.4% in UK, 17.1% for the rest of Europe, 11.7% for Asia Pacific, 1.8% for Latin America and 1.5% for the Middle East and Africa. In reviewing the details of our performance by region, organic revenue in the first quarter in the US was down $18 million or 1%. Our advertising discipline was positive for the quarter on the strength of our media businesses and our CRM Precision Marketing businesses, while our Healthcare agencies facing a very difficult comp from Q1 of 2020 were down 2.4%. Offsetting these performances was our events businesses which once again experienced our largest organic decline over 34% in the US, while our other disciplines were down single-digits organically. Outside the US, our North American agencies were down 3.2%. Our UK agencies were down 6.4% organically. Our CRM Precision Marketing, CRM Commerce and Brand Consulting and Healthcare agencies continue to have solid performance. They again were offset by reductions from our Advertising CRM experience [ph] among our major markets [ph] Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands were positive organically. Germany, Ireland and France were down single-digits, while Spain was down double-digit, outside the Eurozone 5% during the quarter and organic revenue performance in Asia-Pacific for the quarter was up 2.5%. Positive performance from our agencies in Australia, greater China and India were able to offset decreases in Japan, New Zealand, Singapore and Indonesia. Latin America was down 2.4% organically in the quarter. Our agencies in Mexico and Colombia were positive in the quarter, a double-digit decrease from our agencies in Brazil offset that performance. And lastly, the Middle East and Africa was down 10% for the quarter. On Slide 6, we present our revenue by industry information for Q1 of 2021. Again, we've seen general improvement in the performance across most industries when compared to the previous few quarters, but the overall mix of revenue by industry was relatively consistent to what we saw in prior quarters. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 7; you can see that in the first quarter, we generated $382 million of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital which is up about $20 million versus the first quarter of last year. As for our primary uses of cash on slide 8, dividends paid to our common shareholders were up $140 million, effectively unchanged when compared to last year. The $0.05 per share increase in the quarterly dividend that we announced in February will impact our cash payments from Q2 forward. Dividend paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $14 million. Capital expenditures in Q1 were $12 million down as expected when compared to last year. As we mentioned previously, we reduced our capital spending in the near term to only those projects that are essential or previously committed. Acquisitions including earn-out payments totaled $9 million and since we stopped stock repurchases, a positive $2.7 million in net proceeds represent cash received from stock issuances under our employee share plans. As a result of our continuing efforts to prudently manage the use of our cash, we were able to generate $210 million in free cash flow during the first three months of the year. Regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt is $5.76 billion, up about $650 million since this time last year, but down $50 million as of this past year end. When compared to March 31 of last year, the major components of the change were the issuance of $600 million of 10 year senior notes due in 2030 which were issued in early April at the outset of the pandemic. Along with the increase in debt of approximately $80 million resulting from the FX impact of converting our €1 billion denominated borrowings into dollars at the balance sheet date. While the change from December 31 was the result of just the FX impact of converting the euro notes. Our net debt position as of March 31st was $863 million, up about $650 million from last year-end, but down $1.5 billion when compared to Q1 of 2020. The increase in net debt since year-end was a result of the typical uses of working capital historically occurred in our first quarter, which totaled about $840 million and was partially offset by the $210 million we generated in free cash flow during the past three months. Over the past 12 months, the improvement of net debt is primarily due to our positive free cash flow of $860 million. Positive changes in operating capital of $537 million and the impact of FX on our cash and debt balances which decreased our net debt position by about $190 million. As for our debt ratios, our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 3.1 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.5 times. And finally, moving to our historical returns on slide 10, for the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 19.9%, while our return on equity is 34.5%, both reflecting the decline in operating results driven by the economic effects from the pandemic, as well as the impact of the repositioning charges we took back in the second quarter of 2020. And that concludes our prepared remarks, please note that we've included several other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. So my first question really is on I guess the progression or the recovery. I mean if you can elaborate a little bit on sort of how you saw it in Q1, I'm not asking for like month-to-month, but just sort of any trends you saw. And if you saw a faster pace of improvement maybe than you expected anything surprised you? And then given I guess given what you know year-to-date, I'm curious if any more color about Q2, I know you said that there should be growth in the second quarter, but given the super easy comps I guess should we see outsized growth sort of at least mid-teens not higher in Q2. So any color you can provide would be very helpful? Thank you.
John Wren: Phil, your two first.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. As far as the months, Alexia, I'm not sure, yes, we focus on them and treat the trends that we might see as meaningful especially given COVID. But I think given the comps in Q1 going into the quarter, we expected the first quarter to be a challenge, but things broadly speaking, things have been improving throughout the end of the second half of 2020 and into 2021 pretty consistently. So we've seen those trends improve, we've seen it in our results as we gone through the year and as we've gone through the quarter, which is why we're optimistic about the rest of 2021. As far as Q2 growth, you know from the data we have today and we'll be getting an update again over the next two weeks in our meetings with our operating companies, but we're certainly optimistic that our growth expectations are not going to be what we would consider a normal or typical quarterly growth pattern given the comps of Q2 of 2020. We certainly expect to do better than we normally would and there's a lot of positive trends. There are some things that are happening or could happen that are out of our control in terms of some of the larger markets in Europe and some of the challenges they've been having with COVID, but as the vaccine continues to roll out in the US and globally, our growth expectation certainly for Q2 are pretty robust.
Alexia Quadrani: And then, just a follow-up if I may. Thank you for giving us further detail on CRM, that's very helpful in the release and then in the commentary. I'm just curious, though given the outsized decline in Experiential even before the pandemic it looks like it was underperforming. I'm curious what your thinking is about that business long-term?
John Wren: The business that we have Alexia, really like it long-term just to truth. Domestically, our clients who generally -- big events, Olympic type of events and very well established events that aren't going to decline once people can actually return to attending activities. And there is also and we're still looking at domestic market, the things that we do with respect to recruiting people for the US government, which will keep us on the road for quite a while. I mean so positive in the US once movement and schools reopen and people are increasing number of people are allowed back into longstanding events. And with respect to our international business, that's very exciting. I mean, the biggest aspects of that business when it returns is China which is already started, established clients, big car companies, very well established very well financed markets in the Middle East and just the biggest markets in Western Europe. So it's a business that we've held on to and we've kept all the critical people and in some instances our individuals have expertise in certain categories that their clients have continued to pay us at least something with the promise that we keep them on board and don't lose them because the clients feel that they have great knowledge of their products and what their strategies are so. I mean it's not a huge business, it's big enough to hurt you in downtimes and makes a contribution both from a profit EBIT point of view, as well as our revenue point of view when things open up. And since we are positive about it and probably more positive than other people and some of their competitors, there might even be an additional boost when things do open up because a lot of people have been had the staying power to continue those businesses during this period of time.
Phil Angelastro: The only thing I would Alexia is that there as we've gone through the pandemic, I think we found out that or the numbers have demonstrated internally that is quite a bit especially in the domestic business. Strategic work that our businesses are doing for their clients not just purely big event driven, so there is a base of business that clients find strategic value and engaging with our businesses that has been leads us to kind of conclude that, yes, there is a little more downside in the type of environment we've just been in, but there should be even more upside as we get back to a more normal environment in the future.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning, John. Good morning, Phil. Thanks very much for the better disclosure and the recasting of CRM from Q4 to continuing the steam of improved disclosure Publicis not gives me the organic for the US 60% of the revenue was up mid-single digit in Q1. So if you could give me the media organic for the Group and then which gives me the organic for international. So, could we get other media organic for Q1 or indication of what media did in Q1 and approximately how much is media in total revenue, my first question. The second one is John said in his opening remarks that margin will be up year-on-year ex last year repositioning costs. So can we have more color, I mean is it up 10 basis, 20 basis points, 30 basis point. And then last one is, I know the welcome news resumption of buyback, can we have an idea of the kind of size you're going to do for the next quarters. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: So I'll start Julien, but could you just repeat the margin question for clarity?
Julien Roch: Yes, so John said margin will be up, so can we have some more color, I mean when does up mean, does it mean 10 basis points, 20 basis points?
Phil Angelastro: Okay. So just to start on the media point, yes, we don't break out specifically and frankly when you go through the practice areas and the disciplines that we report, the vast majority of those disciplines actually have media in their numbers. So we don't carve it out and look at it that way. Essentially businesses like PR and healthcare and precision marketing, there are media components to those businesses, they are integrated into those businesses, several markets throughout the world advertising and media are integrated and it isn't as simple is just pulling out a median number. Certainly, we did indicate that media grew in the first quarter not, I would say not robustly relative to the first quarter of last year, but we're comfortable with the disclosures we make as far as adding the disciplines and providing what we think is very useful and helpful information similar to how we look at the business from a management perspective. As far as margins go, I think what we said, we still hold to which is we look at 2019 as the best proxy of what ongoing margin expectation should be for our business. You know, I think we look at the first part of coming out of the pandemic when it's likely the travel and related and some of the other controllable cost can continue to be reduced relative to the past as likely benefiting our margins in the near-term. But in terms of looking at the business prospectively, you know, '19 is probably the best proxy and I can tell you what we've always said which is we always are looking for efficiencies and trying to expand our operating margins, but we're mostly focused on our operating EBIT dollars and the margins kind of fall into place. We're going to continue to invest where we believe the best organic growth opportunities are and we're going to continue to drive operating profits and our margin performance. We think will be a positive result if we continue that approach. Last question on the buyback front, I don't think we have today sitting here a margin, sorry a buyback dollar amount in mind. Yes, I think with very consistent approach to capital allocation, we'll continue to pay healthy dividend, we've been pursuing acquisition opportunities in the areas where we think there is most promise in our disciplines that we're in today as we said before. And the amount of money we spend on buybacks is going to be the residual if we can find more acquisitions, we're going to put more of our free cash flow in any one year into those acquisitions that we less for buybacks as a result and certainly that approach in that strategy we're planning on consistently following that as we emerge from the pandemic and get back into growth mode.
Julien Roch: Thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. One for John, one for Phil. John, I know we're still early in our recovery, but I guess want to take you to wherever the new normal looks like and I wonder what's your view of organic growth for your company when we get out of this, right, all the structural changes we've seen in digital and consumer behavior. What -- so what's your view, will Omnicom grow faster because of that when we get back to whatever that you said it looks like that's one. And so can you talk a bit about the impact of the pandemic on the field marketing business, right, it's down a time. And maybe you could share about may be cadence when that returns back to normal that's hurting the institutions core business that would be helpful too. So, thanks.
John Wren: Sure. I know absolute proof points of this, but I've been in the business, as you know forever and I'm really confident that because of changes, minor strategic which shifts in our portfolio, doubling down and focused on the area of growth that emerging from COVID, we will see when we compare to the past couple of years continued growth at a faster pace for certain, and as we've always said, on and for a number of years as far as difficult to achieve. Our objective is GDP plus and I really think that that is what's in our future over there and very bullish as we emerge from COVID on the positions, the strategies we put in place, some of the other actions that we've taken. And so there's a lot of confidence. Now remind you against that when we get into that accelerated growth going out 18 months, 24 months and probably expect wage pressures to go up for sure in key positions and things that we want to focus on. So, that being terribly specific, I'm very -- I feel very, very confident about the near term and the near longer term us getting back to better growth rates.
Phil Angelastro: On the field marketing front, I think the business, our business is largely pan-European. We've done some dispositions over the years throughout the Group and really streamlining quite a bit. We expect the field marketing business to be back in growth mode as well just like the rest of our business, I'd say for looking at the 9 months beginning April 1st, we expect field marketing grow for the rest of 2021. It might be a bit choppy in the three quarters, I'm not quite sure I commit to every quarter being kind of sequential growth, but the field marketing business given its pan-European then had some setbacks recently in some of their key markets because of -- some of the shutdowns that happened recently in Europe. But we do expect them to get back into growth mode and you know I think that we are confident that the business itself will perform once some of the external factors kind of remove that have held it back throughout the pandemic. We also have part of the business in India that seems to be holding up pretty well right now.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks, guys.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Phil, maybe first I wanted to just touch on that M&A commentary that you made, it sounds like you're -- you said you wanted to be a bit more aggressive in certain areas. I think that commentary it might just maybe sound a little stronger than the way you've discussed it in the past. So I'm just curious if there is more sizable acquisition opportunities out there the last few years, it's really exceeded a few 100 million in a single year. So, just curious if you're seeing something that might be a little bit more strategic and the tuck-ins that you've done more historically?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think your view of that is correct. We've certainly got more of an emphasis and more of a focus that we've been placing on not just dealing with inbound M&A candidates, but also seeking appropriate opportunities in the areas that we want to invest in. And we've been I think clear on our last call in particular where we're focused certainly, broadly speaking the precision marketing space, e-commerce, media and healthcare and in John's prepared remarks, he commented on that specifically. So yes, we do currently plan to be a little more aggressive in terms of looking for the right opportunities. We won't lose our discipline in terms of pricing expectations, but we will be more aggressive in terms of pursuing those opportunities. I don't think there is going to be a dramatic change though while we'll look at big deals, the deals we can successfully integrate with our existing platforms are the ones that we found were best. We're going to consider any and all deals in the areas that we're committed to and want to invest in, but we are going to do, we are going to pursue acquisition opportunities in a variety of sizes and to the extent that we can do more rather than less that's certainly our intention.
John Wren: Yes. The only thing I might add is I'm happy today with our M&A team and the efforts that they're going through then certainly then any of the time in the last decade. And just to echo what Phil said having that positive outlook, we'll look to do only accretive acquisitions and there is a lot of silly money that sometimes we're competing against. So we're not planning to get silly and try to explain to you as strategic.
Steven Cahall: That's great. [Indiscernible].
Phil Angelastro: Go ahead, sorry.
Steven Cahall: I'm sorry, I just had a quick follow-up on the media side, maybe not so giving specific color on it, but I'm just curious if that's been a leading indicator of growth to come, so maybe be growing a little faster than the Group. And I think we've seen a couple of media, big media accounts come up for review this year. I'm just wondering if I sort of back on the cycle where you think there's going to be a lot of media business progress this year. Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. Media will grow faster this year based upon the forecast we've seen to date. The mix may change, it won't change, our mix dramatically because we're so big, but digital has really taken over and we've crossed the threshold that's never really going to change from kind of one or two things on that. And what was the second part of your question, I'm sorry?
Phil Angelastro: I think we're comfortable with the media business and the media assets we have. We certainly, we certainly think that we're close to being past a very difficult year, continue to grow as we head into growth mode here starting in the second quarter and we're comfortable with the assets we have. I don't think we would expect to see in 2021 as media appaloosa [ph] 3, but we have seen quite a bit of activity and interest from across a bunch of different industries. Frankly because during the pandemic, it was difficult for them to make a change in their service providers and internally throughout their organization but I think as things normalize and they come out of it, we do expect activity in terms of new business opportunities to pick up.
John Wren: Yes. One final point on this that I want to add which is really a fundamental point is when we look at our Omni product as you hear us talking about three years ago, it started primarily in the media area and we've been very successful and I think in some ways COVID has helped us in moving its use and as their fundamental base operating philosophy across our practice areas, which really allows the benefits that it brings to work very closely with our creative assets in a way that in the past was up more forced outcome, it's now becoming more of a natural outcome across the practice areas that we're functioning in. And I think that it makes us more competitive going forward.
Steven Cahall: Great, thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: Operator, I think -- thank you. I think we have time for one more question operator.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Sure, for fitting me in here. I just wanted to ask a question, could you just explain a little bit more about what that business entails. I know you mentioned the shopper marketing component was led to that business being down 4%, but what are the other things you do there and what might the growth be in that division if you were to take shopper marketing out? Thanks.
Phil Angelastro: So, on -- in CRM Commerce and Consulting, our Brand Consulting businesses are in there and we've got some specialty production assets which are relatively small in that group. You know, I think we've seen growth in the quarter in the specialty production assets, the Brand Consulting business we expect once we're through Q1 to get back into growth mode and we expect the shopper commerce businesses to get back to growth mode, but the challenges they need to need to overcome relate more to I think some of the client losses they've had recently that they need to cycle through. So we're comfortable with the assets that we have, we're going to continue one of the areas we're focused on as far as potential acquisition opportunities as e-commerce to build on that business, but we think the commerce and consulting discipline, the components of it are businesses that we have high expectations for in terms of that future growth profiles.
John Wren: I think we're running out of time.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you all for taking the time to join us on the call today.
John Wren: Thanks, everybody. Stay safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to introduce your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release along with the presentation covering the information we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before I start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are now going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then, we will open the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I'm pleased to speak to you this morning about our fourth quarter results. I'll first discuss our financial results, then we'll cover our performance with respect to our strategic priorities and operations, and we'll end with our expectations for 2021. We finished 2020 with organic growth continuing to improve sequentially. For the fourth quarter, organic growth was a negative 9.6% as compared to a negative 11.7% in the third quarter. The fourth quarter organic growth decline of $398 million included a decrease in third-party service costs of approximately $150 million. The U.S. decline was 9.4%, an improvement of about 200 basis points from third quarter. In the U.S. PR helped by election year spend and healthcare performed better than average, while CRM consumer experience underperformed as continuing headwinds in events and shopper marketing offset relatively better performance in precision marketing. Third-party service costs represented more than half of the total decline in organic growth in the United States. Europe continued to face significant challenges due to COVID in the fourth quarter. The UK was down 12.4% and the euro and non-euro markets were down 9.2% similar to the level of performance that we experienced in the third quarter. Asia had an organic growth of negative 3.9%, down from negative 12.8% in Q3. Australia and New Zealand saw a mid single-digit growth in the quarter as those countries have managed the pandemic relatively well. Japan also saw a strong improvement sequentially, although was negative overall. We're also pleased to see positive growth in our events operations in China during the quarter. Latin America experienced negative 9.2% growth in Q4, a significant improvement due primarily to better performance in Brazil, our largest market in the region. As we have experienced since early in the year, the hardest hit client sectors in the quarter were travel and entertainment and oil and gas, while food and beverage, pharma and healthcare and technology performed relatively better. On a positive note, EBIT margin in the fourth quarter was 16.4% as compared to 15.6% in the fourth quarter of 2019. The performance can be attributed to a number of factors including savings resulting from our repositioning actions taken in the second quarter and our agency's ongoing management of costs in line with revenue, significant reductions in addressable spend and reimbursements and tax credits under government programs in several countries. These improvements were offset by asset impairment charges for certain underperforming businesses, which we plan to dispose of in 2021. Phil will cover this in more detail during his remarks. Net income for the quarter was approximately $398 million, a decline of 4.1% from 2019 and EPS for the quarter was $1.84 per share, a year-over-year decline of 2.6%. Finally, for the full year, organic growth was negative 11.1% or $1.7 billion, included in this is a decline of approximately $750 million in third-party service costs. Turning to our liquidity, the refinancing steps we took early in 2020 combined with our enhanced working capital processes and the curtailment of our share repurchase program have positioned us extremely well. For the year we generated $1.7 billion in free cash flow and ended the year with $5.6 billion in cash. Our primary use of cash in 2020 was the payment of dividends of $563 million. Given the continuing improvements in our operations, strong liquidity position and credit profile, yesterday, our board of directors approved an increase in our quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share, or 7.7%. At this point, I'm optimistic about the company's return to growth. And as our performance improves during the course of 2021, we expect to resume our traditional uses of cash, paying dividends, pursuing accretive acquisitions and resuming share repurchases. Turning now to our strategy and operations. In the midst of the pandemic, our key strategic objectives served us well. These strategies are centered around hiring and retaining the best talent, driving organic growth by evolving and expanding our service offerings, investing in areas of growth with a particular focus on CRM and precision marketing, performance media, commerce, data analytics, digital transformation consulting and health, and remaining vigilant on managing our costs and improving operational efficiencies in areas such as real estate, back office accounting, purchasing and IT. While remaining very disciplined with respect to our cost structure, it's important to emphasize that we continue to invest in our businesses during a very difficult year in order to service our clients' needs. We are all aware that as a result of the pandemic, the velocity of digital transformation picked up this year. When the world went into lockdowns, consumers increasingly took to online services to interact with brands and businesses. As we emerge on the other side of this pandemic, it's clear this trend is here to stay. As a result, we now have the greater opportunity to help our clients accelerate their digital transformation initiatives and connect them more directly with their customers. As an example, we are seeing significant growth in our mar-tech and IT consulting business. Credera, a firm we acquired in 2018, since joining Omnicom they've expanded beyond their Dallas routes to the UK, Chicago, New York, and more recently to Los Angeles. This is just one highlight of many of the investments we've made to support our clients' needs as they look to accelerate growth by adopting new tools and capabilities that get them closer to their consumers. Omnicom's long-term strategy has always been to develop our people and embed digital and new skill sets across our portfolio whether it's PR, creative, shopper marketing, media, events or any of our disciplines, so that we can quickly and continually adapt to changing technologies and media. The pandemic has compressed years of digital adoption into a few months and people are racing to keep up. So it is important to continue to train our people in our remote working environment. For this reason all of our agencies expanded their training programs as a priority in 2020. For example, during the year BBDO became the first global network to achieve blueprint certification from Facebook and partner with Google to develop virtual training sessions on using insights and analytics throughout the creative planning process. So far over 3,000 people across 80 offices have completed this training. In a similar effort, Omnicom Health Group provided over 300 all virtual offerings, 96% of Omnicom healthcare's employees engaged in these training programs as did many of our clients resulting in 11,000 combined hours of courses taken in 2020. The increase in virtual training sessions and employee participation reinforces our view that remote learning will have a permanent place in our future learning and development efforts. By evolving our challenge strategy and developing the digital offerings needed right now, we secured a number of recent new business wins, including OMD's win of Home Depot's media business, The Marketing Arm won all brand and product advertising for State Farm, as well as personnel cards, U.S. brand promotion and shopper advertising. Santa Fe awarded its global media account to Omnicom Media Group. TBWA\WorldHealth won one of the largest vaccine brands Prevenar from Pfizer and our agency won mandates on several COVID 19 campaigns, including TBWA\CHIAT\DAY win of Moderna's first-ever consumer ad campaign. Gilliard assigned the launch of remdesivir to Harrison & Star and Marina Maher continued its work with J&J's road to a vaccine project. This year, our practice areas and GCLs have increasingly utilized Omni's flexible and open architecture to develop more relevant insights for their specific disciplines and clients. Omni integrates clients' first-party data with privacy compliant data sets to map consumer journeys. It allows our agencies to optimize audiences, guide creative content development, target messages, and plan media without compromising consumer safety and data privacy. A recent example of this was the launch of omniearnedID by Omnicom's Public Relations Group. omniearnedID allows our clients to evaluate the outcomes of earned media with the same position as paid media. The first of its kind patent-pending solution was built on the power of the Omni platform. It connects Omni to the PR discipline through earned media lenses and a curated list of privacy compliant data partners. These solutions are a result of the investments we've made in Omni for more than a decade. I'm very pleased that the platform is now deployed across most of our top clients and has used in more than 60 markets around the world to serve local, regional and global accounts. Our focus on the innovation and development of Omni also provides us a clear path to operate in an environment where digital media now dominates and where more stringent consumer privacy requirements such as the phasing out of third-party cookies will take effect. It's worth noting that we've been anticipating privacy developments from the start. That's why Omni is an open source platform created on the basis of data neutrality using an unbiased and ethically focused procurement process to create the most diverse compilation of data sets. It is also why we have a comprehensive privacy compliance and data risk management process for regulatory compliance and to anticipate dataset suitability for evolving technical standards. While data and analytics remain a top investment and priority for us, we understand that data can only take us so far. It is the creativity and the innovation skills of our people supported by data and analytics that truly set us apart and drive the best results for our clients. It's for this reason that we remain steadfast in investing in our leading brands and businesses and have strategically organized ourselves across practice areas and clients to maximize collaboration and expertise. In doing so, we can align our talent and tools in an optimal manner to deliver comprehensive solutions addressing the marketing and business needs of our clients. While our organization allows our companies and their clients to easily connect and access deep specialist expertise from across the group, our success also requires that people have diverse backgrounds and experiences. With the recent social justice issues and the disproportionate impact of the pandemic on diverse populations, this has become even more of a priority for us. We took the time to evaluate our efforts thus far recognizing our shortcomings and committed to progress ahead. Open 2.0, our strategy for achieving systemic equity across Omnicom put us on a clear path forward, one that is defined not just by goals, but by actions. One of the first actions within Open 2.0 calls for us to expand and empower those who are responsible for leading the plan's implementation. This is an important step because we recognize that our plan will only be successful if we have a strong base of DE&I specialists executing it throughout our agencies. Since last summer, we've more than doubled the number of DE&I leaders throughout Omnicom. In fact, all of our networks and practice areas now have a dedicated DE&I leader reporting to their CEO. At Omnicom Corporate, we hired Chief Equity and Impact Officer, Emily Graham, to lead and guide our group of dedicated leaders. This new team is an important first step. Additional progress will be made in 2021 and more action items will be executed, measured, and considered in our compensation decisions. In the year ahead, our focus remains the same, protecting the safety and wellbeing of our people, continuing to effectively serve the business needs of our clients and preserving the strength of our businesses. Although we see hope as the vaccine rolls out, we know there are still significant challenges that will impact 2021. In evaluating 2021, the first quarter has difficult comps. COVID lockdowns did not meaningfully impact our operations until mid March 2020. Looking beyond the first quarter, our current expectations for the balance of the year is that we will achieve positive organic growth. While we hope the end is insight, the virus has surprised us, so we must remain vigilant and adaptable in planning and managing our operations. And that is exactly what we're doing. Our agency leaders have done an excellent job of managing our cost base to be aligned with revenues and that the work continues into 2021. At the same time, we remain laser focused on driving our strategic priorities to expand our clients' services and win new business. Before I turn it over to Phil for a deeper dive into our results, I want to take a moment to thank all of our people. 2020 challenge everybody, both personally and professionally and our performance in 2020 is directly tied to your perseverance. Everyone in our company can relate when I say the pandemic was and is all consuming. We dealt with the effects at home with our families and friends, and then at work. We yet, again, had to deal with its affects on our businesses and our clients. So I want to sincerely thank everybody for their hard work, because I know it was more than difficult. I and all the leaders across the group appreciate what you did and are continuing to do to help us get through this. I'll now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John, and good morning. As John said, during the fourth quarter, we continued to see a moderation and the decline in business conditions when compared to the peak of the pandemic in Q2 of 2020. As a result, we saw less of a decline in our organic revenue performance when compared to the previous two quarters. Our operating margins improved compared to Q4 of 2019 benefiting primarily from the active management of our discretionary addressable spend costs, the repositioning actions taken in Q2 of this year and the alignment of our cost structure with the current realities of the economic environment. Turning to Slide 4 for a summary of our revenue performance for the quarter, organic revenue performance was negative $398 million or 9.6% for the quarter. The decrease again represented a sequential improvement from the unprecedented decrease in organic revenue of 23% in the second quarter and 11.7% in the third quarter. And while we continue to experience declines across all regions and disciplines, most showed sequential improvement when compared to what we experienced over the previous two quarters. The impact of foreign exchange rates increased our revenue by 0.8% in the quarter, slightly above the 50 basis point increase we anticipated entering the quarter as the dollar weakened against some of our larger currencies compared to the prior year. And the impact on revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions decreased revenue by 0.5% of a percent in line with our previous projection. As a result our reported revenue in the fourth quarter decreased 9.3% to $3.76 billion when compared to Q4 of 2019. I'll return to discuss the details of the changes in revenue in a few minutes. Turning back to Slide 1, our reported operating profit for the quarter was $615 million, down approximately 5% when compared to Q4 of last year. Operating margin for the quarter increased 80 basis points to 16.4% compared to 15.6% in Q4 of last year. Our operating profit and the 80 basis point improvement in our margins this quarter was again positively impacted from our actions to reduce payroll and real estate costs in the second quarter. As well as the larger than expected cost savings from our discretionary addressable spend cost, including G&E, general office expenses, professional fees, personnel fees, and other items including cost savings resulting from the remote working environment. Operating profit for the quarter also included a $44.7 million reduction in salary and related costs resulting from reimbursements and tax credits under government programs in several countries, including the U.S., Canada, the UK, Germany, and France, as well as other markets. These benefits were offset by an asset impairment charge of $55.8 million related to certain underperforming assets. Our reported EBITA for the quarter was $635 million, and EBITA margin was 16.9% also up 80 basis points when compared to Q4 of last year. On Slide 3 of our investor presentation, we presented the details of our operating expenses. As we've discussed previously, we have and will continue to actively manage our costs to ensure they are aligned with our revenues. In addition to the overarching structural changes we made during the second quarter, we continue to evaluate ways to improve efficiency throughout the organization. Focusing on a real estate portfolio management back office services, procurement, and IT services. As for the details, our salary and service costs are variable and fluctuate with revenue. Salary and related costs declined by $162 million in the quarter, reflecting the net impact of staffing actions we undertook in the second quarter, as well as the impact of the benefits from government reimbursements and tax credit programs, which were offset by the impairment charge. Third-party service costs, which are directly linked to changes in our revenue, include expenses incurred with third-party vendors when we act as a principal when performing our services for our clients. These costs decreased by $152 million in the quarter or 12.7%. In comparison, the year-over-year decrease in third party service cost was nearly 40% and 20% in the second quarter and third quarter respectively. Occupancy and other costs, which are less linked to changes in revenue declined by approximately $41 million. Again, reflecting the ongoing efforts to reduce our infrastructure costs as well as reductions in general office expenses related to the majority of our staff continuing to work remotely during the pandemic. Net interest expense for the quarter was $48 million, up $9.4 million compared to Q4 of last year and down $500,000 versus Q3 of 2020. When compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, our gross interest expense was up $3.3 million, primarily resulting from additional interest on the incremental $600 million of debt we issued in early April at the onset of the pandemic partially offset by the reduction in interest expense from having no commercial paper borrowings in Q4 when compared to 2019. Net interest expense was also negatively impacted by a decrease in interest income of $6.1 million versus Q4 of 2019 due to lower interest rates on our cash balances. When compared to the third quarter of 2020 interest expense increased by $900,000, while interest income increased by $1.4 million on hard cash on hand, when compared to the previous quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.1%, which was slightly lower than Q4 of 2019, primarily due to the lower effective tax rate on our foreign earnings resulting from a change in legislation. For the full year our effective tax rate was 27.1%, an increase from 26% for the 2019 full year rate. Effective rate for 2020 reflects an increase from the non-deductibility in certain jurisdictions of a portion of the repositioning cost reported in Q2, which was offset by the lower effective rate on our foreign earnings as described previously. In addition, our effective tax rate in 2019 reflected a benefit of $10.8 million primarily related to the net favorable settlement of uncertain tax positions in certain jurisdictions. Excluding the impact of these items from each period, the effective rate for 2020 would approximate the 2019 rate. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for 2021 will remain between approximate 26.5% to 27%, excluding the impact of share-based compensation items, which we cannot predict because they are subject to changes in our share price. Earnings from our affiliates totaled $3.3 million for the quarter, up versus Q4 of last year. And the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in certain of our agencies was $30.4 million during the quarter, down when compared to last year. As a result, our reported net income for the fourth quarter was $398.1 million, down 4.1% or $16.9 million when compared to Q4 of 2019. Our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 1.5% versus Q4 of last year to $216.1 million shares resulting from sharer purchases prior to the suspension of our program in mid-March. As a result our diluted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.84 versus $1.89 per share when compared to our Q4 EPS for last year. On Slide 2, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. Primarily due to the negative effects on our revenue rising from the pandemic, worldwide revenue for the 12 months ended December 31, 2020 decreased 11.9% to $13.2 billion. Negative organic growth decreased revenue 11.1% for the year, while FX reduced revenue 0.4% and acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by 0.4%, as well. As a reminder in response to the pandemic during the second quarter, we took repositioning actions, including severance actions to reduce employee headcount, real estate lease impairments, terminations and related fixed asset charges that will allow us additional flexibility to match our anticipated changes in the need for space based on our headcount, as well as the disposition of several small agencies. These repositioning charges total $278 million, which reduced our year-to-date net income by $223 million. The full year results also included the impact of an asset impartment charge of $56 million we recorded in the fourth quarter. Lastly, our full year results include the benefit of reductions in salary and related costs of $163 million related to reimbursements and tax credits under various government programs. Additional details regarding the impact of these items on our operating expenses are presented in the supplemental slides that accompany the presentation. In our full year reported diluted EPS for 2020 was $4.37 per share. Returning to the details of our revenue performance on Slide 4. While the decrease this quarter was an improvement from the reductions and clients spending we experienced during the last two quarters, we continued to see marketers across a wide spectrum of geographies and industries, adjust spending levels versus prior years, as they continue to assess the continuing impact of the pandemic on their businesses. Our reported revenue for the fourth quarter was $3.76 billion, down $384 million or 9.3% from Q4 2019. In summary, as we discussed in our last two calls regarding our performance by client sector, we see certain industries particularly T&E continue to be more negatively affected than others. Regarding our performance by discipline, CRM execution and support continues to be negatively impacted from reductions in client activity in certain areas, including field marketing and research and CRM consumer experience was also negative. But performance within this discipline was more mixed. Events businesses continue to face significant declines, while our commerce and branding disciplines continue to lag. These declines were somewhat offset by relatively strong performance in our precision marketing businesses. Our healthcare discipline also perform well. However, it faced the difficult comparison back to Q4 of last year when it delivered organic growth of 12.9%, it was down slightly for the quarter, and PR had marginally positive organic growth due in part to election year spending in the U.S. Turning to the FX impact on a year-over-year basis, the impact of foreign exchange rates was mixed when translating our foreign revenue to U.S. dollars. The net impact of changes in exchange rates increased reported revenue by 0.8% or $32 million in revenue for the quarter, while the dollar weakened against some of our largest major foreign currencies, we also saw some strengthening against others. In the quarter, the dollar weakened against the Euro, the British pound, the Chinese Yuan and the Australian dollar and the dollar strengthened against the Brazilian Real, the Russian Ruble and the Turkish Lira. Projecting the FX impact for the upcoming year is challenging, but in light of the recent strengthening of our basket of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar and where rates currently are, our current estimate is that FX could increase our reported revenues by over 2.5% in the first quarter, by over 4% in the second quarter, and then moderate in the second half of 2021 resulting in a full year projection of approximately 2.5% positive, but these estimates are subject to significant adjustment as we move forward in 2021. The impact of our disposition activities over the past 12 months reduced somewhat by a relatively recent acquisition in the UK decreased revenue by just over $19 million in the quarter or 0.5% of 1%, which is consistent with our estimates. Inclusive of the disposition activity through the end of 2020, we estimate the projected net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity will reduce reported revenue by approximately 40 basis points in the first quarter of 2021, 25 basis points in Q2 with more general reductions in the second half of 2021. However, we continue to evaluate our portfolio for both potential disposition opportunities and acquisition targets. During Q4, we recorded asset impairment charges of approximately $56 million related to businesses that we expect to dispose of in the first half of 2021. Organic revenue decreased just under $400 million or 9.6% in the third quarter when compared to the prior year. As mentioned earlier, our revenue once again was down across all major geographic markets, but overall, the percentage decreases in organic revenue continued to improve when compared to those we experienced over the previous two quarters. Turning to our mix of business by discipline on Page 5. For the second quarter, the split was 58% for advertising and 42% for marketing services. As for the organic change by discipline advertising was down 9.7%. Within the discipline our media businesses have continued to see sequential organic improvement over the past two quarters. In our global and national advertising agencies also showed improvement this quarter, although that was certainly mixed by agency. CRM consumer experience was down 15.8% for the quarter. As previously discussed this was primarily due to a large year-over-year decline at our events businesses, which continue to face significant obstacles due to many restrictions resulting from the pandemic. CRM execution and support was down 13.7% as our field marketing and research businesses lagged for the quarter. PR bullied by increased activity in the quarter related to the U.S. elections was marginally positive in Q4 and our health care agencies facing a very difficult comparison back to Q4 2019 when they generated double-digit organic growth were down 2%, but the performance of the underlying businesses remain solid across all geographies. Now turning to the details of our regional next by business on Page 6. You can see the quarterly split was 52% in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America and 9% in UK, 20% for the rest of Europe, 12% for Asia-Pacific and 2% each for Latin America and Middle East and Africa. In reviewing the details of our performance by region on Slide 7, organic revenue in the fourth quarter in the U.S. was down $202 million or 9.4%. For the quarter our domestic events businesses once again experienced our largest organic decline. And while we again saw year-over-year decreases in our advertising and media activity, they continued to have sequential improvement when compared to the previous two quarters. Our precision marketing businesses continued to perform well, and our domestic PR businesses were positive in the quarter. Again, resulting primarily from election related activities in the U.S. Outside the U.S. our other North American agencies were down 3.2%. Our U.K. agencies were down 12.4% continuing solid performance from a precision marketing and healthcare agencies was offset by reductions from our advertising and field marketing businesses. The rest of Europe was down 9.2% organically. In Euro zone among our major markets, Germany, Belgium, Ireland, and Italy were down single-digits, while Spain and France experienced double-digit reductions. Outside the Euro zone, our organic growth was down around 3% during the quarter with decreased activity in Russia and Sweden offsetting improved performance elsewhere in continental Europe. Organic revenue performance in Asia Pacific for the quarter was negative 3.9%, positive performance from our agencies in Australia and New Zealand are more than offset by decreases in Greater China and Singapore, while our Indian agencies were effectively flat. Latin America was down 9.2% organically in the quarter. Although our agencies in Brazil continue to feel the effects of reduced activity, the single digit reduction in organic growth was there an improvement. And lastly, the Middle East and Africa was negative for the quarter due to a significant reduction in project revenue. As you can see on the revenue by industry information that we presented on Slides 8 to 10; certain clients sectors continue to be more negatively affected than others. In particular our traveling, entertainment and energy clients are continuing to curtail end marketing expenditures to match the significant decline of business activity in those sectors. Well spending by clients and the technology industry was up versus Q4 of 2019. Clients spend in other industries, such as autos, food and beverage and consumer products continue to be lower when compared to the prior year, but improved from the lowest levels we saw back in the second quarter. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 11, you can see that in 2020 we generated nearly $1.7 billion of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital, down when compared to 2019, but less than a year-over-year decrease in our net income. The $558 million generated in the fourth quarter was up $35 million versus the $523 million generated during the fourth quarter of 2019. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 12 dividends paid to our common shareholders were $563 million, effectively unchanged when compared to the last year. Dividends paid to our noncontrolling interest shareholders was down slightly year-over-year to $96 million. Capital expenditures for the year were $75 million, down when compared to last year. As we previously discussed, we've reduced our capital spending in the near term to only those projects that are essential or were previously committed. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments totaled $117 million and stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plan total $218 million, down compared to the last year due to the suspension of our sharer purchase program in mid-March. As a result of our continuing efforts to prudently manage the use of our cash, we were able to generate $625 million in free cash flow during 2020 with approximately $340 million generated in the fourth quarter. Turning to our capital structure as of yearend, our total debt was just over $5.8 billion, up around $670 million since last year. The major components of the change with the issuance of $600 million of 10-year senior notes due in 2030, which were issued in early April at the outset of the pandemic, along with the increase in debt for approximately $100 million resulting from the FX impact of converting our 1 billion of Euro denominated borrowings into dollars at the balance sheet date. Our net debt position as of December 31st was $211 million, down $624 million from last yearend. Year-on-year, he improvement in net debt is primarily due to our positive free cash flow of $625 million and positive changes in operating capital of $31 million. That's where our debt ratios or total debt to EBITDA ratio is 3.2 times, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.1 times. And finally moving to our historical returns on Page 14. For the last 12 months our return on invested capital ratio was 23%, while our return on equity is 31.8%, both reflecting the decline in operating results driven by the economic effects of the pandemic, as well as the impact of the repositioning charges we took back in the second quarter. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we've included several of the supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you. And thanks for your comments on the outlook. But I just wanted to clarify on a couple of points. And for Q1, understanding of likely still be negative, but are you seeing ongoing improvement? I mean, can the declines continue to moderate? And just to clarify Q2 should return to positive growth at any color, I guess you can provide us on the full year, our clients – how clients approach spending? Are you seeing the pent-up demand? If there's a range, you can give us for how we think about potential organic growth for the full year? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. I'll take a stab at it and then Phil will add to whatever need out. The first quarter we still see as challenging, but sequentially probably better than what we saw in 2020. We fully expect based upon the plan reviews that we've done, even though they're not final with our operating companies. That will return to positive organic growth in the second quarter and for the balance of the year. I saw this morning that there was some possibly some confusion out there in some of the writings that were there, but that's what's really going to happen. In terms of specific industries and specific responses, we see an improving positive attitude, but COVID is still here. Progress is getting made with the vaccine as it rolls out, but it's going to take a little bit of time and I don't think anybody's baked in the stimulus payments into their spending habits, but if that occurred, I'm sure they will only have a positive effect on what happens as we get into the second quarter and beyond. I don't know what you want me to add, Phil.
Phil Angelastro: I don't have too much to add. I think that clarifies things certainly in the first quarter, given COVID didn't really hit our business till kind of mid-March and any meaningful way the comps in the first quarter were challenging. So while there's still some uncertainty in the first quarter regarding COVID, first quarter in particular, we do expect some improvement relative to Q4s performance in terms of organic decline. But at some point in the second quarter, we do expect to rebound, especially given the comps in the second quarter are much easier as well as the third quarter. So, I think we definitely expect to return back to growth mode in Q2 and likely for the first six months based on that Q2 performance. We'd be back in growth mode and more optimistic about the rest of the year. Although there are some things that are still out of our – certainly out of our control with COVID and the vaccination take rate, et cetera.
Alexia Quadrani: Sorry, I assume it's a bit too early given all that's going on to give us a range for the full year. And then just, I'm also following up on maybe on margins. So you've done a great job in terms of cutting costs and keep surprising us on the upside and on the profitability. I'm wondering if the benefits of the restructuring actions you took in 2020 are enough to kind of offset maybe more costs coming online as business picks up, or how should we think about margins for the year?
Phil Angelastro: I think the way we're looking at internally is 2019s margins are the best proxy for what we expect in 2021. We continue to try and be more efficient all throughout the organization. So we're certainly striving to do better, but we think that's a good proxy in terms of the underlying operations of the business. We believe some of what we did back in Q2, especially as it related to our real estate portfolio will be – will generate meaningful, sustainable cost savings. But as we get back into growth mode we're going to welcome back the variable costs that come with it because we're going to be growing. So there may be increases in people costs and maybe some traveling related costs that go up. We don't think we're going to be back to traveling like we did in 2019 as a proxy, but some costs are going to come back because we're growing, and that'll be fine.
John Wren: I'm just crossing the line into Phil's area here a little bit. And if you look a little longer term, we're in the process of planning and looking at our staff, how we house our staff and support our staff. It's not going to be Earth changing, but some of the experiences that have occurred during the last 11 months will continue well into the future and should provide some benefit on the cost side. Thank you.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. John, I guess in your judgments, as you think out beyond COVID-19, and once we've stayed more than a year has gone by once we end this storm pandemic. In your judgment, what do you think is a reasonable expectation for your revenue growth long-term and obviously there is a lot of debate out there. Is it positive 3%, 4%? Is it negative? I'm kind of get to in your mind, do you think there's any permanent damage to your business going through this pandemic, it's putting you in a worse position on the back end of this or the opposite? It’s the first question. Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. I certainly don't see anything that's specifically going to make anything more difficult than any time in the past. I still firmly believe Craig that the company will return to on an annual basis, a GDP plus 1% or whatever; that's the objective. I know that that is not only an objective of mine, but that of my entire management team, in terms of the way we view our business and review our responsibilities. So that's how – that's the only goal I focus on. Anything less is something that we take action against. I don't know if that...
Craig Huber: John, when you say GDP just to be clear to tell on real GDP or nominal GDP on a global basis?
John Wren: Hi. I think if we carve out FX that's what we're focused on.
Craig Huber: So nominal excluding FX global basis, if you exceed that. Okay. So sort of get back to your historical growth rates and stuff, okay. And then yet, if you want to ask you, John, if I could please with all the movement out there in the marketplace to more and more e-commerce and some moving away from brick and mortar, of course. Are you viewing that as a net positive neutral or the opposite due to your business? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. We see it as a real positive. The executional parts of our business were getting smaller over the last several years prior to COVID that trend certainly contained into COVID and probably the slowest part of returning everybody, almost every single one of our clients sped up invested more in their digital transformation, as did we. And in that environment, we're deploying more strategic, more talented people to resolve issues and create opportunities and insights for our clients. So this change, which I do believe is permanent, will be very positive for the organization.
Craig Huber: Great. Thanks, John.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning, John, and, Phil, good morning, Shub. Apologies, I've probably – I don't know, I'm the only one who created confusion, but reading your statement. So when you said negative, that was versus 2020 and it's clearly versus 2019. So I blamed my poor mastery of the flowery English language. My first question will be how much of your 2019 revenue needs an open economy to function sort of like field marketing events. So any business impacted by the virus from a lockdown and reduced mobility? So we can have an idea because I would think that your percentage is higher than other agencies and therefore when things recover you should go faster than the others. That's my first question. The second one is you generated good cash flow in 2020, but – and you end up with not a lot of at – on net debt of $0.2 billion. So you do have $5.8 billion of debt and $5.6 billion of cash. And the debt clearly cost more than the cash yields. So anything you can do to reduce gross debt and gross cash and benefit the P&L through lower interest. That's my second question. And then the last one is anything you can tell us about media performance in 2020, I assume it's better than the average of the group, but some colors will be appreciated. Thank you.
John Wren: Phil, do you want to?
Phil Angelastro: Sure, I'll start. So, specifically with respect to events and field marketing, they've certainly been challenged in events for certain even more so in 2020. And I think we saw a slow pickup in China, which got hit first, which is when we saw it first in the first quarter of 2020. We saw a little bit of a pickup in the fourth quarter of 2020 as well, but our events business is somewhere around 3.5% or 4% of the business and field marketing might be 2% to 3%. So those certainly are two of the most affected. I think many of our businesses though, even the creative agencies and throughout the portfolio, branding businesses, et cetera we rely on project work. We think that will pick up more as the economies come back. But I think the most sensitive to an open economy no travel restrictions, those kinds of things, and being able to go to live sports and things. Events is going to be on the top of that list. Field marketing because much of it happens in day-to-day life, grocery stores, et cetera, we expect that will come back sooner. And as far as debt and cash and reducing interest, I think our performance certainly has been very good from a cash flow perspective or a cash management perspective during the pandemic. We took out the additional $600 million of debt in early April as kind of a liquidity insurance policy. We will be evaluating internally and with our board our approach as we get past the first quarter and things stabilize more as to what alternatives we're going to pursue. And from a cash perspective right now we're comfortable where we are, but it is on our list to address what the alternatives might be to more efficiently and effectively use that cash. And then in terms of media as far as 2020 goes, I think the media business certainly sequentially improved throughout the year Q4 versus Q3 and versus Q2. We do expect improvements as we head into 2021. But I think we're optimistic about the business in 2021 and certainly we've won more than our fair share pitches and we're in more as we head into the early part of the year here. So our expectations are certainly positive.
John Wren: Just one thing I might add on the media answer is we clearly think 2021 is going to be better. Some of our clients and this is quite understandable are committing for shorter durations because of the experiences they've had in the last 14 or 15 months. But as things improve, there is a vaccine, there are positive things occurring some slower than not. We think that unless something drastically changes everything will be more positive.
Julien Roch: Okay. Very clear. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Maybe first just to follow up on margin. So if 2019 is a good proxy for 2021, I guess that assumes that margins are a little higher. So as we think forward to next year, when you'll have revenue that might look more like 2019, does that higher margin hold through? Or do you expect to be investing some of that savings as you roll into higher growth mode? And then maybe just to follow up on the cash question, you are sitting on a lot of cash as the board think about something like an accelerated buyback, your shares have underperformed some of your peers this year, I know you look at return on equity and the total share price performance. So maybe just help us think about return to share repurchases and any potential uses there. Thanks.
John Wren: Yes, sure. Let me take the cash, the buyback question from me first. I just saw last evening, we – our board increased our dividends 7.7%. That's part of an ongoing process. Our traditional uses of cash have been to increase, protect and defend and pay our dividends. Second is using our funds for acquisitions, which will add to our growth in an accretive fashion. And last but not least has been the repurchase of our shares. Those are the – that capital structure and approach has served us very, very well over the last 30 years. So at this point I don't see us tempted by short-term moves to accelerate or disproportionately look at buybacks in advance of looking at the other two priorities the company has. And in all manners we're always looking to protect and defend our investment grade rating. So that's the context in which these conversations occur. So I don't see any, at this point, acceleration of – what would have been a normal program. Phil may add.
Phil Angelastro: And as far as your margin question, I think, we will – we expect and did frankly in 2020 as well to continue to invest in the business and invest in our data and analytics capabilities in particular Omni platform and the components of that platform. So that will continue, I think, to the extent that our performance exceeds 2019 from a margin perspective hopefully that will be the case. And if that's the case, we'll deliver more. But at this point, we think 2019 is the best proxy as the business comes back into growth mode we're going to continue to invest, most of our investments have runs from our P&L over the years. But I think if the performance is there, we may have some opportunity for margin improvement, but certainly right now our goal and our targets are using 2019 as a proxy.
John Wren: Yes. And let me just going to pile on there. It's a proxy. If we were at the beginning of 2019, we'd be endeavoring to improve the prior margins we experienced. So we're just simply looking at proxies and saying when the business fully restores that would be a good north star to start from.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you.
John Wren: [Indiscernible] We could probably do one more.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think we have time for one more call, operator.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of John Janedis from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Great, thanks. John just maybe to wrap up, you talked about digital adoption being compressed in the market growth. As that continues or accelerates, how does it impact organic growth over the long-term? And is that an area where you're seeing competition from non-traditional players?
John Wren: That does contribute to growth over the long-term because the more complex the problem, the smarter the people and solutions are that we are able to offer to our clients. And we've prepared the foundation for and tool set that we've been asked for a long time, we probably talk about it on every call, but that's because it's legitimate. And for an organization of the size to be functioning based on the same tool set is quite an accomplishment. And it will add to our abilities as we move forward. Will competition come from different areas? Absolutely. I think one great differentiation we have from the normal big players, who are out there, is that we don't own the – analyze and tell you the solution. You should go away and implement. We have the creative horsepower and the people that climb into the trenches with our clients along the journey. And we feel responsible for not only its design and intelligence, but for its execution. So, we're adapting and we adapt very, very quickly or an increasingly quickly because of COVID.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I mean, our approach has always been about generating ideas or people in our business generating ideas for our clients. And our focus has always been on insights and outcomes as it relates and that applies as it relates to technology and data, not data management or compilation. So I think idea generation and insights and outcomes is what adds the value and that applies to whatever the level of complexity of the solution. So we think we're in a good place competitively as a result.
John Janedis: Thank you.
John Wren: The market is already open.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you all for taking the time to join us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before I start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out, that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are now going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then, we will open the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I’m pleased to speak to you this morning about our third quarter results. I would like first to thank our people for their performance in a complex and volatile environment. We recognize the challenges you are facing personally and professionally. We will continue to support you and to maintain our unwavering commitment to keeping you safe, as we continue to effectively service our clients and preserve the strength of our business. As we expected, the negative impact of COVID-19 on our business peaked in the second quarter, and we experienced significant improvements in the third quarter. Organic growth declined by 11.7% or $424 million, which includes a decline in our third-party service costs of $194 million. Sequentially, we saw improvements across all geographic regions, and most of our large countries with the only few exceptions including Brazil, India, Japan and Singapore. Similarly, our largest industry sectors had significant sequential growth, with pharma and health as well as technology growing in the third quarter versus the prior year. As anticipated, some of our clients’ industries that have been hit the hardest, such as travel and entertainment, as well as our events businesses continue to be challenged. Our EBIT margin in the third quarter was 15.6% as compared to 13.1% in the third quarter of 2019, driving year-over-year growth in operating profit and net income. The performance can be attributed to a number of factors including repositioning actions taken in the second quarter, significant reductions in addressable spend, voluntary pay cuts across the group, which will be phased out by the end of the year, and reimbursements in tax credits and the government programs in several countries. As you know, earlier in the year, we took measures to provide additional liquidity during the COVID crisis, and we further enhanced our working capital processes. We also stopped the share repurchase program. We don’t expect to restart share repurchases this year, and we’ll be reviewing the policy with our Board in December. I’m pleased to report that our efforts continue to pay off. Year-to-date we generated $1.1 billion in free cash flow and paid dividends of $423 million. Phil will discuss our liquidity and balance sheet in more detail which remain very strong. Let me now turn to our strategies and business performance. It goes without saying this year has been a period of significant change with COVID-19 causing shifts in consumer behavior, which in turn have augmented the services we provide to our clients. Across almost every sector our clients pivoted their operations to accelerate their digital transformation, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer initiatives, further leverage data analytics and insights to drive their marketing and communication programs and seek ways to reinvent and differentiate their brands in an always on environment. These initiatives were already well underway before COVID, but they’ve taken on a new urgency for our clients with the main purpose of achieving the best outcomes in reaching their customers. I’m pleased with how our agencies have responded. They’ve had to re-imagine marketing strategies, move quickly to provide our clients with relevant insights into how consumers were thinking, feeling and behaving, and provide counsel on where, when and how brands should show up differently. In fact, this COVID-19 and these changes in consumer behavior are profound and will have a lasting impact. With the exponential shift to virtual and online activities and its effect on almost every routine, consumers more than ever expect effortless interconnected brand experiences that need to be delivered through increasingly dynamic and nonlinear paths to purchase. Fortunately, we are well-positioned to excel in this environment, as a result of our long-term growth strategies. For more than a decade, we’ve invested a substantial amount of time and money in the areas of analytics, insights, precision marketing, and digital transformation services. These investments enable our companies to put the consumer at the center with data-driven digital and personalized offerings. Omni, our world-class people-based data and analytics service platform is being leveraged by our creative, media, precision marketing, CRM, healthcare, PR, and e-commerce agencies across the group. The power of the platform is providing our clients a unique understanding of their audiences as people, not just as consumers, enabling us to develop targeted and coordinating marketing programs across multiple mediums. Omni is being deployed by our client service teams using process-driven frameworks that can be applied to their specific client situations and for new business opportunities. This combination of our platforms, processes and people allows us to offer flexible programs and solutions that can be customized to meet the rapidly changing demands of today’s market. We also continue to invest heavily in growing our precision marketing, mark-tech and digital transformation business through a series of strategic investments and acquisitions. We’ve realigned several agencies into Omnicom Precision Marketing Group, a practice area we formed several years ago, and we expanded its capabilities through the acquisitions of Credera, Smart Digital and in third quarter DMW. These investments have been instrumental in the relative performance we have achieved in these disciplines over the past few quarters. We expect them to continue to be a key driver for our growth as digital transformation and precision marketing initiatives accelerate. As I said earlier, demand for our transformation work cuts across industries. Whether it’s auto, retail, FMCG, or health care, we are helping our clients, design and deploy new technology platforms, develop online strategies and personalize digital experiences, optimize content creation and automate content delivery. These consumer-centric engagements deliver measurable outcomes that improve time to market and ROI associated with marketing investments. Another area fueled exponentially by COVID is e-commerce. For a period of time this year for many of our clients, e-commerce was the only way to transact with their customers, from CPG to retail to autos to education, in virtually every other industry e-commerce adoption accelerated in a period of days and weeks where in normal times it would have otherwise taken years. During the quarter, we strengthened our practice area grounded in a common space, led by Sophie Daranyi, our newly formed Omnicom Commerce Group is a center of excellence for commerce and conversion marketing. The group brings together best in class creativity and consulting capabilities from several agencies and will partner closely with our media and precision marketing practices to help clients achieve reductions in the gap between awareness and sales, leverage our e-commerce offers across the group, and accelerate our speed and agility in connecting our expertise and capabilities for our clients. Whether in-store or online, brands that are best known and trusted are the ones that people have turned to during the pandemic, and will continue to turn to as these shifts in behavior take hold for the long term. Helping to build that familiar energy, affection and trust in a brand is at the core of what our creative agencies have done for decades. We have the creativity to think differently, to design and create relevant experiences that are resonant, more importantly rewarding. We know it is what will drive long-term growth for our clients. While 2020 has been a time of disruption and reinvention, a constant to all has been the resiliency of our people. Despite the challenges thrown our way, our agencies and our people are continuing to step up and display world class creativity, innovation and ideas. Their performance is demonstrated by our recent new business success. Peugeot chose Omnicom’s O.P.EN, which is an acronym for Omnicom for Peugeot Engine as its new agency of record. Creative precision marketing strategy teams from across 17 different markets put together the winning proposal. BBDO was selected by AARP as its brand agency of record. Cox Automotive appointed Hearts & Science U.S. media agency of record for its Autotrader and Kelley Blue Book brands. Dieste [Ph] was awarded the multicultural advertising for Frito Lay brands, Cheetos and Doritos. And in pharma and health care, our companies continue to outperform with significant wins across our practice areas, including advertising in creative services for key products for Gilead, CSL Plasma and AbbVie, digital innovation services for Novartis across their pharma and oncology business units, and in PR, we had wins with J&J Pharma, New Penn Medical Center and KKI Pharma. The common denominator across these business wins and our work during quarter is it happened with most of our people working remotely. Looking ahead, we know when we enter the post COVID phase, the way we work will be different. With that in mind, we have formed a committee dedicated to helping our agency leaders evaluate how our business should operate post COVID. The objective of the group is to rethink the way we work to best serve each agency’s specific services, people, client, space and culture. We’ve also accelerated how we use technology and share information well beyond video calls and virtual meetings. For example, we’re using technology platforms to deliver more training programs, onboard new talent and clients, collaborate on creative ideas and produce shoots. In fact, the accelerated adoption of technology has improved almost every aspect of our operations, both in servicing our clients and in our back office. I’m certain that we will take away many learnings from the current environment that have allowed us to work more efficiently and effectively. Let me now provide an update on our DE&I initiatives and some key changes. Over a decade ago, we hired one of the industry’s first Chief Diversity Officers, Tiffany R. Warren, who was instrumental in developing our DE&I strategy and framework. Since then, she has helped us build the core of our DE&I programs. As announced earlier this month, Tiffany has decided to join Sony Music, and we’re in the process of finding a new diversity leader who will lead us in the next phase of our efforts. I want to thank Tiffany for her many contributions and wish her success in her new role. As mentioned last quarter, our DE&I strategy aims to create supportive environment and is led by the Omnicom people engagement network or OPEN. OPEN provides structure and counsel and visibility to DE&I initiatives and policies throughout our organization. Our OPEN 2.0 actions focus on four key tenets: culture, collaboration, clients and community, and is organized into eight action items. These include the development and retention of our diverse talent, client and community involvement, mandatory training and accountability of our leaders. One of our first action items is the expansion and empowerment of our OPEN leadership team, which is responsible for leading the implementation of our framework. To-date, through a combination of new hires and promotions, we’ve expanded the OPEN leadership team from 15 to 25 diversity champions, and we’re making good progress on our initiatives. I look forward to sharing more with you on this front in the future. Before turning it over to Phil, let me provide an update on our expectations for the fourth quarter. While the third quarter trend was positive and we expect to see continuing improvement in several industries and markets, there are a number of challenges and uncertainties as we look to the fourth quarter. First is the trajectory of the virus globally, which will impact the pace of economic recovery in each country we operate in. Next is the outcome of the U.S. election and potential delays in its results. Third is the timing and effect of government stimulus programs in the U.S. and around the world. And last, our labor market conditions, especially as stimulus programs end and their effect on the overall rate of economic recovery. All of these factors create greater uncertainty in our financial forecast and a much lower level of visibility than we’ve experienced in the past across our businesses. This is especially so in our project-based services as well as in the year-end project spend that we normally expect to see from our clients. As a result, we continue to focus on the things we can control. Our agencies are dedicated to ensuring the safety of their staff, servicing their clients, pursuing new business opportunities, aligning their staffing levels with revenue and aggressively managing their costs. Each of them is being asked to plan for alternative scenarios for accelerated growth as well as potential declines in client spending. I want to thank our people for their outstanding work and ask everyone to stay safe. While 2020 has been a difficult year in many ways, I’m incredibly pleased with how we’ve operated and the progress we’ve made in executing our strategies. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the third quarter results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John, and good morning. As John said, the negative impact on our business caused by COVID-19 peaked in Q2. And as business conditions improved, our results improved considerably in Q3. Our performance reflects the benefits from the actions we took to align our cost structure with the current operating environment. And while the decline in revenue was in line with our expectations, our margin improvement exceeded our expectations. I will cover that in more detail later. Turning to slide 4 for a summary of our revenue performance for the third quarter. Our organic revenue performance was negative $424 million or 11.7% for the quarter. The decrease was an improvement from the unprecedented decrease of 23% in the second quarter and was in line with our internal expectations throughout the quarter. And while we still experienced declines across all regions and disciplines, except for the continued growth of our specialty health care businesses, those reductions were about half the levels we saw in Q2. The impact of foreign exchange rates increased our revenue by 0.5% in the quarter versus the slightly negative impact we anticipated. This was due to the moderation of the strengthening of the dollar compared to the prior period. And the impact on revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, was relatively flat or a decrease of 0.3%. As a result, our reported revenue for the third quarter decreased 11.5% to $3.2 billion when compared to Q3 of 2019. I’ll return to discuss the details of the changes in revenue in a few minutes. Turning back to slide 1. Our reported operating profit for the quarter was $501 million, up from $473.3 million in Q3 of last year. Our operating profit in the quarter was positively impacted from the cost reductions resulting from the repositioning actions we undertook in the second quarter and good management of our addressable spend and cost categories by the leaders of our agencies. The results for the quarter included the benefit of reductions in salary and related costs, which increased operating profit by $68.7 million related to reimbursements and tax credits on the government programs in several countries, including the U.S., Canada, the UK, Germany, France and others. Operating margin for the quarter increased 250 basis points to 15.6% compared to 13.1% in Q3 of last year. Excluding the benefit of the reductions in salary and related costs from the government reimbursements and tax credits, operating margin for the quarter increased 40 basis points to 13.5%. EBITDA for the quarter was $522 million, and EBITDA margin was 16.3% compared to 13.6% in Q3 of last year. Excluding the benefit of the reductions in selling and related costs previously referred to, EBITDA margin for the quarter increased 50 basis points to 14.1%. You will recall, we estimated that the severance and real estate actions taken in the second quarter would generate approximately $230 million in savings over the second half of 2020. We also expected to generate additional saving in excess of $75 million in the second half from reductions in discretionary costs. Through the end of Q3, the reductions in our payroll and real estate costs were in line with those estimates, and we experienced greater cost savings resulting from the active management of our discretionary addressable spend cost categories, including travel and entertainment, general office expenses, professional fees, personnel fees and other. On slide 3 of our investor presentation, we presented the details of our operating expenses. As we previously discussed, we have and will continue to actively manage our cost to ensure they align with our revenue structure. In addition to the overarching structural changes we made during the second quarter, we continue to evaluate ways to improve efficiency throughout the organization, focusing on our real estate portfolio management, back-office services, procurement and IT services. As for the details, our salary and service costs are variable and fluctuate with revenue. Salary and related service costs declined by $223 million in the quarter, reflecting both the impact of our staffing reductions during the second quarter and the impact of the benefits from government reimbursements and tax credits discussed previously. Third-party service costs, which include expenses incurred with third-party vendors when we act as a principal when we’re performing services for our clients, primarily related to our events, field marketing and merchandising and media businesses, decreased by $194 million in the quarter or 20%. In comparison, the decrease in third-party service costs in the second quarter year-over-year was nearly $400 million or 40%. Occupancy and other costs, which are less linked to changes in revenue, declined by approximately $18 million, again, reflecting the decrease in the cost structure from the actions taken in the second quarter and from our people not being in our offices during the quarter for the most part, and SG&A expenses declined by $7 million in the quarter. Net interest expense for the quarter was $48.5 million, down $800,000 versus Q3 last year and up $1.3 million compared to Q2 of 2020. When compared to the third quarter of 2019, our gross interest expense was down $8.4 million, resulting from debt refinancing actions over the last 12 months. This includes the impact of the additional $600 million of 10-year 4.2% senior notes that we issued as liquidity insurance in early April of this year. As we’ve discussed on our previous calls this year, these actions reduced the effective interest rate on our senior debt by 60 basis points when compared to Q3 of 2019. This reduction was offset by a decrease in interest income of $7.6 million versus Q3 of 2019, primarily due to lower interest rates. When compared to the second quarter of 2020, interest expense increased slightly by $700,000, while interest income was down $600,000. As we enter the final quarter of the year, we expect that our refinancing activity over the past year plus will continue to more than offset the increase in interest expense resulting from the issuance of the 4.2% notes this past April. We believe adding this additional liquidity while maintaining our interest expense levels was a prudent step to take. We expect net interest expense to increase in Q4 of 2020 by approximately $10 million compared to Q4 of 2019, largely driven by an estimated reduction in interest income. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.7%, in line with our expectations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the rate was 28.5%, an increase from 26% for the comparable period in 2019. The increase in the nine-month rate for 2020 was primarily attributable to activity from Q2 related to the non-deductibility of certain repositioning costs in certain jurisdictions and the loss on dispositions. Excluding the impact of these items, the year-to-date effective rate was 26.3%, which was in line with our expectations. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter will approximate 27%, excluding the impact of share-based compensation items, which we cannot predict because it is subject to changes in our share price. Earnings from our affiliates totaled $2.9 million for the quarter, up a bit versus Q3 of last year, and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders was $21.6 million during the quarter, relatively flat with the prior year. As a result, net income for the third quarter was $313.3 million, up 8% or $23.1 million when compared to Q3 of 2019. Our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 1.6% versus Q3 of last year to 215.8 million shares, resulting from share repurchases prior to the suspension of our share repurchase program, which we announced towards the end of March. As a result, our diluted EPS for the third quarter was $1.45, which is an increase of $0.13 or 9.8% when compared to our Q3 EPS for last year. On slide 2, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. As a reminder, in response to the pandemic, during the second quarter, we undertook a comprehensive review of our operational structure to reflect the current and expected economic realities of the COVID landscape. Repositioning actions included severance actions to reduce employee headcount, real estate lease impairments, terminations and related fixed asset charges that will allow us additional flexibility to match our additional changes in the need for space based on our headcount, as well as the disposition of several small agencies. These repositioning charges totaled $278 million, which reduced our year-to-date net income by $223 million and diluted earnings per share by $1.03. We’ve detailed the components of these charges in the supplemental slides that accompany the presentation. Additionally, our results for the nine months ended September 30th include the benefit of reductions in salary-related costs, which increased operating profit by $117.8 million related to reimbursements and tax credits under the government programs we previously discussed. Returning to the details of our revenue performance on slide 4. While the decrease was significantly better than the reductions in client spending we experienced during the second quarter, demand for our services continued to decline compared to last year’s levels, as marketers continue to manage expenditures due to the economic impact of the pandemic on their businesses. Our reported revenue for the third quarter was $3.2 billion, down $417 million or 11.5% from Q3 of 2019. As you can see on slide 8 and 9, and as you’d expect, certain client industry sectors continue to be more negatively affected than others. Our clients and industries such as travel and entertainment and energy, as well as nonessential retail are continuing to reduce their marketing communication expenditures to match the declines in those business sectors. However, during the quarter, we continue to see clients in the pharma and health care industries as well as the technology and telecommunications industries fare better. The disciplines that were most negatively impacted were CRM consumer experience, primarily from our events businesses; and CRM execution and support, primarily due to our field marketing and non-profit agency businesses. And our advertising discipline, including media, experienced decline similar to our overall organic decline. A considerable amount of the revenue decline in these businesses resulted from reductions in third-party service costs incurred when providing services for our clients when we act as a principal. These third-party service costs, which fluctuate directly with changes in revenue, declined across all of our disciplines by just under $200 million in Q3 of 2020 versus Q3 of 2019. Turning to the FX impact. On a year-over-year basis, the strength of the U.S. dollar moderated against our foreign currencies. For the first time since Q2 of 2018, the FX impact increased our reported revenue. The impact of changes in exchange rates increased reported revenue by 0.5% or $18 million in revenue for the quarter. On a reported basis, the dollar’s performance was mixed this quarter, weakening against some of our major foreign currencies while strengthening against others. In the quarter, the dollar weakened against the euro, the UK pound and the Australian dollar. While the dollar strengthened against the Brazilian reais, Russian ruble and the Mexican peso. Looking forward, if currencies stay where they currently are, we anticipate that the FX impact would slightly increase our reported revenue by approximately 50 basis points in Q4. And for the full year, the FX impact would be negative by about 50 basis points. The impact of our recent acquisition of DMW in the UK, that we completed at the beginning of the third quarter, net of our disposition activity, decreased revenue by $11.3 million in the quarter or 0.3%, which was in line with the estimate we made entering the quarter. Inclusive of the disposition activity through September 30th and not including any acquisitions or dispositions we may complete before the end of the year, we estimate the projected net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity will reduce reported revenue by approximately 50 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2020. Our organic revenue decreased approximately $424 million, or 11.7% in the third quarter when compared to the prior year. As mentioned earlier, our revenue was down in Q2 across all major geographic markets, but the percentage decreases in organic revenue were significantly lower than those we experienced in the second quarter. Within our service disciplines, our health care agencies saw increased activity across all regions, resulting in organic revenue growth for that discipline. While both of our CRM disciplines, particularly our events and field marketing businesses continue to face significant disruptions to their businesses due to the impact of COVID-19. Turning to our mix of business by discipline on page 5. For the second quarter, the split was 56% for advertising and 44% for marketing services. As for the organic change by discipline, advertising was down 11.7%, with our media businesses seeing a significant improvement organically compared to the second quarter when media activity slowed considerably. Our global and national advertising agencies also improved their organic performance this quarter, compared to the second quarter, although performance by agency was mixed. CRM consumer experience was down 19.3% for the quarter. The strongest performance in the discipline came from our precision marketing agencies, which were down globally around 5%. Our events businesses and the discipline continue to face significant challenges as they adapt their business models to the new operational realities due to COVID. And our shopper and brand consulting agencies continue to experience COVID-19 headwinds. CRM Execution & Support was down 19.4% as our field marketing and nonprofit consulting businesses lagged for the quarter. PR, while mixed by market, was down 3.4%, and our health care agencies continued to turn in strong performances across the portfolio, this quarter, up organically 3.8% with growth across all geographic regions. Now, turning to the details of our regional mix of business on page 6. You can see the quarterly split was 55% in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 10% in the UK, 17% for the rest of Europe, 12% for Asia Pacific, 2% in Latin America and 1% for the Middle East and Africa. The mix in Q3 is fairly consistent with what we saw by region in the first and second quarters of the year. In reviewing the details of our performance by region on slide 7, organic revenue in the second quarter in the U.S. was down $227 million or 11.4%, which is an improvement over the Q2 results, when organic revenue fell by over 20% domestically. For the quarter, our events business has again experienced our largest organic decline in the U.S. Our domestic specialty health care agencies were positive organically, while we again saw decreases in our advertising and media businesses, but at decreased levels from Q2. And our domestic PR and precision marketing agencies were just about flat compared to Q3 of 2019, solid performance considering the overall environment. Outside the U.S., our other North American agencies were down just under 8% or $8 million. Our UK agencies were down $43 million or 12.5%. Positive performance from our precision marketing and health care agencies was offset by reductions from our other businesses. Rest of Europe was down 9.6% organically, a significant improvement over Q2 when organic revenue fell nearly 30%. In the eurozone, among our major markets, Germany and Italy were down single digits; Ireland, the Netherlands and Spain were down between 10% and 20%, while France continued to lag behind the other markets. Outside the eurozone, our organic growth was flat during the quarter. Organic revenue growth in Asia Pacific for the quarter was negative 12.8%. Our agencies in Greater China and Australia were down single digits, while in Japan and India we saw similar decreases in Q3 as we did in Q2. Latin America was down 22.3% or $22 million organically in the quarter, driven by the continuing weakness from our agencies in Brazil. And lastly, the Middle East and Africa was negative again for the quarter. Turning to slides 8, 9 and 10, we present our mix of revenue by our clients’ industry sector. When comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2020 to 2019, we continue to see a small shift in our mix with increased contribution from our pharma and technology clients, while travel and entertainment, and financial services decreased. Turning to our cash flow performance on slide 11. You can see that in the first nine months of 2020, we generated $1.14 billion in free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital, down when compared to the same period in 2019. But the $412 million generated in the third quarter was up a bit versus the $394 million generated during Q3 of 2019. As for our primary uses of cash, on slide 12, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $423 million, effectively unchanged when compared to last year. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders decreased to $58 million. Capital expenditures in the first nine months of the year were $50 million, down when compared to last year. As we’ve talked about on our prior calls, we have limited our capital spending in the near term to only those deemed essential. Acquisitions, including earnout payments, totaled just under $105 million. And stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled just over $216 million, a decrease compared to last year, reflecting the suspension of our share repurchase program in mid-March. As a result of our continuing efforts to prudently manage the use of our cash, we were able to generate $284 million of free cash flow during the first nine months of 2020, $141 million of which was generated in the third quarter alone. Turning to our capital structure as of September 30th. Our total debt was a little under $5.8 billion, up $670 million since this time last year. Major components of the change was a retirement of $600 million of dollar-denominated senior notes, which were due earlier this year, replacing those borrowings was $1.2 billion of 10-year senior notes due in 2030, along with the FX impact of converting the €1 billion of euro-denominated borrowings into dollars at the balance sheet date. Versus December 31, 2019, gross debt at the end of the quarter was up $641 million, primarily as a result of the $600 million issuance of U.S. denominated senior notes, in early April. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was just over $2.5 billion, up about $1.7 billion compared to year-end December 31, 2019, an improvement of $166 million from the comparative prior year last 12-month period, reflecting the results of our improved cash management. The increase in net debt since December 31, 2019 was a result of the use of working capital of about $1.8 billion, plus the impact of FX on our cash and debt balances, which increased net debt by $120 million. Partially offsetting those increases was the free cash flow we generated during the first nine months of the year of $284 million. Over the past 12 months, our net debt is down $166 million, primarily driven by our excess free cash flow of approximately $500 million. Offsetting this was the reduction in operating capital during the past 12 months of approximately $230 million and the negative impact of FX, which totaled around $55 million. As for our debt ratios, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 3.1 times, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.4 times. And finally, moving to our historical returns on page 14. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 17.7%, while our return on equity was 37.7%, both reflecting the decline in operating results driven by the economic effects of the pandemic as well as the impact of repositioning charges we took back in the second quarter. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we’ve included several other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we’re going to ask the Operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. Understanding your earlier comments, John, about how this unprecedented lack of visibility in Q4, I’m curious if you can share with us I guess what color you do have, meaning how maybe the third quarter progressed in terms of the improvements that you saw, did you see stronger improvements in September versus the start of the quarter? And maybe any color you have in just what you’re seeing now in October, just to give us a little bit of idea how we can position ourselves or take a look for Q4?
John Wren: Sure. Well, Lexi, as you know, if this was a normal year, we’d be talking about the project spend that normally occurs in the fourth quarter, which we generally estimate to be $200 million to $250 million. So, COVID or no COVID, that still exists in terms of whether the companies will come up with projects to promote their brands. More specifically, we don’t have October numbers yet, but I expect October to be probably the strongest month in the quarter, unless we do see that project business flow in, in the last six weeks of the year, and that will have a lot to do with things that are out of our control. I don’t have any clues to how Christmas is going to work out. There’s closures that you’re starting to see in Western Europe, these partial closures. And at least the United States that stayed state open for the most part. But cases are going up. So, there’s a lot of unknowns far more than we have in typical periods. You can rest assured that we won’t need $1 on the table, and all of our people are out there trying to help their clients because comments that I made earlier in my prepared remarks, brands are even more important than they ever were. I think, the one other change that we’ve seen during this entire period is people are using shopping list for the first time. They’re not just browsing around and buying things randomly. They typically know what they want to buy before they go out and buy it. So, we’re in that kind of period. I can assure you that every one of our agency leaders is looking at their business every single day. And we have alternative plan, both for growth and for some bumps in the road that we may hit. But, we think the second quarter was the worst quarter. We saw improvement in the third, and we’re hoping for a similar improvement in the fourth. I don’t know, Phil, do you want to add?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. In terms of the third quarter or the reference perhaps to a trend as far as months go, we didn’t -- I would just say, we didn’t really see a trend necessarily that would be meaningful. We typically don’t find them because of the way monthly results are different than the quarterly process. So, I don’t think there’s anything we can interpret from the trend in the third quarter that we would project for the fourth quarter.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thank you. And just one follow-up question. John, in your opening comments, you talked about the accelerated shift to e-commerce and digital in general and the crisis and how you guys reacted to that change in spending behavior. I’m curious if you take a step back, is this shift, this accelerated shift, a positive for your business versus the more traditional way?
John Wren: We believe it is. At the core, digital spending has crossed, I think, 50% at this point for media or very close to it. And complexity is actually our friend. The more complex the transaction is -- we’re executing the transaction, the better it is for our businesses and the way we’re positioned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have one for Phil, and then one for John. So, Phil, could you just -- on the improvement in third-party service costs, the improvement was about $200 million versus 2Q. Can you give us a sense of I guess what activities helped I guess improve whatever revenues retires third-party service costs? Because I assume events are relatively nonexistent. And then, John, back to Alexia’s second question. I know you’ve been repositioning the Company for several years now to take advantage of these shifts. But, given the acceleration you’re seeing right now, does this speed up your need to maybe dispose of more assets and maybe go on more of an acquiring spree to kind of get ready, or do you think you have the assets you have in place now and the house is built way you thought it would be?
John Wren: Phil, do you want to go first?
Phil Angelastro: I’ll go first. So, as far as the third-party service costs and improvements versus Q2, one thing to keep in mind, Q2 is a much bigger quarter than Q3. So, on top of the impacts of the pandemic, here, we’re dealing with a much bigger base as well. So, we did see some improvements. I think, certainly, the numbers would be consistent with your assumption that there wasn’t a heck of a lot of improvement in the event space. Certainly, there was a similar reduction in third-party service costs in our events businesses. And I think, the rest of the businesses feel forced. Certainly, they were down quite a bit, but there was an improvement Q3 versus Q2. The principal media activity that we have, certainly, there was an improvement versus Q2. And then, general out-of-pocket costs, which are required by GAAP to put in our revenue, those are down in a consistent way, travel and entertainment, those types of costs, which are reimbursed, those trends were consistent. So, a little bit of improvement just because of the size of the quarter is smaller in Q3 versus Q2. But, I think, the trends in some of those businesses continue to be negative, like events and the trends and others. They did show some improvement as clients and activity and spend improved.
John Wren: And I’m not trying to be cute, but for those of you who know me, you know that I’ve never been satisfied, that we’re always constantly reviewing our operations and seeing how we can improve them. But, on a serious note, we’re very happy with our portfolio. We continue to make investments in key areas and we continue to search for acquisitions in key areas, not because we think there are gaps, we just think there are things that we have to do to constantly improve our product. You’ve seen us spend -- focus our attention really in certain media areas, also in precision marketing. Those are the main focuses at the moment in terms of our outside acquisitions, type of activities and searches. But, there’s no gaping holes from my perspective in the portfolio. The event businesses that we have, when events are allowed again, will come back. They’re very strong businesses and very well led. So, that’s just pain that we have to incur for the moment. But, there’s nothing terribly difficult there. The other thing I should add is -- so, I think, we’ve been very consistent over the years, is Phil and myself and the management team, whenever we go through the planning process, which is about to really start in earnest, we’re constantly looking not only at the immediate or next 12-month performance in a particular business, but what we anticipate that business will be contributing three, four, five years out from when we’re looking at it. And those are the businesses that we consider for the most serious change. But, there’s nothing pressing, or on the horizon at the moment. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think, given some of the uncertainty over the last few months, we’ve gotten some questions about whether we need to continue to wait before we pursue certain acquisitions, et cetera. But, we aren’t -- I’d say, we aren’t constrained in terms of holding back from looking at good candidates, businesses that fit our strategy, and we think would add to the growth profile. So, we’re actively pursuing opportunities and there is certainly some opportunities that are out there. And as John said, it’s a continual part of our process as we head into the 2021 planning process. We’re going to reevaluate the assets in the portfolio, as we always do. And if we need to make some changes or take advantage of some opportunities as it relates to dispositions, I think, we’re going to do that in a prudent way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: I’ll attempt four, but they’re all with quick answers for Phil on numbers. You said that media did improve. A lot of other agencies are now giving us media. IPG said media was positive in Q3. So, can you give us more color on media? Maybe a multiple choice question. Was it down 10-15, 5 to 10, 0 to 5 or positive in Q3? That’s the first question. The second one is on cost, down 9.7% or $907 million year-to-date. Guidance for the full year, should we think about an absolute number, so an extra 300, 400 in Q4, or shall we think about Q4 as margin and then call on margin? That’s number two. And number three, how much of your annual savings will be permanent, both IPG, and you gave us a number already. And the last one is percentage of your revenue coming from consumer experience in e-commerce, preferably two separate numbers. But, I’d take one run a number because John said that was good growth future, but it’s hidden in the Company. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. If I leave anything out, just feel free to remind me. But, as far as improvement in media business, yes, clearly, improvement versus Q2, no question. I think, I would tell you that the performance was better than the overall average. But, I would say, not substantially better, but better than the overall average and significantly better than the performance in Q2. In terms of the cost base, the actions we took, the results that we saw in Q3 and what that means for Q4, I think, I would describe our expectations for Q4 similar to where we were on our Q2 call, which is we expect to get back to 2019 margins as kind of a good proxy for Q4. We’re going to continue to focus on managing the EBIT dollars and the operating income, which is what we did in Q3. To the extent we do better, we do better, that would be great. But, I think our expectations are that we will be able to get back to margins in Q4 of 2019 as a good proxy. I think our agencies have done a very good job in realigning the cost base with current revenue position. As John mentioned, yes, the Q4 visibility is not exactly very good at the moment. And there is always some uncertainty regarding project work and year-end spend. That’s certainly the case. This year, we’re not -- we’re probably not as optimistic that that will come through as we were at this time last year. So, that’s how we’re thinking about the cost base. In terms of permanent savings, we probably look at a little bit different than others. We’ve taken quite a bit of action. We believe we’ve done the right thing to realign the cost base. We think some of that is going to be permanent. We took out a 1,000 -- we took out over 1 million square feet in real estate. We think that’s going to be permanent. But, it’s hard to say how much of the other costs are going to be permanent, because in reality, when we get back into growth mode, hopefully, sooner rather than later, we’re going to welcome most of the costs that have come out of the P&L back because most of those costs are variable. The salary and service costs are going to come back because the people are going to come back, some of the actionable addressable spend categories are going to come back as well. We’re going to manage them very closely. So, I think, we’re managing the EBITDAs very closely, as you saw, based on our Q3 results. There’s definitely going to be some portion of those costs that are going to be permanent. We’re not kind of thrown out of bogey of $50 million or $100 million or $150 million and saying, yes, that’s the permanent number because there is too many things that are going to happen between now and when the business is back to normal or back to growth mode, that could change. And we’re going to change our approach to how we manage those costs based on the facts and circumstances. As far as consumer experience and/or e-commerce, I think, what we call precision marketing, certainly is a key part of the portfolio, has been, and we continue to invest in it. It’s in a range of, say, 7.5% to 10% of the business. Its performance has been very good. It’s cycling a couple of client losses. But otherwise, the vast majority of that portfolio has been growing in this environment, and we’re pleased with their performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Ben Swinburne, please go ahead. Okay. We’ll move on. We’ll go to the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: My question is on account moves. John, you named several. I guess, normally, during a slowdown or a downturn, you don’t typically see a whole lot, but it sounds like there’s quite a bit going. I was just wondering you could comment a bit more on account activity, your position, any notable accounts to be aware of that has moved or that could move, either to or from you? And also, sort of the scope of work that you’re offering to them, if the demands are rising, I would assume to more of this precision marketing that you’ve been talking about quite a bit. Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. You’re absolutely correct. Normally, in periods like this, we’d expect new business activity to be relatively slow. But, what we found since the second quarter, there has been quite a bit of activity. And most of it’s been pitched remotely, which is, again, if you’d ask me in January if this is possible, I’d probably say no. There are always going to be accounts that move. It’s just the nature of our business. Each one of our competitors is keenly aware of that as we are. But, at the moment, I’m not aware of any sizable moves or accounts that are either an opportunity, which will change our course, or a risk that will change our course.
Tim Nollen: And, in terms of the type of activities that the clients are looking for, is it more broadly based more of the precision marketing, I think, focused on the other areas?
John Wren: Yes. I think, Phil made the point on -- we’re seeing activity throughout the home marketing funnel, but for certain precision marketing and moving product off shelves or product through the online distributions that exist, that’s where there’s been a great deal of focus during this period of time. And that’s where we’ve seen the growth. We’ve also seen significant growth in new business activity in the health care sector, which has been positive, especially when you take out the pass-through costs since the beginning of COVID. And our technology clients are spending more money and offering new products to the marketplace, being very supportive of their products. So, the trends are really consistent with what we’ve talked about industry by industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: John, just maybe going back to your answer to Alexia’s question, it sounded like you think or hope that fourth quarter improvement versus Q3 would be similar to Q3 to Q2, maybe excluding projects. I just wanted to make sure we heard you right. And could you guys remind us how big the project business typically is or just a range for Q4? And should we be seeing that decline, whatever it is, show up in those third-party service costs? I just wanted to better understand the kind of puts and takes around projects for Q4.
John Wren: Typically, and I think we can check the transcripts, I don’t expect the improvement -- the sequential improvement that we saw from the second quarter to the third quarter, I don’t see it continuing at that pace in the fourth quarter because of all the new uncertainties that are out there. And our concerns really are based with really what happened. You got hit with this in March. Businesses were starting to open and back up pretty much in most markets by the end of June, beginning of July, and they’ve stayed open through the third week of October. I don’t know and I can’t predict what’s going to happen or the impact of this sudden explosion of cases that we’re seeing just in the last week or two. I don’t think governments are going to close down fully, but I do think there’ll be a new pack. Having said that, I’ll go back to what I always said, and this probably in every fourth quarter transcript for the last decade. Typically, the project spend that we’ve seen in the past is between $200 million, $250 million. That’s a rough estimate. In the 25 years that I’ve been CEO, the only time that I didn’t see it come through is after the Great Recession. So, we don’t know. I don’t think anybody can predict what’s going to happen with respect to that. And a lot of our pass-through costs, especially when you get into this period, in the fourth quarter, had to do with events and promotions that people are spending between now and the end of the year. So, I don’t have a clear prediction of what the impact is going to be, but there is going to be an impact.
Phil Angelastro: One clarifying point, though, Ben, when we talk about year-end project spend or project work that we’ve historically seen, it’s project work across the board. It’s across all of our disciplines. All of our agencies are out there working with their clients to ensure that they get what they need from a service perspective through the end of the year, through the end of the holiday season. It isn’t simply project work in the context of events and the event business or field marketing and people out in the stores. It’s all disciplines and all agencies.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. Makes sense. And John, can I just follow up on an unrelated topic. I’m sure you’ve been impressed with the Company’s performance during this period, everyone’s got to work remote. When you think longer term, what do you think the Company gains from the flexibility that comes from a remote workforce? And are there any things you think you lose or there’s risk around this working in this way in a business that obviously culture is really important to your success. I’m just wondering how you’re thinking about that now that we’re six, seven months into this.
John Wren: Sure. Well, I fundamentally believe that we will come back to the office. And we’re in constant communications with our employees as to when it’s safe to do that and where it’s safe to do that. Places like China, we’re already 100% back, other markets in Asia, more so than Western Europe, which was on the rise but is slowing down again, and in the United States. So, that’s number one. Number two, what I believe is going to occur post COVID is we’ve learned that things that we didn’t think we could do remotely, we actually can. So, as you look forward, and we’re studying it right now at the workforce, you don’t know -- I don’t believe they need every single function that I have, say in New York City, in New York City. Some of those can be moved to lower cost areas as we move forward, but there’s no immediate plans to accomplish that. The other thing that I am afraid of and we take lot of times talking about that is people’s mental health, as you’ve had to stay out of the office, because it hasn’t been safe naturally to come back, it puts different people in different positions, have deal with stress differently. And so, we’re constantly asking our human resource people to come up with programs and ways that we can help and assist our employee base to guide them through the situation that we’re currently in. Culture, I think, because we will come back to the office, I think we haven’t really lost much there as of yet. And finally, and circling back a little bit here, even though they come back to the offices that they were formally and may not have to come back five days a week. You may have a far more agile and flexible workforce as we go forward into the future. I don’t know if that covers all the points that you had.
Ben Swinburne: No. That’s helpful. Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: I had a quick follow-up and a housekeeping. Just going back to M&A, is this the type of environment where assets are more available, actually, or do you think sellers are looking to wait for the recovery? And then, on the cost side, Phil, as we think out to next year, can you call out the size of the wages being restored at the end of this year? And can you also remind us on the size of the field marketing business? Thank you.
John Wren: In terms of acquisitions, there will be opportunities, because people find themselves in different positions in terms of liquidity and therefore, have to take different actions. So, we’re constantly looking in the areas that we remain focused in. We’re also willing to make investments as we have in the past in terms of starting things to support platforms that we care the most about. The good news for us is, and I think Phil mentioned it earlier, we’ve focused very early on in terms of our liquidity and our ability to conduct our business in a way that we want to uninterrupted as possible. So, if a good acquisition comes up, we’re ready to execute on it.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. In terms of your other questions, I’ll start with the last one first. So, field marketing for us is probably averages around 2% to less than 3% of our revenue in terms of the size of that business or those businesses. And if you could just repeat the kind of the middle question?
John Janedis: Yes. Okay. I think, you had said that the wage or the voluntary wage reductions were going to be restored at the end of the year. And so, as I’m picking out to next year, I was hoping you could just size that -- the amount of that, the wages that come back?
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, there’s a few wage reductions in terms of voluntary salary reductions, I assume, is what you’re focused on. The size of any potential benefit of that in the fourth quarter is minimal in terms of what’s in the forecast for now. Most have been -- most of those reductions have been restored as of September 30th. There are still some that will go through the end of the year, as of now, including a small number of senior management at Omnicom. And I think, in terms of the numbers, it’s just not very meaningful and won’t have a meaningful contribution on Q4. That hopefully is responsive to your ask.
John Janedis: Yes. That’s helpful. Thank you.
John Wren: I think, we might have time for one more question, operator, as the market is about to open.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Maybe first, Phil, I was wondering if you could quantify the value of the 1 million square foot of real estate savings that you’ve got. And then, John, you talked about the Board maybe taking up the buyback issue at its next meeting in December. You’re a Chairman of the Board. So, I was just wondering kind of what you’re thinking in terms of the health of the balance sheet and what you need to see in the marketplace before you might return to the market. Thank you.
John Wren: Do you want to go first, Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Sure. Yes. I mean, in terms of the real estate, I think, the way we think about it is, it’s -- the actions we took were in a number of places, covered a number of different markets. If you want to estimate 40 to 50 feet -- $40 to $50 a foot, that’s probably a decent estimate. I don’t think we’ve got a more precise number than that. But, I think that’s a meaningful and good guide. And then, in terms of balance sheet and buybacks, John…
John Wren: Yes. Our number one focus when looking at all of this is maintaining our investment-grade rating. So, that will govern a lot of the conversation in terms of when we restart our share repurchase program. Also, dividends are our main focus; acquisitions, where they’re possible is the second place we allocate capital; and finally, we use excess cash, if we determine to have excess cash, to start repurchasing shares again. So, it’s a complex conversation. But, as I said, dividends are number one, acquisitions will be two, and share repurchases will be the last. So, the good news is, we’re putting it on the agenda to at least start the conversation.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, with the Board meeting have coming up in December.
Shub Mukherjee: Thank you all for taking the time to join us today. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: …Abrupt start …and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before I start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out, that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then, we will open the line for your questions. 
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I hope everyone on the call is staying safe and healthy. I’m pleased to speak to you about our second quarter 2020 results. The quarter posed extraordinary challenges and our management team responded with the focus on our people, our clients and our business.  The effects of COVID and related lockdowns were unprecedented. Additionally, communities around the world felt the weight of the act of racism in the United States and the protests that resulted from them. During this difficult times, the health and the safety our people remained our top priority. And we are committed to providing the support they need. In the midst of these events, and with the substantial majority of our staff continuing to work from home, we delivered outstanding work for our clients and had several key new business wins. This speaks to the resiliency of our people and our clients more than ever are seeking our creativity, partnership and support to develop responses for their recovery and growth plans as we operate in a new norm.  The financial impact of COVID and stay-at-home orders was significant during the quarter; with few exceptions the effects were broad-based across disciplines industries and geographies. Negative organic growth reduced our revenue by 23% which includes the decline in our third-party service costs. As you may or may not know our organic growth is based upon reported revenue and is therefore not comparable to the organic growth or other financial calculations reported by our competitors, which are based upon net revenue. The sub disciplines that were most negatively impacted by COVID were events, field marketing and merchandising and media, a majority of the revenue decline from these businesses is the result of the reduction in third-party service costs incurred when performing services for our clients when we act as principal. Phil will discuss our second quarter revenue performance in more detail during his remarks. In response to the decline in spend by our clients, we took very difficult and permanent actions during the quarter to reduce our costs and preserve the strength of our business. They included aligning our staff levels agency by agency with client demand for our services, reducing our real estate in line with headcount and begin to prepare for changes in how we use space in the future. And investing several small non-cores and underperforming businesses. Regrettably, we had to reduce our employees by 6,100 people. We also shed over a 1 million square feet of space. These actions resulted in repositioning costs for the quarter of $278 million which are expected to generate approximately $500 million in annualized savings. In addition, we took numerous temporary actions to reduce our costs beginning late in the first quarter and in the second quarter. To preserve jobs where possible, we participated in government wage subsidy programs across 35 markets. We froze new hires and salary increases. We significantly reduced or eliminated the use of freelances. We cut discretionary costs and capital expenditures wherever possible and took voluntary pay cuts across our corporate groups, as well as our network and agencies. Overall, these costs will in part offset the decline in revenue we expect will continue in the second half of the year. Excluding the impact of the repositioning costs, our second quarter operating profit declined by approximately 40% to $340 million and our operating margin was 12.2%. Net income for the quarter was $199 million and EPS was down 45.2% year-over-year to $0.92 per share. Our free cash flow for the first half of the year was $724 million and we paid over $282 million in dividends to our shareholders. As we stated last quarter, we have stopped our share repurchases. Our liquidity and balance sheet remain extremely strong. As of June 30th, we had nearly $3.3 billion in cash. We also have $2.9 billion in available revolving credit facilities and our nearest long time notes are not due until May 2022. Importantly, the underlying fundamentals of our business are solid. COVID has rapidly changed consumer behavior and many of our clients have in turn fast track their digital transformation initiatives. We are very well prepared to advise and serve our clients in managing this change. Over the past several years, we have made significant investments to enhance our capability in digital transformation services, data-driven solutions and customer-centric offerings. We have leveraged these investments to deliver seamless solutions for our clients across brand building, CRM, media, e-commerce and performance marketing. And it has resulted in several recent client wins. Just yesterday, we further expanded our capabilities in these areas through the acquisition of BMW Group in the UK. BMW will become part of Credera which offers management consulting, digital transformation and marketing technology implementation services. We acquired Credera in 2018 and since then it has rapidly expanded its client relationships and integrated with many Omnicom companies. The company will now further extend its capabilities into Europe. We look forward to continuing to invest and grow the company into a top-tier consulting and marketing technology arm for Omnicom. Our most critical investment is in our people and I'm pleased to report the last week we named two exceptional internal candidates to lead DDB worldwide. Marty O'Halloran was named Global Chief Executor of DDB worldwide. Most recently Marty served as Chairman and CEO of DDB Australia and New Zealand. Marty will be partnering with Justin Thomas-Copeland, who is promoted to CEO of DDB North America region, Justin is widely regarded as a disruptive leader in data and analytics with a passion for creativity and is a pioneer in connecting creative ideas with insights in customer experiences that effectively drive outcomes for clients. Both Marty and Justin are well known within Omnicom as transformative leaders and I'm confident that DDB is well positioned for success with them at the helm. Chuck Brymer did an exceptional job as the interim CEO in the midst of this crisis. He will now return to his role as Chairman of DDB Worldwide and will support Marty and Justin in their new roles. These changes once again demonstrate we have a deep bench of capable leaders within Omnicom, which is a direct result of our focus on developing exceptional and diverse talent. As we move forward into the second half of the year, we will continue to navigate through the impact of COVID across markets. Throughout the quarter and into July as many markets around the world ended lockdowns, and we reopened several of our offices in parts of Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East and the U.S following a carefully plan process and phase re-entry approach. While we are pleased with these reopening, we recognize that some of our staff will continue to work for home for a considerable longer period of time. We are fortunate that we have the capabilities and technology that allow our people to service clients from home, while doing our part to stop the spread of COVID. Our people's ability to work effectively from anywhere demonstrated by our recent new business success and the industry accolades we received over the past few months. In July Peugeot chose Omnicom's open which is an acronym for Omnicom for Peugeot engine as its new agency of record, following a successful virtual pitch, creative precision marketing and strategy teams from across 17 different markets put together the winning proposal. It was an outstanding team effort and demonstrated our ability in this new virtual world to bring together the best marketing intelligence, communication strategy, creativity and technology for our clients. In June. Air France selected Omnicom's dedicated agency called Aura as its creative and media agency of record. The win was also the result of a collaborative effort of agencies including TBWA, Omnicom Media Group, decision marketing and EG plus. In addition, play station assigned EG plus. Its global production account and Clorox consolidated its U.S media business with OMD. These are just a handful of the wins during the quarter. We've also seen our agency's collaboration and ingenuity recognized in industry awards campaign named Adam and Eve DDB agency of the year for the sixth year in a row and manning got leave OMD one media agency of the year. During 2020 ADC awards, TBWA was named network of the year for the second year in a row. BBDL was named Cairns line's first ever network of the decade, for agency of the decade, BBBO took the title in Latin America, Adam and Eve won it for Europe and Colenso BBDO in the Pacific region.  Finally Marina Mar Communications was named agency of the decade by provoke. I want to congratulate and thank our teams for their new business wins and the industry recognition. As I mentioned when I opened, we are grappling with the recent acts of racism and violence that have called to light the inequalities and injustices experienced by black and diverse communities around the world. Since the formation of Omnicom, diversity, equity and inclusion have been a part of our core values. We do not tolerate racism or discrimination in any form against any person. Our DE&I strategy aims to create supportive environments and is led by the Omnicom People Engagement Network or OPEN. OPEN provides structure counsel and visibility to our DE&I initiatives and policies throughout our organization. Over the last decade, our Chief Diversity Officer and the OPEN leadership teams have made tremendous progress and brought significant changes to Omnicom and our agencies. During these difficult times, they've also led discussions on what more we can do to support our black colleagues and people of color. These discussions played a key role in the development of OPEN 2.0, a strategic framework that will strengthen and expand our DE&I initiatives and advance the OPEN tenants of culture and collaboration clients and community. OPEN 2.0 will be launched in the third quarter and will establish specific action items across our group to drive increased representation and retention of all people of color. The degree of success of OPEN 2.0 will be measured in the aggregate across all Omnicom agencies and will be an important factor in the compensation of the executive offices of Omnicom and the CEOs of our networks and practice areas. OPEN 2.0 will build upon the base we already created at Omnicom, accelerate our progress and ground us in accountability. We look forward to updating you on these efforts and sharing additional details moving forward. Before turning the call over to Phil for a more in-depth look at the numbers, let me provide some context of our expectations for the second half of the year. Overall, visibility has improved in the past couple of months, but remains low as we and our clients consider the continuing effects of COVID across markets including the possibility of second waves, the effects and timing of government stimulus programs, changes in consumer habits and spending and the overall rate of economic recovery. With that in mind, our agencies have developed their second half plans based upon these and other important factors such as the health and safety of our people, the services they provide and the client industries they serve. A key part of their plans is having contingency actions that are dependent on how the situation evolves in their local markets. That said and based upon current marketing conditions, we think the worst is behind us with Q2 being the low point for year-over-year revenue declines in 2020. Over the second half, we expect our performance to vary by geography depending on how effective local governments have responded to COVID and in turn in reopening their economies. Additionally, we expect some industries that have been hit the hardest such as travel and entertainment, as well as our event businesses will likely continue to be challenged. While other industries such as retail, food, beverage orders as well as our media buying business will likely see improvements. As a result of the repositioning actions we took in Q2 and with continuing but lower benefit from our temporary cost actions, we expect our margins in Q3 and Q4 to be approximately in line with those in the prior year. In closing, we remain confident that we will weather this period and emerge a stronger organization. I want to thank our people for their tireless efforts, dedication and commitment. And our clients for their partnership and confidence during these truly unprecedented times. Let me now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks John and good morning. As John said since the outset of the pandemic, our leadership teams across our networks practice areas and agencies have been focused on aligning our cost structure and business model with the changes impacting us and our clients around the globe. This required our agencies and their client service teams to focus their efforts on delivering meaningful insights and solutions to help our clients prepare for and respond to a rapidly changing consumer landscape. Although, we faced an unprecedented business environment this quarter and the near-term outlook continues to include quite a bit of uncertainty, we believe the actions our agencies have taken to date will allow us to weather the current environment and emerges a stronger organization. Throughout the second quarter, we took numerous actions to align our operations in response to changes in client demand. They included severance actions to reduce employee headcount, which resulted in an incremental charge of $150 million. Real estate lease impairments, terminations and related fixed asset charges of $103 million that will allow us more flexibility to match our headcount and anticipated changes in the use of space, as well as the disposition of several small non-core underperforming agencies, which resulted in a loss of approximately $25 million. In the quarter, these repositioning charges totaled $278 million which reduced our net income by $233 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.03. We've presented 2020 results to also separately show the impact of the repositioning charges and disposition actions. The non-GAAP adjusted results on slides 5 through 8 show how our underlying business performed year-on-year on a more comparable basis. I will detail the impact of the projected future benefits of these actions in a few minutes. During the second quarter, we also continue to take proactive steps to strengthen our liquidity and financial position. These actions serve to provide additional liquidity insurance as we move forward. On April 1st, we issued $600 million of 10-year 4.2% senior notes which will mature in June 2030. Also in April, we entered into a $400 million 364-day revolving credit facility. The 364-day facility is in addition to our existing $2.5 billion revolving credit facility that we renewed in the first quarter of 2020 for an additional five years. We have not drawn down on either facility in 2020. We closed the quarter with $3.28 billion in cash and during Q2 in a difficult operating environment; we generated over $330 million for positive working capital. The actions we've taken throughout the year as well as the fact that we have no long-term debt maturing until May of 2022, we believe leaves us well positioned to manage our liquidity and ongoing capital requirements. Turning to the actual results slide for the second quarter, organic revenue performance was negative $855 million or 23% for the quarter. The decrease was unprecedented and we experienced declines across all markets and disciplines except for our specialty health care businesses. The impact of foreign exchange rates reduced our revenue by 1.7% in the quarter, a little less negative than we estimated on our February earnings call. And since almost all of our Q2, 2020 disposition activity took place towards the end of the quarter; the net impact from dispositions and acquisitions was only slightly negative in the quarter. As a result, our reported revenue in the second quarter decreased 24.7% to $2.8 billion when compared to Q2 of 2019. I'll discuss the components of the changes in revenue in further detail in a few minutes. Turning to slide 6, our reported operating profit for the quarter included the impact of the $278 million of repositioning charges and the loss of dispositions was $62.5 million. Excluding the impact of those charges, our non-GAAP adjusted operating profit or EBIT was $340.4 million. That resulted in an operating margin for the quarter of 12.2%, down from our Q2, 2019 operating margin of 15.4%.  We estimate that the severance and real estate actions taken in the second quarter will generate approximately $230 million in savings over the second half of 2020. We also expect to generate additional savings in excess of $75 million in the second half of 2020, compared to the second half of 2019 from reductions and discretionary costs.  On slide 3 of our investor presentation, we presented the details of our operating expenses. Our salary and service costs are variable and fluctuate with revenue. Salary and related service costs declined by $235 million in the quarter. Third-party service costs which include expenses incurred with third-party vendors when we act as a principal when performing services for our clients primarily related to our events, field marketing and merchandising and media businesses. They declined by almost $400 million in the quarter. Occupancy and other costs which are less linked to changes in revenue declined by approximately $25 million and SG&A expenses also declined by approximately $25 million in the quarter. As we move forward through the second half of 2020, we will continue to actively manage our costs to ensure they align with our revenues. Net interest expense for the quarter was $47.2 million, down $3 million versus Q of last year and up $1.4 million compared to Q1 of 2020. When compared to Q2 of 2019, our gross interest expense was down $12.9 million resulting from several debt refinancing actions over the past 12 months. These actions included the issuance in July of 2019 EUR 1 billion aggregate of euro bonds due in 2027 and 2031, which resulted in net proceeds of $1.1 billion at an average rate of 1.23%. The retirement of our $500 million of 6.25% 2019 senior notes also in Q3 of 2019. The early redemption of our $1 billion 4.45% 2020 senior notes which was done in two steps. Part in Q3 of 2019 and the remainder in the first quarter of 2020. The issuance of $600 million of 10 -year 2.45% senior notes during the first quarter of 2020 used to redeem the balance of our 2020 notes which were due in Q3 and the issuance of an additional $600 million of 10-year 4.2% senior notes in early April. As a result of these actions, our long-term debt is comprised of $4.6 billion in dollar denominated debt and EUR 1 billion in euro-denominated debt. These actions have decreased the effective interest rate on our senior debt by over 100 basis points for Q2, 2020 when compared to Q2 of 2019. They've also allowed us to reduce our commercial paper and other short-term financing activities further reducing our interest expense when compared to last year. This reduction was offset by a decrease in interest income of $9.9 million versus Q2 of 2019. While our average cash on hand balance during the quarter was higher than it was last year, interest rates were lower resulting in a decrease in interest income. When compared to the first quarter of 2020 interest expense decreased $4.8 million, driven by the incremental charges to interest expense incurred in Q1 for the early redemption of the 2020 notes. And interest income was down $6.2 million, again primarily due to a decrease in rates. For the remainder of the year, we expect that our refinancing activity in 2019 and 2020 will more than offset the increase in interest expense from the issuance of the 4.2% notes in April of 2020. We believe adding this additional liquidity while maintaining our interest expense levels was a prudent step to take. We expect net interest expense in Q3, 2020 to be approximately flat with Q3 of 2019. We expect net interest expense to increase in Q4 of 2020 by approximately $10 million compared to Q4 of 2019, primarily due to an estimated reduction in interest income. Our effective tax rate for the six months ended June 30th, 2020 increased to 30.6% from 25.7% for the comparable period in 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to the non-deductibility in certain jurisdictions of both proportion of the repositioning costs and loss on dispositions. Excluding the impact of these items, the effective rate for the six months ended June 30th, 2020 was approximately 26%, which was in line with our expectations. For reference purposes, the prior period's income tax expense included a reduction of $10.8 million from the net favorable settlements of uncertain tax positions in certain jurisdictions. At this time excluding the impact of the non-deductible expenses and before considering the impact of the tax effect from our share based compensation, which is subject to changes in the value of Omnicom stock price, we are forecasting that our effective tax rate will be approximately 26.5% for the rest of the year. We recognize the loss of $7.8 million from our equity and affiliates in the quarter. The allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $13.6 million to $9.8 million, reflective of the decreased performance during the quarter. So for the quarter including the impact of the repositioning actions and the loss on dispositions described earlier which totaled $223.1 million during the period. We reported a net loss of $24.2 million. Excluding these items, our non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $198.9 million. Our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 2.5% versus Q2 of last year to 215.4 million shares resulting from sharer purchases over the past 12-months prior to the suspension of share repurchases in mid-March. Our reported EPS for the quarter reflecting the net impact of our repositioning actions and loss on our disposition activity was a $0.11 loss per share. The impact of the repositioning items and the loss from dispositions reduced our diluted EPS by $1.03 per share. As a result, our non-GAAP diluted EPS for the quarter excluding the impact of those items would have been $0.92 per share. On Slide 2, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. We've also provided the non-GAAP adjusted presentation for the six month results on slide 7 and 8 which excludes the second quarter items that we identified. Since the changes in the year-to-date results versus the prior period are almost entirely driven by the activities that we discussed from the second quarter, I won't review the year-to-date slides in detail. Returning to the details of our revenue performance on slide 9. Overall while we have a diversified portfolio of clients, disciplines and service offerings, as well as geographies that we operate in, demand for our services declined as marketers reduced expenditures in the short term due to the impact of the pandemic and related lockdowns. Our reported revenue for the second quarter was $2.8 billion down $854 million organically or 23% from Q2, 2019. Certain client sectors were affected more significantly than others as you can see on slide 14.  Our clients in industries such as travel, lodging and entertainment, energy, non-essential retail and the auto industry sought to cut their costs quickly in Q2 including postponing and/or reducing their marketing communication expenditures. While clients in certain other industries such as healthcare and pharmaceuticals, technology and telecommunications have fared somewhat better to date. The disciplines that were most negatively impacted were CRM consumer experience primarily due to our events businesses, advertising primarily due to some of our media businesses and CRM execution and support primarily due to our field marketing and merchandising businesses. The majority of the revenue decline in these businesses is the result of reductions in third-party service costs incurred when providing services for our clients when we act as a principal. These third-party service costs which fluctuate directly with changes in revenue decline by approximately $400 million in Q2 of 2020 versus Q2 of 2019. Turning to the FX impact. On a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollars continuing strength again created a headwind in our reported revenue. The impact of changes in exchange rates decreased reported revenue by 1.7% or $62 million in revenue for the quarter and continuing with the recent pattern the strengthening was widespread. The dollar strengthened against practically every major foreign currency. In the quarter, only the Japanese yen strengthened against the dollar. The largest FX movements in the quarter were from the UK pound and the Brazilian real. As for a projection of the FX impact for the remainder of the year, if currencies stay where they currently are for the balance of 2020, the negative impact of FX may moderate during the final two quarters of the year. To be flat year-on-year in Q3 and slightly negative by less than 50 basis points in Q4 resulting in a negative impact of around 1% for the full year. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by 1/10 of 1% which was in line with the estimate we made entering the quarter. Since our Q2 2020 disposition activity took place towards the end of the quarter, there was little impact from that activity on our Q2 revenues. Inclusive of the disposition activity through June 30th and not including any acquisitions or dispositions, we may complete later this year, we estimate the projected net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity will reduce reported revenue by approximately 50 basis points in the second half of 2020. And finally, our organic revenue decreased approximately $850 million or 23% in the second quarter when compared to the prior year. As I previously mentioned, our revenue is down across all major geographic markets with the percentage decreases in organic revenue in the US and in Asia Pacific being a little less negative than the rest of our regions. Within our service disciplines, our health care agencies continue to see an increase in activity, primarily here in the U.S and in Asia resulting in organic revenue growth within the discipline. While our CRM disciplines, particularly our events and field marketing businesses and our advertising discipline particularly in some of our media businesses saw significant declines, primarily from reductions in third party service costs. Turning to our mix of business by discipline. For the second quarter, the split was 54% for advertising and 46% for marketing services. As for the organic change by discipline, our advertising, CRM consumer experience and CRM execution and support disciplines were all down between 25% to 30%. PR was down about 14% and our health care businesses were up 3.2% organically. Both of these disciplines were positively impacted by continued spend by our former clients and negatively impacted by the reduction in client events that they help execute. PR also benefited from demand for crisis management and communications and public affairs services. Now turning to the details of our regional mix of business. You can see during the quarter split was 57% in the US. 3% for the rest of North America, 9% in the UK; 16% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific; 2% for Latin America and the remainder for our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa. That mix is in line with what we saw by region in Q1 of 2020. In reviewing the details of our performance by region, organic revenue in the second quarter in the US was down $414 million or 20.7% with the largest decreases coming from our advertising, media and events businesses. As previously mentioned, our domestic health care businesses were positive organically for the quarter, while our precision marketing agencies though negative organically performed reasonably well considering the circumstances. Outside the U.S, our other North American agencies were down just under 30% or $35 million. Our UK agencies were down $85 million or 23.7%. The disciplines that had led to growth over the past several quarters in the market including advertising and health care perform relatively well with events, media and field marketing lagging. The rest of Europe was down nearly $200 million or 30% organically in the quarter. In the eurozone, most of our major markets including Germany, the Netherlands and Spain were down in excess of 20% and France was down over 40% as our events, field marketing and other CRM execution businesses were significantly impacted by the pandemic. Our performance outside the eurozone was somewhat better with organic revenue down about 23%. Organic revenue in Asia Pacific for the quarter was down about 18%. Our Greater China agencies were down just over 20% in the quarter, while our agencies in Australia, Japan and India did a bit better. Latin America was down 24% or $25 million organically in the quarter with weakness once again in Brazil. And lastly, the Middle East and Africa was negative again for the quarter, primarily resulting from the continued cancellation of events, as well as other reductions in client spend. Turning to our cash flow performance on slide 16. You can see that in the first six months of 2020, we generated almost $725 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital, down versus last year but a solid performance under the circumstances. As for our primary uses of cash on slide 17, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $283 million, up slightly versus last year due to the impact of the $0.05 per share increase in our quarterly dividend payment effective in April of last year. Partially offset by reduction in our outstanding common shares due to repurchase activity over the past year. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $35 million. Capital expenditures were $34 million, down versus the first six months of 2019 as we mentioned on the Q1 call, we are limiting our capital projects in the near term to only those deemed essential to our ongoing operations. Acquisitions including earnout payments totaled just under $26 million. On stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled just over $200 million. And again, reflect the suspension of our share repurchase program in mid-March. As a result of our heightened efforts to prudently manage the use of our cash, we were able to generate $143 million in free cash flow during the first six months of 2020.  Turning to our capital structure as of June 30th, our total debt was $5.72 billion, up $187 million since this time last year. And reflecting the debt restructuring activities we've completed over the past year. Over the past year, we retired $1.5 billion of dollar denominated senior notes, replacing those borrowings with $1.2 billion of 10-year senior notes due in 2030. And EUR 1 billion of euro denominated notes due in 2027 and 2031. Additionally, as you may remember the Q2, 2019 debt balance included EUR 520 million of short-term non-interest-bearing senior notes from a private placement to an investor outside the US. We repaid those notes in the third quarter last year versus December 31, 2019 gross debt at the end of the quarter was up $576 million, primarily due to the issuance of the $600 million in senior notes in April of this year. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.44 billion, up about $1.6 billion compared to year end December 31, 2019. The increase in net debt was a result of the use of working capital of about $1.6 billion which is typical of our working capital requirements during the first half of the year. Plus the negative impact of exchange rates on our cash and debt balances of $130 million. Partially offsetting those increases was the free cash flow we generated in the first half of the year of $143 million. Over the past 12-months, our net debt is down $190 million, primarily driven by our excess free cash flow of approximately $500 million. Offsetting this was the reduction in operating capital during the past 12- months of approximately $150 million. And the negative impact of the FX on our cash balances which totaled around $90 million. As for our debt ratios, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 3.1x. And our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.3x. As you will recall this past February, we amended and extended our five-year credit facility, in line with market standards, the credit facility was modified to increase the leverage ratio to 3.5x. And provide for add-backs for non-cash charges. For covenant purposes at the end of Q2, our leverage ratio was approximately 2.9x. As a reminder, our leverage calculation also reflects the incremental $600 million of senior notes we issued in early April of this year for the purpose of providing additional standby liquidity during the pandemic.  And finally moving to our historical returns. For the last 12-months our return on invested capital ratio is 17.8% while our return on equity was 38.9%, both reflecting the decline in operating results driven by the economic effects of the pandemic, as well as the repositioning charges we took this quarter. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we've included several other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
MichaelNathanson: Thanks so much. Phil, can you hear me? I appreciate your disclosure on the added third party service costs. And I guess I have a couple questions for you there. One is, are those essentially just pass-through costs where there are no profits generated by it? And why wouldn't you show that as a revenue item and then net it against the gross to and to get to net revenue. And then can you help me, I understand that third-party service costs and CRM expenditure that make sense. But what type of third-party service costs would there be in the advertising line. Thanks.
PhilAngelastro: Sure. In the context the COVID given the size of our overall cost decline in P&L. We thought it was meaningful to provide some additional details or the components of that cost decline. So we added third-party service cost line because they're directly linked to reductions in our revenue and for changes in client spend. So that drove the additional information. But from our perspective we don't pick and choose what cost to include or exclude from a hybrid or net revenue number or an EBIT number for that matter. So, while some of those costs might be directly passed through without any potential margin on them. There are components of those costs that ultimately are part of our overall business. So in the events business as an example, if we negotiate a bundled deal or bundled package for delivering event. And we act as a principal on that event. All those costs go in our P&L. And by definition there's some margin on the overall project. So it's built into the estimates of what those costs are going to be when we negotiate what the fee is going to be. We also think it's important that our managers are accountable for managing a full P&L. And the cost base rather than only the net numbers. And if you manage to a net number ultimately it can lead to some bad habits or bad decisions. For example, if certain costs are going to be excluded or netted out. And the managers of the business aren't accountable for them. Yes, there's a risk that those cost ultimately aren't managed and what you get over the long term is more of those costs because they're netted away and people aren't accountable for them. So we don't believe that the right approach is to kind of net those numbers take a portion of the P&L, set it aside and say you can ignore these costs. So that's why we've approached it that way. And we've laid out the fact that it's impacted three of our disciplines CRM execution and support, CRM consumer experience. And some of the media business and the advertising discipline also have some of those proprietary third party service costs.
MichaelNathanson: And then, Phil, just in media would that could be more on the trading line? Your media where basically you're taking a position in principal media and -- because I'm trying to figure out, I understand the event side of it, but I'm trying to figure out media side. What's third party? Is there anything you can help us with it?
PhilAngelastro: Yes. So if you take which we've talked about a number of times, the programmatic business, there are two alternatives in terms of how we approach the programmatic business. Those programmatic in the traditional sense handled as a traditional agency for the bulk of our media business. And then there's a bundled solution, if a client is focused on achieving a particular ROI or a particular metric. And this is true with a lot of performance marketers. They know what they're comfortable paying for whatever that metric might be. And they want to fix that cost, so if they fix that cost; they choose the bundled product, they opt into our bundled approach. We deliver that bundled media for fixed price. And the risk of delivering at that price better or worse we bear. So those costs end up in our P&L on a gross basis as opposed to a net basis when we act as an agent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
AlexiaQuadrani: Thank you very much. I'll start with some couple of questions. So first is can you isolate roughly what percentage of your business is events and field marketing? These segments that were essentially zero in the quarter, but really hit very hard I should say? I just want to get a rough idea of more comparable performances to your peers. And do you think they can return those businesses at least in some part or in some regions by the end of the year?
PhilAngelastro: Could you say that last part again, Alexia?
AlexiaQuadrani: Just curious if you're anticipating any of the events business or field marketing businesses coming back at least in part or in some regions by the end of the year?
PhilAngelastro: I think when it comes to events; I don't think we anticipate any meaningful turnaround in the second half with that business in particular. I think there's still an awful lot of uncertainty even with respect to live sports as to what's going to come back and how long it's going to stay back and what it's going to look like. So events have tied into live sports a lot of times. How the pandemic's going to play down and or play out and when governments are going to open up to the point that large gatherings will be back again. We just don't, we just don't know. And we're not anticipating in the second half that there's going to be a meaningful rebound I guess, I'd describe it that way. And then with respect to the field marketing business and the events business, field marketing and merchandising is probably half or a little more -- probably more than half of the CRM execution and support. Discipline and the events business, it really depends on which year in particular you're looking at. In the current environment events are probably in the neighborhood of I'd say broadly to 20% to 30% of the CRM consumer experience discipline.
JohnWren: The only caveat I put that, Alexia, is in the case of the Olympics which was postponed. Clients were major sponsors who had stopped work when the Olympics got moved. We will start commencing, planning and doing some other work at the end of the third quarter or the beginning of the fourth quarter. Then in very, only a couple of instances we have clients that have people who've been trained on those clients for an extensive period of time. And the talent is very hard to find. And the clients continue to pass to make sure that those people stay in own and employ and working on projects for them. But to Phil's point that's most negatively affected. Other examples are we have people that are dedicated, it's not a big number, to the theater business and that's not coming back this year.
AlexiaQuadrani: Thank you. And then thank you guys also for your color and revenues and your opening comments. But I was hoping you could give us a little a bit more information in terms of how much organic revenue growth improved, if at all in June in the quarter? I know you don't necessarily like to dissect it month-to-month, but just here to get a sense if there's a little bit of a trend of seeing some better performances as the quarter progressed that would be helpful. And when you mention hopefully getting flattish margins in the back half of the year, I guess what sort of organic growth assumptions are you sort of looking to achieve that?
JohnWren: The most drastic change we saw actually occurred in March, January, and February was fine. March is where we saw the first real decline there hasn't been a discernible marked difference in what happened in April, May and June. There were some differences but not enough to, for me to declare a trend at the moment. What we've been doing and probably greater accuracy than when people were working in the office is working with our folks who've been really doing an excellent job in terms of forecasting. In terms of month-by-month what they see based upon what we know. I'm not prepared to say much more than what I said in my prepared remarks because you tell me is America going to stay open, is it going to open further? Is it going to close further? It'--s we're working -- we're working pretty hard. We're doing whatever we can from wherever we can, but a lot's going to have to do with our clients. So I can't -- we'll give you more color as the year goes on as we know it, but I'm not going to sit and try to be more specific than it was. Phil you can add if you would like to.
PhilAngelastro: Yes. Just in terms of the second half and our outlook in terms of margins, I mean we're going to continue to focus on operating profit dollars not necessarily margins, but we've done an awful lot of work and our agencies have done a lot of work trying to get the cost base in line with current revenue not based on a bunch of assumptions around when certain markets are going to open up. And assuming that they're going to get back to revenue growth mode. We've tried to be very realistic and somewhat conservative in the forecast for the second half of the year. So to the extent we had to take cost actions we took them now that doesn't mean that there's certainty that we're not going to have to take more actions in the second half because we'll continue to aggressively monitor that. But we certainly want and expect our people to be realistic about their forecasts and I think we have some confidence although there's quite a bit of this -- that's out of our hands in terms of what's going to happen with client spend. And the overall economic environment but we are confident that our people have done a good job managing the cost base.
AlexiaQuadrani: Okay. I just I mean I totally understand the inability to forecast given how much is changing daily, but maybe put a different way in the markets where you have seen reopening maybe outside of the United States, have you seen a pickup in business there?
JohnWren: Yes. Yes, is the answer but we know China which opened first we've seen it open and closed partially and open and closed partially.
PhilAngelastro: Same for Australia.
JohnWren: Same for Australia so not to the point that on this call I can predict with any confidence what's going to happen. If you told me what was going to happen I'd have more confidence.
JohnWren: Maybe our last question.
Operator: That question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
BenjaminSwinburne: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Just on the cost action which was obviously substantial and taken quickly. I think back in April, John, you were talking about trying to balance reducing costs, reducing heads and also keeping the right people and resources in place for the business to recover. So can you help us think about maybe both the 6,000 heads and also the real estate savings that you guys outlined today or at least real estate charges you took. And how we should think about those as the business comes back whenever it comes back because obviously you took those actions in reaction to the COVID crisis, but maybe some of those are permanent or structural reductions. So if we think 2021 is a rebound year of some magnitude, how should we think about expenses coming back in the business as you rebound off of 2020?
JohnWren: Well, just the quick answer is I think we said the annualized impact of the actions that we took is about $500 million bucks, that $500 million won't come back into our system unless the revenue is coming back. So we're pretty deliberate about that and meant the only thing that altered the way we took actions around the world were the government programs that were in place. Europe had more furlough possibilities where we kept employees tethered to the company. In the U.S simply because the only way people could get the benefits the government was offering was to actually make them redundant, that's what we did. So that's what motivated a lot of the actions in many instances across almost all of our companies people took voluntary pay cuts in order to preserve jobs. So there's a lot of moving parts and our bit as Phil mentioned and I think I might have for the second half, our -- each one of our individual offices has created contingency plans that flex up and flex down depending upon what they see with their clients.
PhilAngelastro: But there will be some as the revenue grows some of the costs that are indirect or sorry some of the costs that are direct, they're going to come back and we'll be happy to have them back.
JohnWren: Right.
BenjaminSwinburne: And then just to quickly follow up on your point, I think John you said the organic declines you think have peaked or the organic pressure is. You see the second half top line improving from Q2. I just want to make sure that's accurate and I think you said there was no real discernible trend for the months of the second quarter. So is the improvement based on sort of what your agencies CEOs are telling you to your point about forecasting? Is that sort of how we should interpret those comments?
JohnWren: Yes. So based on the most recent forecasts that are our individual companies have done bottoms up, so it's all bottoms up.
BenjaminSwinburne: Thank you very much.
PhilAngelastro: I think given that the market is just about opening here I think we have time for one more call, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
JulienRoch: Hi, there. Thank you very much for taking my question. The first one is just to follow up on the $500 million of cost saving, if in say 2022 revenues is back to 2019 level how much of the $500 million will go back in, that's my first question. And then the second question is the third party service cost as a guide was very helpful and if you use that -- I kind of calculate that net sales were down 17% in Q2 but some colors on net sales in Q2 because we're live in extraordinary times and than usually not that much difference between revenue and net sale. And then lastly working capital worse by $280 million in the first half, any color on the full year? Thank you.
JohnWren: Well, Phil covers some of these. We don't believe in net sales. So as a concept, so we're not going to comment on it. Not being difficult that's just true.
PhilAngelastro: Yes. So on the working capital front Julien I think the expectation is that our performance from the second quarter will continue and it's a day-to-day grind, three yards in a cloud of dust. We're happy with the performance in the second quarter for sure. It's been a challenge in this environment but we're going to do our best to continue those trends. As far as the first part of your question with respect to, if revenue got back to a normalized situation in say in the future 2022 or whatever period in the future, I think the probably the majority of those cost savings are salary and related driven and the majority of those costs are going to come back, no question. The real estate piece we expect to sustain but the real estate piece of the annualized savings is a much more smaller portion of that whole.
JulienRoch: Okay, very clear. Maybe just the real estate. Is it what $50 million saving, $100 million savings?
PhilAngelastro: On the real estate front --
JohnWren: It's a little less than that.
PhilAngelastro: Yes. It's probably less than $50 million on an annualized basis.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you all for taking your time to join us. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. And for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: [Call Starts Abruptly] [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. We hope you and your families are safe. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2020 earnings call, despite the difficulties posed by this crisis. On the call with me today is John Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our presentation, and to point out, that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then, we will open the line for your questions. Over to you, John.
John Wren: Good morning. I hope everyone on the call is staying safe and healthy. I’m pleased to speak to you this morning about our first quarter results and update you on how we are actively responding to the effects of COVID-19. First and foremost, I would like to recognize the healthcare workers, first responders and essential personnel around the world who are working 24/7 to help those in need. Their work is heroic and humbling, especially as the human toll continues to grow. As the impact of COVID-19 continues to evolve around the world, we’re focused on three key areas: the safety and well-being of our people; continuing to effectively serve our clients; and preserving the strength of our business. And while we don’t know today how this will fully play out, we will be as clear as we can in our remarks and in responding to your questions. Starting with the safety and well-being of our people. In mid-March, we moved to a global work-at- home policy and implemented our Business Continuity Plans. With few exceptions across our markets, our people from creatives to account management, media operations, production, IT and accounting and back office services and many others continue to work from home. This is no small feat and speaks to how well prepared we were as an organization. The transition has been all I could have asked for. Our people have stayed well connected to their colleagues and with their clients, and we have not lost a step in supporting them. In fact, our clients have expressed deep appreciation for how seamless to working with our agencies from home has been. Given the vast change in the way we are working and in our personal lives, the support we are providing is leading to deeper engagements and a tighter bond between our clients and their agency teams. As a result, Omnicom, as a whole, is operating very well. This shift would not have been possible without our exceptional people and I want to thank them for their extraordinary efforts. I also want to call out and thank those of you in our businesses that are performing essential services and continue to work outside of your homes. Before getting into the first quarter, I’d like to explain the actions we’ve taken to date to improve the strength of our company. Many agency leaders and their staff as well as Omnicom and our network senior leadership are taking voluntary pay cuts. We’ve stopped new hires, frozen salary increases and eliminated or reduced the number of freelancers we use. We’ve taken advantage of government-weighed subsidy programs, wherever available and appropriate, in countries such as the UK, France and Germany, among others, to reduce the number of permanent staff reductions we had to take. We have eliminated discretionary costs and capital expenditures, including participation in all award shows. We have further enhanced our already strong working capital and cash management practices. In mid-March, we suspended our share repurchase program. In February and March, we completed several financing to enhance our liquidity and balance sheet, increasing our cash and available credit facilities by approximately $1 billion and extending our debt maturities. As of March 31, we had over $2.6 billion in cash and in excess of that balance through the end of last week. We also have $2.9 billion in available revolving credit facilities and our nearest long-term debt is not due until May 2022. We’ve expanded coverage in our U.S. health benefits for those affected by COVID-19 and extended our medical benefits to employees that were furloughed or laid off to July 31. Regrettably, despite these efforts, our companies had to take a number of job actions, including reduced work weeks, furloughs and layoffs for many of our colleagues. Our leaders worked tirelessly to limit the number of people impacted, and we’ve helped them find opportunities in areas of our business that are continuing to grow. We are also sharing resources across companies in the group wherever possible. Given our actions to date, I can tell you with confidence that the underlying fundamentals of our business remain in place as do our core strategies, and we have the resources and financial strength to weather this crisis. Let me now discuss our first quarter results. I will then come back to more specifically address how we are servicing our clients and responding to protect our business in the current environment. While we only felt a partial impact from COVID-19 in the first quarter, it certainly negatively affected our financial performance relative to the expectations we had when we last spoke in February. Certain businesses were impacted much more than others in the first quarter, and March was more affected than January and February. As you would expect, the more highly impacted disciplines for us in the first quarter, for events and field marketing, which are dependent on social interactions and group gatherings. And as I mentioned on our last call, our Events business was all but shut down in China earlier in the year. As stay-in-home orders and restrictions on travel and large gatherings took effect in March, our Events business as well as several of our field marketing businesses in the affected geographies were in large part shutdown. The postponement of the Olympics as well as every other major sporting event has compounded the challenges. Even though some of our events businesses have done an excellent job of executing virtual events, overall, it has not been enough to make up for the lost revenue. As a result, first quarter organic growth was three 0.3%. Our operating profit declined by 2% to $420 million, and our operating margin was 12.3%, a 10 basis point decline as compared to the first quarter of 2019. Net income for the quarter was $258 million, and EPS was up 1.7% year-over-year to $1.19 per share. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $362 million, and we returned over $140 million in dividends to shareholders. As I have already discussed, our liquidity, balance sheet and credit ratings remain very strong, and we have no plans to change our dividend policy. Phil will cover our first quarter performance in more detail during his remarks. Let me now turn to how our agencies and people have critically adapted and embraced innovative ways to continue to deliver great work for our clients in the current environment. We’ve seen firsthand that our people can be just as productive at home as they are in the office. They’ve been nimble in using technology to make the most of what they have on hand. For example, one of our agencies produced more than 20 video spots in less than two weeks with its staff working from home, the agency is solely using in-house production capabilities, including design, animation, photography as well as tools like Facetime and Microsoft Teams to develop concepts, direct shoots and collaborate in a virtual edit bay. Another one of our agencies use drones to maintain social distancing while shooting a commercial. These are just a couple of the thousands of examples of the great work we are seeing from our agencies. While these circumstances have been unusual, they’ve highlighted the creativity that runs deep in our DNA. Our teams are overcoming obstacles and continuing to deliver to clients. Our agencies are not only working with existing clients and helping them reposition their brand campaigns in the context of COVID-19, they have also continued to win new business. In mid-March, PHD won Diageo’s Global Media Planning and Buying Account in all of its key markets around the world. Diageo selected PHD due to its standout media talent strategic thinking and expertise in deploying Omni, our group-wide data and analytics platform. Other recent wins include: LindtUSA selected PHD as its media agency of record; Clemenger BBDO Sydney was awarded Unilever’s Blue River Ice Cream brand; Energy BBDO won Baird Digestive Health brands, MiraLAX and Phillips to add to their current responsibilities in the United States; TBWA China, while on lockdown, picked up Riot Games: League of Legends World Championship; DDB with TBWA Australia won Coles Supermarkets; and Goodby, Silverstein, which was recently ranked Number 2 on Ad Age’s A-list for the second year in a row won the [indiscernible] spot for Panera Bread. Our agencies are also finding unique ways to leverage their creativity to help stop the spread of coronavirus and serve their local communities. For example, a number of our agencies recently responded to the UN and World Health Organization’s global call out to creators to design work that can phase essential information about COVID-19. Integer, one of our shopper marketing agencies, responded by creating a social distancing retail toolkit that helps retailers keep shoppers two carts apart. TBWA also participated by developing the official logo that will go on all of the ideas chosen by the UN selection panel. There have also been numerous examples of our agencies creating COVID-19 information campaigns, PSAs and communication toolkits, including BBDO in the Philippines launched a campaign advertising the lack of personal protective equipment for the people on the front lines. DDB Singapore worked closely with its local government to create an official WhatsApp channel that could provide daily updates on COVID-19 to its subscribers. And in the U.S., OMD helped drive donations to the American Red Cross. In another initiative to help our communities, Karen van Bergen, Dean of Omnicom University, is part of the task force to reopen Connecticut. It’s a public-private partnership to support Governor Ned Lamont to open up Connecticut’s economy in a responsible way based on health science. And Omnicom team has developed an integrated communication plan which has been embraced by the task force. Throughout this crisis, our culture of creativity and the spirit of giving back have remained constant for our organization. Even as our people and agencies continue to deliver great work, COVID-19 is having a profound impact on the economy, on our clients’ businesses and in turn, on ours. Our businesses are being impacted in different ways and across different geographies due to government restrictions that have been put in place in most parts of the world. As I’ve already discussed, several of our events and field marketing businesses have been virtually shut down due to the stay-at-home order and restrictions on events and travel, even though some of their events have been shifted to digital platforms. Our agencies that have a largest share of clients in sectors that have been most vulnerable, for example, travel and entertainment, oil and gas, automotive, and non-essential retail, have clients that have acted quickly to cut costs, including postponing or reducing marketing spend in the second quarter. On the other hand, certain client sectors and our agencies that serve them, such as pharma, healthcare, tech and telecom, have generally performed better to date. In our Healthcare discipline, Omnicom Health Group, which is one of the largest specialized communications group in the world, has also continued to perform very well to date. And finally, we are seeing some bright spots reemerging in China and other parts of Asia. I know all of you are interested in our view of the second quarter and the rest of 2020. While we hope for a swift recovery from the pandemic, we are adjusting our operations quickly to the current environment, continuing to deliver outstanding service to our clients and positioning ourselves for when the market rebounds. We will not be providing any specific guidance, but let me give you some context of our approach. Our agencies are developing their financial plans for Q2 and the full year based on four key factors. First and foremost is the health of our people. Like everyone else, we’re dependent on when health authorities and governments make decisions to end lockdowns and begin to reopen their economies as safely as possible. Next is the expectation for economic conditions and consumer demand in each of our markets after the lockdowns are gradually lifted. Third is the type of service each agency offers, and when demand ramps up or services can restart, such as events and field marketing. Lastly, it’s identifying additional contingency plans now for when conditions change. We can certainly tell you that we have and will continue to quickly reduce our costs, which are in large part variable and expect to garner significant savings from the actions I’ve discussed earlier. These cost savings will, in part, offset the decline in revenue we expect in the second quarter and for the remainder of the year. We also expect that in the second quarter, we will continue to evaluate our portfolio of agencies to identify businesses that are non-core, are underperforming for potential realignment and disposition, and we will review opportunities to reduce our real estate portfolio, given the changes in our operations and the way we are working. Looking forward, as more governments begin to plan for the end to the lockdowns and reopening of their economies, we are starting to turn our focus to gradually and safely returning to our offices. We have formed a committee to start planning for the opening of our offices market-by-market, once we have the green light to do so. The first priority in preparing this plan is the safety of our people. The challenges we are facing as the COVID-19 crisis continues to unfold are without precedent. Although we don’t know with certainty how things will look going forward, we do know that we will continue to focus on our people, clients and the strength of our business. We have managed through crisis before and survived to thrive in the future. Our people and our company have shown tremendous grit and resilience, which is a testament to our culture and that feels stronger than ever. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thanks, John, and good morning. I also want to take a moment to recognize our people, people at our agencies that are serving our clients as well as the people in our support functions around the world, for their tireless efforts over the past several weeks. The swift transition to mobilize and implement our work from home policy was done quickly and successfully. That success would not have been possible without our exceptional people, and we are proud of how well they’ve adapted to this new working environment. As John said, we are focused on aligning our business model to the realities of the new economic environment impacting us and our clients around the globe. We are continuing our process of reviewing our operations to realign our cost structures to meet changes in client demand as we manage through the crisis. We’ve also taken proactive steps to strengthen our liquidity and financial position, both before and after the end of the first quarter. These actions included, in early February, we amended and extended our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. The facility was extended until February 2025. In mid-March, we suspended our share repurchase program. In February, we issued $600 million of 10-year 2.45% senior notes. And in March, we redeemed early, the remaining $600 million of 4.45% senior notes that were due in August of 2020. In early April, we issued an additional $600 million of 10-year 4.2% senior notes. And in early April, we also completed a $400 million, 364-day revolving credit facility, which is in addition to our existing $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. We view these actions as putting in place additional liquidity insurance during these uncertain times. And we should also note that we have no long-term debt maturing until May of 2022. Turning to our actual results slide for the first quarter. We had organic growth of 0.3% for the full quarter. Our performance for the end of February was positive on a global basis. While in March, our results turned negative as the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic began to affect global economy, FX again produced a headwind, reducing our revenue by 1.4% in the quarter or approximately 1% more negative than we estimated on our February earnings call. And the net impact from dispositions made during the last 12 months, exceeded revenue from acquisitions in the quarter by 0.7%. As a result, our reported revenue in the first quarter decreased 1.8% to $3.4 billion when compared to Q1 of 2019. I will discuss in further detail the components of the changes in revenue in a few minutes. For the quarter, EBIT was $420 million, and our operating profit decreased by $8.7 million, while our operating margin decreased by 10 basis points, 12.3%. Interest expense for the quarter was $45.8 million, flat versus Q1 last year and up $7.2 million compared to Q4 of 2019. As I said previously, in February, we issued $600 million of U.S.-denominated 10-year senior notes at 2.45%, which will mature in April of 2030. Proceeds of this issuance were used to retire the remaining $600 million of our 4.45% 2020 senior notes that were due to mature in the third quarter of this year. The impact of the early redemption resulted in a charge to interest expense of approximately $7.7 million in the first quarter of 2020. However, when combined with the reduction in our interest expense resulting from refinancing actions we completed in 2019 including the issuance of our Eurobonds in July of 2019 to fund both the maturity of our $500 million 6.25% 2019 senior notes and the early redemption of $400 million of our 4.45% 2020 senior notes. Our total interest expense decreased $4.5 million when compared to Q1of 2019. This reduction was largely offset by a decrease in interest income of $4.3 million versus Q1 of 2019, which resulted from interest rates on our cash deposits that were lower than the prior year rates. When compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, interest expense increased $6.5 million. Driven by the charge to interest expense from the early redemption in March of the 2020 notes, while interest income was down a little less than $1 million. Prospectively, when we include the additional borrowing of $600 million of the 4.2% senior notes that we completed in early April, our long-term debt portfolio going forward will be comprised of $4.6 billion in dollar- denominated debt and $1 billion in euro-denominated debt. For the remainder of the year, we expect that our refinancing activity in 2019 and 2020 will more than offset the increase in interest expense from the issuance of the 4.2% notes in April 2020. We believe adding this additional liquidity while maintaining our interest expense levels was a prudent step to take at this time. However, we do expect reductions in interest income in 2020, which when compared to the prior year, will offset the expected reductions in interest expense for the remainder of 2020. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 26%, down a bit from the Q1 2019 tax rate of 26.8% and a little below the range we projected for this year, 26.5% to 27.0%. At this time, we’re still forecasting that our effective tax rate will be in that range for the rest of the year. Earnings from our affiliates included a non-cash after-tax charge of approximately $4 million related to the planned disposal of an equity method investment in the Middle East. The allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less-than-fully owned subsidiaries decreased by about $3 million to $13.6 million. As a result, net income for the first quarter was $258.1 million, down 1.9% or $5.1 million when compared to Q1 of 2019. Now, turning to EPS. Our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 3% versus Q1 of last year, 217.5 million shares. As a result, our diluted EPS for the first quarter was $1.19, which is an increase of $0.02 or 1.7% when compared to our Q1 EPS from last year. Returning to the details of our revenue performance in the first quarter. On a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar’s continued strength once again created a headwind in our reported revenue. The impact of changes in currency rates decreased reported revenue by 1.4% or $15 million in revenue for the quarter. Strengthening was widespread. The dollar strengthened against practically every one of our major foreign currencies. In the quarter, only the Japanese yen strengthens against the dollar. The largest FX movements in the quarter were from the Euro, the UK Pound, the Australian and New Zealand dollars and the Brazilian real. As for a projection of the FX impact for the remainder of the year, any assumption on how foreign currency rates will move under normal economic conditions, let alone our current environment, is always a speculative exercise. But looking forward, if currencies stay where they currently are for the balance of 2020, FX could negatively impact our reported revenues by approximately 2.5% during the second quarter, but then moderate somewhat in the second half of the year, resulting in a negative impact of around 2% for the full year. The impact of our recent acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by $24 million in the quarter or 0.7%, which was right in line with the estimate we had when we entered the year. Since we’ve had relatively few acquisitions or dispositions recently, at this time, we estimate that the net impact of the transactions completed as of March 31 will be negligible on our revenue over the remaining three quarters of 2020. However, that estimate does not include the impact of any future acquisitions or dispositions we may make going forward as we continue to evaluate our portfolio of businesses. And finally, our organic growth for the first quarter was 0.3%. For the full quarter, geographically, our domestic, UK and Asia Pacific regions had positive performances, while the rest of Europe and Latin America were negative. Within our service disciplines for the quarter, our Healthcare agencies led the way and PR was also positive. While advertising and media and CRM consumer experience and CRM Execution & Support were each slightly negative due to the downturn that began in March. Turning to our mix of business by discipline. For the first quarter, the split was 56% for advertising and 44% for marketing services. As for the organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was down marginally at 0.1%. Organically, we saw declines at our global advertising agency networks, but organic revenue from our media agencies was up a bit for the quarter. CRM consumer experience was down 1.3% organically. We continue to see strong growth from our precision marketing agencies, and they also had positive results in March. While our events and shopper marketing businesses lagged, CRM Execution & Support was down 0.9%, which was an improvement over what we had seen from the discipline recently. PR was up 0.2%, and lastly, Healthcare was up almost double digits at 9.6%. And as has been the case over the past several quarters, the growth continues to be well distributed across the geographic regions they operate in. And they also had positive results in March. Now turning to the details of our regional mix of business. You can see during the quarter, the split was 56% in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 10% in the UK, 17% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 2% for Latin America and the remainder for the Middle East and Africa, our smallest region. In reviewing the details of our performance by region, organic revenue growth in the first quarter in the U.S. was 1.7%, led by our CRM consumer experience, Healthcare and PR disciplines, with our Advertising and CRM Execution & Support Groups lagging. Outside the U.S., our other North American agencies were up 0.6%, with growth at our CRM Consumer Experience and CRM Execution & Support offerings more than offsetting a decrease at our Advertising and Media businesses. Our UK agencies were once again positive, up 3.7%, driven by the continued solid performance of our Advertising and Healthcare agencies. The rest of Europe was down 2.3% organically in the quarter. In the Eurozone, while there were a few markets with positive performances, such as Ireland, Portugal and Spain, most were negative as business activity slowed as the COVID-19 outbreak spread throughout the continent. Germany was down just over 1%, and the Netherlands was down mid-single digits. While our businesses in France, which were already dealing with client losses at a few local CRM Execution & Support businesses before the impact of COVID-19 hit, was down double digits organically. Organic growth outside the Eurozone was positive for the quarter by 0.6%, with most markets positive, except for Russia. Organic growth in Asia Pacific for the quarter was 2%. Our Greater China agencies were down about 2.5% in the quarter. Elsewhere in the region, we saw mixed performance by market. Solid performance from our agencies in Australia, India, Indonesia and New Zealand were partially offset by reductions in Japan, Singapore and Thailand. Latin America was down 5% organically in the quarter. Brazil once again had a negative performance, as did Columbia, offsetting growth in Chile, while Mexico was down slightly in the quarter. And lastly, the Middle East and Africa was negative for the quarter, primarily resulting from the cancellation of events activity in the region. Turning to the presentation of our mix of revenue by our clients’ industry sectors. In comparing the first quarter revenue for 2020 to 2019, you can see there was a small shift in our mix of business. This quarter, we have also added some additional industry categories to our disclosure on this slide provide more details regarding certain industry categories that were previously included in other. None of the additional categories represent greater than 2% of the total. Moving on to our cash flow performance. You can see that in the first quarter, we generated $362 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital, up about $20 million versus the first quarter of last year. As for our primary uses of cash, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $142 million, up slightly versus Q1 last year due to the impact of the $0.05 per share increase in our quarterly dividend payment, effective in April of last year, partially offset by the reduction in our outstanding common shares due to repurchase activity over the past year. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $10 million. Capital expenditures were $26 million, down slightly year-over-year. And as we stated earlier, we’re limiting our capital projects in the near-term to only those deemed essential to our ongoing operations. Acquisitions, including earnout payments, totaled just under $10 million, reflecting the reduced recent activity. And stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled just under $200 million. And again, we suspended our share repurchase program. All in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $25 million in the first quarter. Turning to our capital structure slide as of March 31. Keep in mind, this reflects only the transactions we completed as of the end of the quarter, and it does not include the $600 million of additional senior note borrowing, which closed during the first week of April. So as of the end of March, our total debt was $5.1 billion, which is down almost $400 million from this time last year. As you may remember, Q1 2019 debt balance included EUR 520 million of short-term non-interest-bearing senior notes and a private placement to an investor outside the United States. We repaid those notes in the third quarter of last year. Partially offsetting the repayment is the net impact of our dollar-denominated issuances and repayments over the year along with the issuance of our euro-denominated debt last summer versus December 31, 2019 gross debt at the end of the quarter was down about $40 million, primarily due to the FX impact of translating our euro-denominated debt to the U.S. dollar value as of March 31. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.41 billion, up about $1.6 billion compared to year end December 31, 2019. The increase in net debt was a result of the use of working capital of about $1.3 billion, which is typical of our working capital requirements during the first quarter as well as timing differences in the latter part of the first quarter. In addition, net debt increased as a result of the impact of exchange rates on our cash and debt balances during the quarter by about $180 million and by $25 million related to the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow. Compared to March 31, 2019, our net debt is up $368 million. The increase was primarily driven by the change in operating capital during the past 12 months of approximately $485 million and the negative impact of FX on our cash balances, which totaled around $185 million. Partially offsetting those increases over the past 12 months was our excess free cash flow of approximately $345 million. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt- to-EBITDA ratio was 2.2 times, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.0 times. And our interest coverage is 10.6 times. And finally, moving to our historical returns. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 25.1%, while our return on equity was 54.9%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included several other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we’re going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you so much. Thank you guys for that color and hope you guys were all doing well. I wanted to sort of dig into some of the commentary you made about the declines you saw in March. Curious if you could share how much March’s organic revenue growth was down? And sort of how organic revenue growth was trending in April?
Phil Angelastro: Sure. I’ll take that. We had approximately 3% organic growth through the end of February. So March was essentially a similar amount in a negative fashion. So, yes, a little bit less than that in the month of March. And in terms of April, I think that was your second question, we don’t have numbers for the month of April. We don’t collect weekly revenue numbers by agency and roll them up at the Omnicom level. But the expectation is that year-over-year revenues will be down in the month of April.
Alexia Quadrani: And then if I can follow-up, perhaps John or Phil, you guys both have great perspective having been on Omnicom through the last financial crisis. I guess, how is this different from 2009? And do you think the declines in revenue will be perhaps a lot worse, but maybe shorter lived? And can you do the same great job you guys did back in 2009 in terms of protecting profitability?
John Wren: Yes, Alexia. Good morning. This situation is quite different than past situations because 2008, 2009, it started off as a financial sector issue. This sector – this turnaround it’s affecting the companies or the areas more specifically that we referred to in our remarks because of the total shutdown. The good news is if they do it intelligently, countries around the world are starting to bring people back in one capacity or another, which I think will be very, very positive. It may take us another couple of months, but will be very positive. The actions that we’ve taken so far, simply because this is different than anything we’ve faced in the past, have been, I guess, appropriate – well, they’ve been at an appropriate level to reflect what we think is going to happen to our revenues in the second quarter and then we’re always every day reevaluating what we think is going to happen beyond the second quarter. So the actions that we’ve put in place so far exceed those that we took in 2009, 2010, but we feel they’re appropriate and related to the revenue that we expect from the downfall or the cutbacks in revenue that we expect in the second quarter.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think based on the data we have from our agencies to date and the forecast process is certainly an iterative process, we spent a lot of time with our senior managers at our networks and practice areas over the last month regular time with them. And we’re in the process of reforecasting the numbers for Q1 and the rest of the year yet again over the next few weeks. But I think we expect the initial impact to be a little deeper than it was back in 2008, 2009, initially. And we, like everybody else are – don’t have enough information yet to really know what to expect in terms of when the businesses will come back, but we’re certainly focused on making the decisions that we need to make now and preparing the businesses for when the economies open up and the opportunities that are going to be there for us to take advantage of.
John Wren: The only thing I might add, Alexia, is it’s not all doom and gloom. If you look at our Healthcare sector, it’s probably up. If you look at the Healthcare sector within the public relations that [indiscernible] have, that’s very, very solid. So there are areas of our business despite all the difficulty that’s out there, that are, in fact, growing.
Alexia Quadrani: And I would assume that you get some incremental benefit to that point, John, of some of your clients wanting to revest it to their creative work to make it more appropriate for this environment. Is that continuing? Or is that really largely a March event?
John Wren: No. I mean – I suspect almost every one of our clients. You can see it in some of the major clients and their advertising. The Pepsi, AT&T or some others, that they’re still actively engaged in trying to address themselves to their employees and to the public with messages of support of this. And our guys, ladies are doing this basically from home at this point. That’s the most fascinating and enlightening thing that I’ve seen through this whole process is just how well and how quickly we transitioned from working in the office with all the facilities an office would offer to working at home. And our people have been just, just amazing. It’s really been incredible. And thankfully, so.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi, I think a few questions and it sounds like you guys are all safe. Phil, can you give us a sense – at the individual advertising agency level, what percent of cost would you say are variable that you can really attack, hold back cost there? First question.
Phil Angelastro: I think as an overall matter, we’re certainly going to – we’re going to consider and address any and all cost components in the business. But we do have a significant portion of variable costs. I think if you look at the salary and service cost line, a significant portion of those costs, which are about 70 – a little under 75% of the cost structure of the business, certainly, we’re going to look at any and all of those costs. I don’t think there’s a way to say all of the 75% are actionable. And this situation is not as dire as that. But a significant portion of our costs are valuable as incentive comp in those numbers. Some of the service cost component of that cost line certainly is tied directly to revenue. And we’re looking at all those things. But we also are keeping in mind, we do have a business that continues to provide services to our clients and innovative creative ideas to our clients. So, there’s a significant component of that cost that will continue and support the revenue streams going forward. But I think if you look at that variable cost – the salary and service line, a significant component of that is, in fact, variable.
Craig Huber: My second question, Phil, when you sort of – I know it’s hard to know this, of course, but you guys obviously do an awful lot of long-term work for your clients. Is there anything that you’re thinking that the third quarter, the year-over-year percent decline in the organic revenue could be down worse than what you may be thinking what the second quarter could be? I know it’s hard to know for sure, but how do you sort of think about that? What quarter you guys think it could be the worst? Is it the second quarter?
Phil Angelastro: I’ll give you my opinion, and then John can add to it. I think we just don’t know with any certainty, but all the discussions we’ve had with our businesses to date would lead us to conclude that the second quarter will bear the brunt of the decline in marketing spend by our clients as they pull back because of the shutdowns, global shutdowns. And I think as the economy slowly comes back, both in the U.S. and overseas, clients will want to grow again and they want to invest again. And we don’t expect the second half in terms of percentage decline to be as significant in the second quarter right now.
John Wren: Yes. Yes, there’s not much I can add to that. That’s – in the preliminary forecast that we’ve looked at, and they are preliminary, we have to go back and dig deeper into. The second quarter was the most traumatic. And there was an assumption that many sectors would at least gradually reopen at some point during the third quarter, that seems to be playing out based upon what we’re hearing from the governments around the world. So the second quarter, at this point, is going to be I think the worst. From a cost point of view, though, we’ve taken a different view. We’ve taken – the reality of what we think the second quarter is going to be, plus, we’ve projected that a little bit more severely into the third quarter then our revenue expectations are. Just to assure ourselves that the actions that we’re taking are rightsized, and we’d rather be in a position later in the year. We’re reinstituting people as behind the revenue coming in as opposed to chasing a revenue decline for the full year.
Craig Huber: And my last question if I could, maybe, help quantify for us how you sort of think about your employee headcount in terms of the percent of employees that have been furloughed or unfortunately laid off in this environment? Is it like a 15% number? Can you give us sort of sense ballpark, please?
John Wren: I’m not sure I want to give you a number at the moment because it’s so fluid. You do recognize that the systems, where you are in the world are, in fact, different. If you take places like France and Germany, which are big markets for us, their governments look to support the population by keeping the employee attached to the company, which will make it very easy for us to recover when those markets, in fact, recover. In the U.S., not a political statement for better or worse. The U.S. requires you to make people redundant in order to get the benefits associated with what the government’s offering. We view the actions that we’ve taken, and we continue to analyze this as permanent for companies that we do not think will come back to spending during this calendar year. And furlough, even though they’re treated the same, they’re put on unemployment. And those people are the first – those people will be the first priority in terms of us bringing them back as soon as client revenues restored. So I don’t know if that helps you to fill in what you referred to.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. So you certainly may be familiar with us already. But what John is referring to is there’s a number of countries in Europe, especially, but also in other parts of the world, Canada and certain Asian countries, where employees remain on our payroll and the government subsidizes that employees pay rather than have the employee terminated, because our clients have indicated that they’re going to reduce their spending near term. So whereas we might – in a typical quarter, client reduces their spending. If we had to take action at an agency and actually reduce our headcount, we would do that in this environment. In some countries, that isn’t permitted during a short period of time. So those employees will stay on the payroll and will get reimbursed, significant portion of their salaries, 70% or 80% in some cases. So those furloughs are what’s occurring in a number of the European countries, which hopefully, client spend comes back and those employees will be – they won’t need to be reinstated, they’ll continue on with the company in the same fashion as from before. If the business doesn’t come back, we’re going to have to reevaluate our decision. In the U.S., because the U.S., because the U.S. doesn’t have a similar approach in terms of furloughs – formal furloughs, we’ve taken a little bit of a different approach, but we have indicated to those people that where we believe, we’re hopeful that we’re going to bring them back, but – that we do, in fact, want to bring them back as soon as client spend comes back, but we have had to take the action of severing them from the payroll so that they could take advantage of the government programs to help them in the near-term.
John Wren: The other thing I want to add, which kind of blows me away, and I’m very, very pleased with this, is the number of people in the United States, but across the world, who have taken a voluntary salary reduction, that’s – I mean, you have to be in my position, but it’s wonderful when you see what people are doing and what people are willing to offer up to help reduce the number of actions that we have to take and reflect the fact that this – unlike any other crisis in the past, is a shared experience.
Craig Huber: That’s very good. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I guess I have two of you. I’ll be quick. So John, I wonder, just given what you guys both said about furloughing people. Omnicom has been known for having the best talent. Do you worry about maybe creating a bunch of free agents for some of your more challenged companies, competitors in Europe maybe swoop in and take some of the talent. So how do you guard against losing all the people who are on furloughed down the road to maybe competitors? And then Phil, you mentioned the working capital outflow. It was bigger than we’ve seen before. I realized that we’re in the midst of a global pandemic, but any color on what happened maybe in March? You referenced in your comments. And the kind of the sustainability of the working capital outflow as this year goes off?
John Wren: Well, let me take the first question. People are free to do as they want to, and they’ve always been that way. I’m not – well, I’m not any more concerned than I would be prior to the crisis about our staff choosing to work for Omnicom as opposed to one of our competitors. And we’ve been very careful and thoughtful, I think. And unlike in past crises, communicating with our employee base and letting them know what are our priorities and what are our concerns and what to expect our actions to be and I find that when you do communicate with your employees that way, it creates a dialogue at a trust level that is terribly important to get us through this crisis. So – I mean I will be shocked if there’s depletion in the talent at Omnicom, I quite expect to be able to do just the opposite of what you’re suggesting. And probably hire people that we think are terribly talented in some of our competitors after this or as this settles down.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. The only thing I would add is this isn’t a situation where there have been or will be indiscriminate reductions in the overall talent that we have at our agencies. So there are client situations, where they’ve reduced their spend. And we need to take actions at that agency. The answer isn’t simply whoever is servicing that client is unfortunately going to be part of the furloughs or terminations that need to be made, so that the overall agency can thrive in the future. There’s an evaluation that’s being made of who are our best people and do we have any underperformers that will be first on that list of either terminations or furloughs if that action has to be taken. So we are certainly working through this and doing everything we can to keep those who we think are best.
John Wren: Yes. And one thing I want to point out is even to the level of leadership. We entered 2020 or DDB did with a difficult situation. We’ve just lost several large clients, thankfully to other parts of Omnicom. And we were a bit shocked and put off when Wendy Clark decided that she was going to move on in the middle of a crisis. But we were able to recover with no interruption at all because Chuck Brymer, who have been previously been the CEO and the Chairman of the company, was with us and ready to step back in and has done a magnificent job irrespective of whatever the behavior of his predecessor was. So I feel not only are we in fabulous situation when it comes to our employees, we’ve done a terribly good job of making certain that we can replace every single one of us and it’s truly a team effort.
Phil Angelastro: So, to the second question, Michael, as far as working capital, a number of factors impacted us at March 31 at the end of the quarter. So one thing to start, as John had said in his prepared remarks, our cash balances as of yesterday are still in excess of the balance and cash that we had at 3/31/2020, $2.7 billion in cash we had at 3/31/2020. The cash we have on hand today is in excess of that number, and is right around that number, if you back out the $600 million in additional financing we raised, which closed on April 1. So, our performance in terms of working capital management and cash in the month of April has been very good. And essentially, what happened in the last week of March were a few things. Clients – a number of clients who have India-based AP processing centers. If you remember, India was in disarray the last basically week of March. And a number of their outsourced service providers were kind of caught in the middle of trying to transition their operations to work from home, which in India is very challenging, and a number of those service providers were not well prepared for that transition. And as a result, the cash payments from those clients that we expected in the last week of March came in April as opposed to as of the day March 31. And I think the other things that contributed were similar. Certainly, a lot of our clients were in transition or were working from home and the matter of a delay of two or three days at the end of the quarter doesn’t make a difference overall to our working capital management, but it does make a difference in terms of the cash balance that’s on the balance sheet at March 31 and the working capital disclosures and our statement of cash flow. So – and I think there’s probably a bit of certain clients holding on to their cash a little bit longer at the end of the quarter as they were sorting through what COVID-19 was really going to mean and what kind of an impact it was going to have on their business. So I think those are the primary factors that drove the $600 million of decline in working capital performance in the quarter as of March 31. And I think otherwise, the performance in April has been excellent, and we’ve certainly stepped up our interaction with our agencies on a daily and weekly level in terms of cash forecasting. And we’re very pleased with our performance in these first three-plus weeks of April. So we don’t have any concerns just from this snapshot as of March 31.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks, guys. I appreciate the honesty.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I have a couple. I’ll ask them one by one, if that’s okay with you. You gave no indications of Q2 trading. I understand it’s really difficult. Things are changing every day. But I guess investors’ expectations are, I believe, for an organic decline of 25% to 30% for agencies in Q2. How does that sound? Likely outcome, potentially worse, potentially better?
John Wren: Well, this is going to be a very short answer compared to the answers we were giving your previous questions. Certainly, we’re looking at a Q2 downfall, which could be – well, certainly will be double digits. We’re not prepared to discuss – I’m not prepared to discuss anything that happens beyond that. In the year, it will depend on how quickly businesses reopen from car dealerships to food franchises to all sources of activity. We can take a pretty good estimate that some of our events businesses will be affected for a longer period of time. But oddly enough, we’re going to get into a situation where people are going to start to get extremely creative, because I think sports in one form or another are going to come back, maybe not attendance at stadiums or people viewing it. But our event people are not – which are clearly they are most affected to this whole thing, are coming up with incredible ways that I, as an individual, could have never even imagined that we would be able to do. So, we’re taking this – the first thing that we did in this crisis is we went out and we increased without sacrificing our credit rating, our liquidity, to make sure and make certain that versus every single one of our competitors, we have far more resources that may do because some of them because of the acquisitions that they’ve made in the past or recent past. So that, from my experience in prior crisis, is the key, the fundamental to making sure that your company prospers and recovers from this situation. Then what we’ve done is we’ve gone out very thoughtfully in taking advantage of every single government program that’s out there. And then finally, as a result, we’ve had to adjust our payrolls in anticipation of what our clients – we think our client is going to spend and when they’re going to come back. I don’t think it’s going to be rosy, but we do fully expect to bring many of those people back as we get later and later into the year. So, I’m not prepared to give you numbers yet, but I can assure you that the actions that we’ve taken have been thoughtful and with a view, a very strong view that when a recovery starts, we’ll be well resourced to recover quickly. I don’t know if Phil wants to add anything to that?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think it’s hard, Julien, for us to give a – an insightful and meaningful number, if you will, as to what we expect in Q3.
Julien Roch: Sorry, my question was just for Q2, just Q2.
Phil Angelastro: So, in Q2, I think just to add to John’s comments, to give you a sense for some size. Certainly, the Events businesses and the field marketing businesses we have were and will be most affected most quickly. And those businesses are – the Events business is probably roughly 4% of our revenue, and the field marketing business is less than 3% in the first quarter, as an example. And some of the businesses within events and field marketing, we found, interestingly, in the last few weeks and month as some of those clients while they certainly have reduced their spend pretty quickly, they do want to keep our talented people around and are willing to work out some solutions with us to keep them on the payroll and keep them working on virtual programs and things like that for their brands. So, it isn’t all doom and gloom, even within those disciplines. But I think John’s assessment of directional guidance of double digits for the second quarter is probably about as much as we’re willing to say at the moment, given the uncertainty still.
Julien Roch: Okay, sure and thanks for that. The second question, I have three. You said that you were up roughly three in the first two months and down three in March. But I guess the second half of March is quite different because that’s when the lockdown started in many countries. Can we have organic trends in the last two weeks of March? And I guess, some countries are different, so either you give us a global number or by countries, but some color on the last two weeks of March, please?
John Wren: Julien, I wish we were that good. Let me tell you what I think because I haven’t wasted a single moment of my time analyzing what happened in the last two weeks of March. But we knew – I mean some of our events businesses, for instance, are very – have been very profitable, and we expect them to be, again, especially in China and other markets around the world. They were canceled. I think we even mentioned that in our year-end call, which we talked about in early February. We saw the impact of those cancellations and certainly, in March, to the extent they were scheduled in March, we’ve also seen them sent. So, I’m pretty proud actually and pretty delighted that we came out of the first quarter with 0.3% organic growth. I mean, because we were doing just fine. So – but in terms of doing an analysis of what happened in the last two weeks of March. I have to tell you, with everything else that’s going on, that has not been one of my areas of focus. I don’t know if Phil wants to add anything?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I mean just to be clear, we actually don’t have access to that data. We don’t close our books weekly. It’s a different – in the professional services business, it’s a different type of business than a retail example or a business like that, where they do have a process in place where they are tracking sales daily or weekly. The numbers just don’t come together in that way. But I think, certainly, the discussions we had and have had with our businesses, as John referred to, there was a much greater sense near the end of March of the impact this was going to have, and we’ve been dealing with it in real-time ever since.
Julien Roch: Okay, very good. Last question, you’ve given no indication of cost, but WGP has highlighted £700 million of cost savings and Publicis €700 million. I don’t know, can you give us an indication of cost savings? Or if you can’t do that, maybe operational gearing, each three points of organic decline is impacting operating profit margin by X basis points. I mean some numerical colors on cost would be welcome.
John Wren: I’ve never spoken about this publicly anyway. In 2013, when we were going through the proposed merger of Omnicom and Publicis, the magic number for synergies was always $500 million. Just humorous to see it again in 2020. The cost cuts we’ve taken and the annual impact of them have been appropriate to the level of revenue expectation that we have. We’ll be in a much, much better position later in the quarter to tell you what those actions were and what they weren’t. We’re not setting an object, a goal that we’re willing to announce in public as to the amount of savings that we’re about to – that we’re going to achieve by decimating parts of our staff. What we’re doing is thoughtfully looking at a client-by-client, office-by-office and taking the appropriate actions to make certain that we restore our profitability as quickly as possible. So, I cannot join my colleagues in giving you a number to cheer about or to put down so we can measure ourselves about did we get to it or not?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think, I think the only thing I would add to John’s comments is that the approach that we’re taking is one that’s going to be agency-by-agency, region – market-by-market, region-by-region, business-by-business. And the approach is going to have to be different based on all those factors. And it really is about the processes about trying to realign our cost structure at the lowest level, the agency level with the revenues at that level. And when you add up all the numbers, they’re going to add up to a big number if our revenues come down by a big number relative to our past history is what I’m referring to in terms of big. So that number is going to change from what it was a week ago and what it will be a week from now because it’s an iterative process. And we’re going to try and do the right thing, the right thing for our people and the right thing for long-term sustainability of our business. And we’ll have a number, certainly when we talk to you next.
John Wren: And the only thing I might add is, I’m not offended by the question at all. I think it’s the foolishness of my competitors to have thrown out a number to you when they don’t even know what is going to be required to rightsize their business. Unless they were holding on to adjustments that they couldn’t justify to in the past and throw them out and using COVID-19 as an excuse. So some of its experience probably, but it’s all nonsense at this point. We’ll let you know as soon as we do, when we do. Thanks.
Julien Roch: All right. Very good. Thank you very much.
John Wren: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. I have two questions for John. First, we’ve sort of seen this kind of gradual increase in sort of trade barriers and protectionists, at least rhetoric around the world. And it does seem like COVID-19 maybe increasing some of those trends. And as a company who deals with multinationals and global trade is important to the overall business, I’m just wondering, when you look at this crisis, John, if you think about that having a long-term impact on the business, or maybe you think we’re overreacting and it’s, again, mostly political rhetoric, but you guys are sort of uniquely positioned in sort of media to think about these things and what they might mean. So I would love to get your thought on that question. And secondly, you guys have been disposing assets over the last couple of years. I’m wondering under the sort of umbrella of structural long-term changes as a result of COVID-19 to the agency business, if you think this may prove to be an accelerant in either further asset sales or maybe actually even consolidation, just given some of the weaker competitors of yours out there, who have declining revenues heading into this situation. So, two kind of bigger questions I’d love to get your thoughts on.
John Wren: Sure. In terms of globalization and the impacts of this, it is going to have, I think, a profound impact on what companies do moving forward. Our consumer-facing clients are going to want to continue to expand into those markets because of the population and the potential growth there. Where I’ve heard the most concern, I guess, or reevaluation is companies where their supply chain has been put in place, principally because of the basis of where the lowest cost provider was. And people seeing that in this type of an environment that free type of access to every single market in the world without consideration to any pandemic or other type of pandemic interruption is something that we’re going to have to rethink as we come out of this. But our clients in China are spending because China is basically back open again. People are actually going to car dealerships in China, where they’re not allowed to go to car dealerships that are closed in the United States. So there’s going to be very, very thoughtful and long considerations about not so much, once you get pass where the consumer is. Some of the ways that companies have operated up until now, and we’ll have to reevaluate. Your second question was…
Benjamin Swinburne: Dispositions or consolidation in the industry? Is this a catalyst for either of those in your mind?
John Wren: Certainly, not a catalyst. I mean we made at this for close to three years.
Benjamin Swinburne: Yes.
John Wren: Yes. And I’m not going anywhere, but I did have a secret book. I was going to leave through to my successor as to what I thought should happen. But I can assure you, I’m not going anywhere during this. So we’re going to be looking at markets. We’re going to be looking – I don’t think we’re going to be exiting markets, but we’re going to look to see how we should present ourselves in those markets and how we should service our international clients in those markets and what the local market potential is for the brands that we have represented there. So yes, in a funny way, we’re going to use this event to properly size our business and to take whatever adjustments we need to take to make it – that is absolutely stronger coming out of this than it was going into this. And we’re in pretty good shape going into it.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks a lot.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. I think given the market is going to open shortly, I think we have time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Thanks very much. Let me – if I can just kind of tie a few things together here. So it sounds like the Q2 revenue impact is probably going to be worse than we’ve ever seen at least in our memories. But you’re taking as aggressive a cost action as probably you certainly did versus 2009. When I looked back at my numbers and you were down 120 basis points peak to trough 2007 to 2009 and full year. Like you’re on track to do perhaps even better than that now. I guess the question then is, are there permanent changes that might come out of this on the cost side? John, you mentioned real estate. You’ve talked a lot about the use of technology. We’ll see what happens with staffing levels, et cetera, and people come back after furloughs. But are there permanent margin positive impacts that could come out of this?
John Wren: Well, the good news is the same management, unfortunately, that was here in 2009 and took all those actions is still here now. So we are taking, I think, what the appropriate actions are. Yes, I think every aspect of our business is going to change. What – in addition to all of the actions and all the immediate day-to-day things that we’ve been engaged with during the last five weeks, especially. During that same period of time, I established three separate committees: one to look at the media business; one to look at the advertising business; and other to look at the Public Relations business, to go away, forget the day-to-day of what’s happening and to – in a blue sky type of way with a clean sheet of paper, tell me how those services should be performed in the future without any consideration of costs and adjustments, but just to give me a very clear sight as to the things we should be looking towards as we emerge from this. And I’m expecting some dramatic answers and goals and objectives that we can look to accomplish. So yes, I do think that the business is going to change. I think once we get through all the restructuring costs and everything else that people are going to have to take, it will be positive. And you are correct. I mean, fixed costs, for instance, like real estate, we have absolutely proven that people can work from home. We believe that at the corporate level going into this and had resistance from maybe some of our operating people who weren’t so quick to accept that kind of point of view, but they’ve all learned and they’ve been fascinated and amazed at the resilience of their staff in the way that they’ve been able to do that. So that’s only one aspect. We’ve also gotten without having to go through the rhetoric or the procedure of having production houses and postproduction houses and those capabilities, which delay the moment from when an idea is created and a brief is created to the execution of that. It’s been fascinating to see how the people who have traditionally thought in those terms have changed the way that they think and when the difference between getting a brief and having an executed super idea to put out has really collapsed in a very positive way. So I think the organization that will emerge from this will be incredibly strong and it will be – and it will have adjusted to the environment that we’re going to be working in going forward. So despite all those actions that we have to take and all this other stuff, I’m incredibly optimistic about the business as we move in and out of this period and into the future.
Tim Nollen: Thanks a lot.
Phil Angelastro: Okay. Thank you all for joining us on the call. We appreciate it. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: [Technical Difficulty] Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our presentation, and to point out, that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then, we will open the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. Thank you for joining the call this morning. I’m pleased to speak with you about our fourth quarter and the full year 2019 results. Our fourth quarter performance was very solid with organic growth of 3.5%. For the year, organic growth was 2.8%. We also exceeded our margin targets for the quarter and for the year. EBIT margin for the quarter increased 30 basis points to 15.6%. For the year, EBIT margin was up 40 basis points to 14.2%, excluding the effect of our third quarter 2018 dispositions and repositioning actions. And EPS for the quarter was up 6.8% to $1.89 per share. In the face of a dynamic yet challenging environment, I’m very pleased that our strategies, talent and execution have allowed us to consistently deliver solid financial results. I will speak more about our achievements in these areas later in my remarks. But let me first provide more color on our financial performance. Looking at fourth quarter organic growth across the disciplines, Advertising and Media was up 5.1%, CRM Consumer Experience was up 3.3%, Healthcare was up 12.9%, PR was down 2.5%, and as expected, CRM Execution & Support was down 6%. By region, the U.S. was up 2.8%, driven by solid results in Advertising and Media, and CRM Consumer Experience. And we had double-digit growth in Healthcare. CRM Execution & Support was down double-digits in the U.S. and Public Relations also had negative growth. The UK was up 3.3%. Advertising and Media, Healthcare and PR performed well, offset by weaker performance in both of our CRM disciplines. Overall growth in the euro and non-euro region was 4.7%. Results in the euro markets was mixed. Germany and Spain performed well. France had negative growth as it continued to be impacted by weak performance in our specialty print production business. Our events business was also negative due to difficult comps. The non-euro markets performed quite well overall, led by the Czech Republic and Russia. Asia Pacific growth was 4.5%, as China and Australia had good results in the quarter. Latin America was down 1.3% due to challenges in Brazil and Chile. Our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa was up 19.5%. Looking at our cash flow in 2019, Omnicom generated $1.7 billion in free cash flow and returned more than $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Approximately $120 million in cash was used for acquisition related spend during the year. At this point, our acquisition pipeline is good and we expect activity to pick up in 2020. Our plans for the use of free cash flow remains unchanged, paying our dividends, pursuing strategic acquisitions and repurchasing our shares. Finally, our balance sheet and credit ratings remain very strong. Turning now to our strategy and operations, we are focused on key strategic objectives that have consistently served us well. These strategies are centered around hiring and retaining the best talent; driving organic growth by evolving and expanding our service offerings; investing in areas of growth with a particular focus on data, analytics, digital transformation, CRM and Precision Marketing, e-commerce and Healthcare; and remaining vigilant on managing our cost and improving operational efficiencies in areas such as real estate, accounting, purchasing and IT. To meet our clients’ desire for simplicity and to be better able to recruit and deliver the best talent to them, we’ve structured our service offerings around our practice areas and our Global Client Leaders Group. The Global Client Leaders Group provides clients a single point of access to our network of thousands of industry specialists in a variety of marketing disciplines. From late 2017 through early 2019, we established 12 practice areas, including CRM and Precision Marketing, Advertising, Media, Public Relations, Retail, Branding, Healthcare, Experiential and several others. The practice areas bring together strong expertise within a particular discipline, provide our people greater opportunities for training and development, better match the needs of our clients with our service offerings, and help develop strategies for internal investments and acquisitions. Together, the global client and practice area leaders can deliver expertise and talent to our clients that is aligned with their business strategies and can tackle their marketing challenges. One of our longstanding practice areas, which is very well aligned with our Global Client Leaders Group is Omnicom Health Group. This group had an outstanding year, which contributed to our overall growth in 2019. Omnicom Health Group is one of the largest healthcare communications groups in the world. The group services over 250 different client companies including the top-25 pharma and biotech companies in the world. Omnicom Health Group is able to manage communications across the entire healthcare ecosystem, due to its breadth and depth of specialty healthcare agencies that are focused on 4 key healthcare customers: healthcare professionals, payer organizations, patients and consumers, and medical experts and regulatory stakeholders. The group’s success is driven by its talent. In 2019, the group added 300 healthcare specialists to its roster, which now numbers more than 4,300 people. Omnicom Health Group has invested in training and up-skilling its people in healthcare marketing through programs such as its Oncology University. The group’s success is also due to its use of our data and analytical tools. Over the past year, it has begun to use Omni, our people-based precision marketing and insights platform, to better understand healthcare professionals and patients’ online behavior. In doing so, Omnicom Health Group has successfully created more insightful, targeted and personalized communication strategies for its clients. All our agencies have access to our data and analytics tools, which we’ve invested in for over a decade. Omni is now available globally in the majority of markets in which we operate. Omni’s open platform allows us to continually evolve and expand its capabilities to serve the specific needs of our agencies and clients. As an example, our pioneering cultural consultancy, sparks & honey, recently launched Q, the first of its kind SaaS platform that combines human and AI-powered intelligence to help organizations predict change before it disrupts their business. The capabilities of Q are fully embedded within Omni. While data and analytics remain a top investment priority for us, we understand that data can only take us so far. It is our IP, our creativity that truly sets us apart. It is creativity and innovation, informed by data and analytics that will drive the most meaningful business results. One barometer we use to measure our success in cultivating the best talent in the strength of our agency brands is the performance of our client work and award shows. Here are a few recent highlights. Omnicom was named Holding Company of the Year by MediaPost for the second year in a row, while BBDO won Agency of the Year. The Eurobest 2019, 2 of our networks were in the top 3, with BBDO coming in first and DDB coming in third. In addition, Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO took the top spot for Agency of the Year and DDB Paris came in second. PHD also won Media Network of the Year for the second in a row. Critical Mass was named Customer Engagement Agency of the Year and Campaign U.S. Agency of the Year award. In the PRWeek’s inaugural Purpose Awards, Porter Novelli was named Agency of the Year. None of these awards would have been possible without our top notch agency brands. The rich history and well established cultures have shaped our industry for decade, and we applaud the award winning work they create year-after-year for our clients. We remain steadfast in believing in the value of our individual brands, and we’ll continue to support their unique cultures and go-to-market strategies. It is the people within our agencies, who make Omnicom what it is today. And our commitment to attracting, retaining and developing talent remains our top priority. This includes fostering diverse and inclusive workplaces, where all employees feel comfortable, confident and supported. While this is a longstanding and continuous effort, 2019 set several milestones that highlight our dedication and commitment. In 2019, we were recognized Fortune Magazine as one of only 6 Fortune 500 companies that have more women than men on its Board of Directors. The Wall Street Journal also recently released its own diversity and inclusion ranking of companies in the S&P 500, and I’m proud to say that we were tied for third. In addition, Omniwomen, our employee resource group, continue to serve as a catalyst for increasing the influence and number of women leaders throughout the Omnicom network. The program currently has 14 chapters globally and we’ll be hosting several events across the globe in honor of the upcoming International Women’s Day on March 8. In May 2019, we launched OPEN DisAbility + Allies. The launch of this group when hand-in-hand with our ongoing strategic partnership with The Valuable 500, a global initiative putting disability inclusion on business leadership’s agenda. Finally, for the 4th consecutive year, Omnicom received a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index conducted by the Human Rights Campaign, which highlights our commitment to an inclusive work force and designates us as a 2020 Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality. I’m extremely proud of our leadership teams and all our people for these achievements. In addition to our employee resource groups, we continue to invest in our talent development programs. In December, we announced the appointment of Karen van Bergen as Dean of Omnicom University, our longstanding management development program. Karen previously served as CEO of Omnicom’s PR Group. 2019 marked the 25th anniversary of this prestigious program. From its modest beginnings in Boston with only one program, we’ve expanded Omnicom University to 12 programs a year on 3 continents with nearly 5,400 global alumni. It is considered one of the preeminent professional development programs in our industry. Our strong financial performance underpins the outstanding work of our people and agencies. We look forward to continued success in the year ahead. In closing, we’re pleased with our performance for Q4 and the full year 2019, and I’m confident that we are well positioned as we enter 2020. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the results.
Philip Angelastro: Thanks, John, and good morning. John just described, fourth quarter results represented a very solid end of the year for us, reflecting the quality of our employees and the services they deliver to help our clients achieve their goals. And for the full year, our results were in line with the upper end of the range of our expectations. As always, our agencies remain focused on responding to our clients’ ever changing requirements and delivering effective solutions to meet their needs, and at the same time, managing their agency cost structures in an efficient manner. We also continue to see the positive effects of our ongoing company-wide efforts to identify opportunities for improvement and efficiencies. Starting on Slide 7. Regarding our revenue for the fourth quarter, we had organic growth of 3.5% as our agencies overall did a good job capturing the year-end client project spend. For the full year, organic growth was 2.8%, which was at the upper end of the range of our expectation of 2% to 3% growth, as we had positive performance across most regions and major markets. FX was once again negative reducing our revenue by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. And while the reduction in revenue from dispositions made during the last 12 months exceeded revenue from acquisitions in the quarter and net reduction of 1.2% this quarter is lower than it was in the previous four quarters as we cycle through the largest tranche of our 2018 dispositions during the third quarter. As a result, our reported revenue in the fourth quarter increased 1.3% to $4.14 billion when compared to Q4 of last year. I’ll discuss the components of the changes in revenue in more detail later in my comments. Turning back to Slide 1, our operating profit for the quarter was $646.4 million, up 3.1% when compared to Q4 of 2018. While our operating margin of 15.6% represented a 30 basis point increase over the last year’s fourth quarter. EBITDA for the quarter increased 2.5% and Q4’s EBITDA margin of 16.1% was up 20 basis points when compared to last year. The improvement in margins when compared to Q4 of last year, primarily resulted from the change in business mix we’ve experienced from the strategic disposition of several noncore or underperforming agencies and our ongoing efforts to be more efficient throughout the organization, particularly in the areas of real estate, back-office operations, IT and procurement. Net interest expense for the quarter was $38.6 million, down $14.5 million versus Q4 of last year largely driven by the refinancing activity that took place in the third quarter of 2019, and down $10.7 million compared to the third quarter of this year. As a reminder, I’ll recap the refinancing activity. In early July, we issued €1 billion senior notes in 2 parts: we issued €500 million of 8-year senior notes due in 2027 at an effective rate of 0.92%; and an additional €500 million of 12-year senior notes due in 2031 at an effective rate of 1.53%. Together, the euro note issuance after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses, resulted in net proceeds of US$1.1 billion at an average rate of 1.23%. Proceeds were used to retire the $500 million of 6.25% 2019 senior notes, which came due in mid-July and to retire on August 1, $400 million of 4.45% 2020 senior notes through a partial redemption. As a result of the refinancing activities, our expected ongoing long-term debt portfolio will be comprised of $4 billion in dollar-denominated debt and €1 billion in euro-denominated debt. In addition, with the drop in long-term interest rates, we settled our fixed-to-floating rate interest swaps for a small gain. As a result, our debt portfolio is now 100% fixed rate debt at very attractive rates, an effective rate of approximately 3.3%. And total third-party interest expense for the fourth quarter decreased by $15.2 million when compared to Q4 of 2018. In addition, interest income decreased $1.8 million period-over-period with the reduction in interest rates on our cash deposits over the past year more than offset the increase in our cash balances. When compared to the third quarter of 2019, interest expense decreased $10.8 million driven by the refinancing activity in the third quarter, while interest income was flat. Note, gross interest expense in Q4 was approximately $7.6 million lower than in Q3, because Q3 included incremental net interest expense recorded as a result of the early redemption of $400 million of the 2020 senior notes. For the full year 2020, we expect net interest expense savings of approximately $20 million primarily from the refinancing activity when compared to 2019’s reported results. However, total interest expense for 2020 and going forward will be subject to changes due to the translation of interest expense into U.S. dollars related to the euro notes that we issued in 2019. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 26.1%, bringing the 2019 full year effective tax rate to 26%. As previously discussed, the annual rate for 2019 includes a benefit of approximately $11 million, resulting from the favorable settlement of uncertain tax positions in Q2 of 2019. Heading into 2020, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27%. Before considering the impact of the tax effect from our share-based compensation including the impact of any future stock option exercises, both of which is subject to changes in the value of Omnicom’s stock price. Earnings from our affiliates were less than $1 million for the quarter, down versus Q4 of last year, primarily due to lower earnings at our affiliates as well as the negative impact of FX. And the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders and our less-than-fully-owned subsidiaries was up $4.3 million to $34.8 million during the quarter due to the strong performance from several of our less-than-fully-owned agencies. As a result, net income for the fourth quarter was $415 million, up 4% or $15.8 million when compared to Q4 of 2018. Now turning to Slide 2, our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 2.8% versus Q4 of last year to 219.3 million shares. As a result, our diluted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.89, which is an increase of $0.12 or 6.8% when compared to our Q4 EPS for last year. Next, I’ll provide a quick recap of the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the full year results. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2018, we closed on the disposition of Sellbytel as well as other dispositions that resulted in a net pre-tax gain of $178 million. At the time, we also recorded charges of $149 million for repositioning actions primarily resulting from severance and lease terminations. And lastly, we recorded additional tax expense of approximately $29 million, resulting from adjustments of the provisional amounts originally recorded in connection with the 2017 Tax Act. As we reported last year, the net impact of these items on our full year 2018 results increased our reported operating profit by $29 million, net income by $18.2 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.08. Therefore on Slide 5 and 6, we presented the fiscal 2019 results in comparison to 2018, both with and without the impact of the net gain from dispositions, the repositioning charges and the tax adjustments in connection with the Tax Act. The non-GAAP adjusted amounts for these items show how our underlying business performed year-on-year on a comparable basis, which we believe this meaningful presentation for investors and is consistent with how management measured our 2019 operating performance. Since the full year results for 2019 were in line with our quarterly performance, I’ll just give you a few headlines. Organic revenue growth for the full year was 2.8%, which was in line with the upper range of our expectations for the year of between 2% and 3%. FX translation decreased revenue by 2.1%. The net impact of acquisitions and dispositions reduced revenue by 2.9%. So for 2019, our reported revenue totaled $14.95 billion, a decrease of 2.2% compared to 2018. Our reported operating profit for 2019 was $2.12 billion, down slightly when compared to our reported results last year, while operating margin improve 20 basis points year-over-year to 14.2% on a reported basis and 40 basis points after adjusting 2018’s operating income with a net gain from the dispositions and repositioning actions we undertook during Q3 of 2018. And our full year reported diluted EPS for 2019 was $6.06 a share, up $0.23 or 3.9% compared to the reported amount of $5.83 a share in 2018. Adjusting for the impact of 2018’s net gain from the dispositions, repositioning actions and tax reform activity, 2019’s diluted EPS represents of $0.31 improvement or 5.4% over the 2018 non-GAAP adjusted amount of $5.75 a share. Turning to the details of our revenue performance in the fourth quarter. Starting on Slide 7, FX once again was negative in the quarter, but not as negative as the impact we saw in the first 9 months of the year. FX reduced revenue by 0.9% in the fourth quarter or $37 million. This impact remains fairly wide spread. On a reported basis consistent with the year-over-year impact, dollar strengthened against practically every one of our major foreign currencies. In the quarter, only the Japanese yen and Russian ruble strengthened against the dollar. The FX movements creating the largest reductions in the quarter continue to be from changes in the dollar compared to the euro, Chinese yuan, Brazilian real and the Australian dollar. As for our projection of the FX impact for the upcoming year, any assumption on how foreign currency rates will move over the next few months, let alone the balance for 2020, this point is speculative. But if currencies stay where they currently are, based on our estimates, FX could reduce our reported revenues by approximately 50 basis points in the first quarter and be slightly negative over the balance of 2020. The impact of our recent acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by $51 million in the quarter or 1.2%. This is lower than earlier quarters, as we cycle through much of our recent disposition activity during the third quarter of 2019. Based on transactions completed to date, we estimate the impact of our acquisition activity, net of dispositions will be a net reduction of about 75 basis points in the first quarter of 2020 and close to flat over the remaining 3 quarters of the year, resulting in a projected net negative impact of 25 basis points for the year. Finally, our organic growth for the quarter was 3.5%, growth this quarter was fairly well distributed and reflective of the positive effects of year-end client project spending. Geographically, our domestic, Asia-Pacific and European regions all had good performances. Within our service disciplines, our Advertising, Media and CRM Consumer Experience agencies, all experienced positive organic growth this quarter. All our CRM Execution & Support and PR agency group once again lagged. Slide 8 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the fourth quarter, the split was 58% for advertising and 42% for marketing services. As for their organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was up 5.1%. We saw solid performances from our global advertising agency networks and several of our regional brands as well as solid performance at our Media businesses. CRM Consumer Experience was up 3.3% organically, driven by continued strong growth from our precision marketing agencies as well as from our events businesses outside the U.S. CRM Execution & Support was down 6% this quarter across most of the service offerings and discipline. PR was down 2.5%. The reduction is consistent with the performance of our PR discipline throughout earlier quarters in 2019. Lastly, Healthcare was up double digits organically at 12.9%. And the growth continues to be well distributed, both domestically and internationally. On Slide 9, which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter the split was 52% in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 9% in the UK, 19% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia-Pacific, 3% for Latin America and 3% for the Middle East and Africa markets. Turning to the details of our performance by region on Slide 10. Organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter in the U.S. was 2.8% led by our CRM Consumer Experience, Healthcare and Advertising and Media disciplines, with our CRM Execution & Support and PR agency group lagging. Outside the U.S., our other North American agencies were down 2.3% due to the sluggish performances at our Advertising and Media businesses. Our UK agencies were once again positive, up 3.3% driven by the strong performance of our Advertising, PR, Healthcare and field marketing agencies. The rest of Europe was up 4.7% organically in the quarter. In the euro zone, we saw solid performance across most markets, the strongest being Germany, Belgium, Portugal and Spain. The Netherlands was slightly positive in the quarter, while France was once again negative, driven by continued weak performance in a few of our CRM Execution & Support businesses in that market. Organic growth outside the euro zone also continues to be positive across most markets. Organic growth in Asia Pacific for the quarter was 4.5%. Our Greater China agencies performed well this quarter, after coming off a poor performance in Q3, primarily driven by growth from our Media and Events agencies on the Mainland. However, we do not expect this to continue in the first-half of 2020, given the uncertainty in China. Elsewhere in the region, we saw a somewhat mixed performance by market. Solid performance by our agencies in Australia, South Korea and Thailand was partially offset by reductions in Japan and Singapore. Latin America was down 1.3% organically in the quarter. Brazil once again returned to a negative organic performance as did Chile and Colombia, offsetting some growth in Mexico in the quarter. And lastly, the Middle East and Africa, which is our smallest region, was positive for the quarter with Qatar and the UAE turning in strong performances. Turning to Slide 11, we present our mix of revenue by our client’s industry sector. As we saw throughout the year, when comparing the full year revenue for 2019 to 2018, there was a small shift in our mix. As a result of the Sellbytel disposition, the mix of revenue from technology clients has been reduced. Turning to our cash flow performance, on Slide 12 you can see that for the year we generated $1.73 billion of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 13, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $564 million, up about $16 million year-over-year. As you recall, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.05 a share effective with April’s payment. The increase in the cash payment was partially offset by a reduction in common shares over the past 12 months. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $97 million, down versus the prior year, due to a combination of dispositions and the repurchase of shares from our minority shareholders. Capital expenditures were $102 million year to date, down compared to 2018, primarily due to a reduction in leasehold improvements from our real estate activities year-over-year. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments totaled $124 million. As we’ve mentioned previously, this is a decrease when compared to last year, when we opportunistically executed on several acquisitions. And stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans were $604 million. All in, we generated $239 million in net free cash flow over the past year. On Page 14, we present our capital structure as of yearend, which reflects the changes we discussed earlier, regarding the refinancing actions we took in the third quarter. Regarding our capital structure at the end of the year, our total debt was $5.14 billion. And our net debt position as of December 31 was $835 million, down almost $400 million from this time last year. Year-on-year the improvement in net debt is primarily due to our positive free cash flow of $239 million and changes in operating capital of $125 million, which includes the year-over-year improvement of $45 million in our working capital management. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.2 times. And our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.4 times. And our interest coverage is 10.4 times, which has improved over the past year due to the reduction in our interest expense. And finally, on Slide 15, you can see we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 29.5%, while our return on equity was 49.6%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we’ve included several other supplemental slides on the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we’re going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Alexia Quadrani from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. My first question is really on more of the detail on the outlook for 2020, if you could give us a sense of how we should be thinking about organic growth and then margin efficiencies that you had highlighted that benefited Q4 and actually full year 2019. Can they continue in 2020? How should we think about profitability as well? Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: I’ll start and then John can add his comments. I think for 2020 in terms of where we are in our planning cycle for the year right now, our expectations are similar to what they were at this point in 2019. So we see an organic growth range of 2% to 3% again for 2020. And with respect to margins, we’re going to continue to focus on growing EBIT dollars. That’s been our focus all along. That’s how we approach planning and executing our business and it’s been successful. We’re always looking for opportunities for improvement and efficiencies throughout the organization. We’re particularly focused or have been in the last 3 or 4 years in the areas of real estate and back office, and IT. We’re going to continue to do that. And at the same time, we’re going to continue to invest for growth, especially in the areas of data and analytics. Training and some other initiatives as we always strive to find the right balance between those investments and finding sustainable growth. So for 2020 at this point in our planning cycle, we expect margins to approximate what they were in 2019, so flat for now. And we’ll see how it goes as the year evolves.
Alexia Quadrani: And then, John, can I ask a follow-up question, is you touched on – or maybe Phil touched on China, Asia and the region in your region in your opening remarks. I’m curious – I know it’s not a huge market for you. But how are the multinationals sort of dealing with ad-spending in China right now? And then, just a lot of question for Phil or John, the CRM Execution business, which continues to be a tough area for you, do you see more divestitures there or opportunity to sort of – I guess, what’s the – how do we fix that business? Do we get out of some of the businesses or is it a question of sort of just cyclical and then it will come back?
John Wren: First, Alexia, we’ll first take China. We like most other people are playing day to day at this point. Our primary focus is the safety of our employees. January, which we know the results were fine. It wasn’t until after that that this became a full blown public crisis. It depends on how long it goes on. Our people have been working primarily from home. And work goes on for most clients. Some of them are even spending more because of the products that they’re selling to the marketplace. The one area for the quarter anyway that I think will be affected would be our Events business in China, because so any planned events has been cancelled at this point and we don’t know if they’ll be done later in the year or whatever. But as you said in your comments, China is an important, but it’s not a terribly large market for us in our numbers. And your second question?
Alexia Quadrani: The CRM Execution, just a question if you can do more divestitures there or what’s your outlook really?
John Wren: You want to do it or…?
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I think we’re going to continue to look at the entire portfolio as we through our planning process and all throughout the year. Identify businesses that strategically may make sense for disposition. We’ve been through – we believe we’ve been through the bulk of that process as far as acquisitions of size. But we’re always open to reconsiderations and there is a lot of change that’s happened in our industry. We expect that change to continue. We don’t have any particular meaningful businesses targeted to disposition at this point. And we think a bunch of the execution and support businesses that we have are going to get back to being positive growth, maybe not high growth businesses with good returns, with some exceptions. There are some that is still cycling through some of the issues that they faced in 2019. But the part of the portfolio represents is a smaller part of our portfolio now than it was over the last few years. And some of those businesses are really good businesses and have always been. They’ve overshadowed by some of the underperformers within that group or grouping. So I think you can expect we’re going to continue to work with the management teams to look for opportunities for growth and improvement and to the extent that we feel strategically we’re not going to continue to invest in them and they’re not – and they are opportunities for good returns for disposition we may continue to consider going down that route too.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question then will come from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Good morning. Thank you. I’ve got a few questions. Can you just size for us, if you would the China revenues for last year? What percent of revenues that was and what was the organic revenue there? We get that question a lot.
John Wren: The size of China or us is – it’s probably a little bit less than 1.5% of our revenues. And I think given that size, we typically don’t disclose every country-by-country organic revenue growth percentage, but if you give me a minutes, I’ll just double check it. So for the year, the year China – China’s organic growth was negative, so I think in the mid single digits in 2019.
Craig Huber: Thank you for that.
John Wren: Sure.
Craig Huber: My next question, John, I guess, you’ve – various conversations you’ve had with your larger customers particularly here in the U.S. Just curious, how are the tone of businesses with them? And as you sort of think about the U.S. economy what’s your sort of sense of that? Is it holding you back? Is it helping you? And the same question is for Continental Europe as well? What’s your sense of the economy in both places, please?
John Wren: Sure. Most of the conversations we’ve had, lot of that was clients in the U.S. U.S. economy continues to be strong and clients are trying to take advantage of the growth that they see in the marketplace. Obviously, with the election coming up, there is some cautiousness that goes along with that. But for the most part, I’d have to say it’s a net positive. Once again into Europe, the markets – it changes market by market. The real behind-the-scene conversations about Brexit are – is uncertainty, not so much for 2020, but post-2020, as businesses decide where they have to be positioned and what needs to get done. France is – the market’s okay. We’ve suffered an individual loss in some of our execution businesses, which affect our numbers, but the market’s okay. In Germany, Germany is a question market at this point. Not a negative, but a question mark, especially since, I think, it was last night, the expected success that Angela Merkel decided she would not be running to that position. So we don’t have any better information at the moment. Russia continues to be a strong performing market for us. I don’t know if that covers most of the things, you want me to cover.
Craig Huber: No, I appreciate that. Every year in the fourth quarter, you tend to have some variability around your project related work, obviously, here in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe size that for us? How did – in terms of dollars, maybe how you want to do it the fourth quarter of this year versus last year, please?
Philip Angelastro: I think, we typically see as we head into the fourth quarter, there’s somewhere around $200 million to $250 million of project work that is typically available for our agencies to achieve. And our agencies do typically achieve something in that range. Some years, it’s a little bit lower. Some years, they actually do a little bit better. And there is a whole variety of factors, and it’s not just when we speak about that in the fourth quarter, it’s not just our project based businesses alone that are actively pursuing year-end project opportunities with their clients. So I think, this year was probably similar to maybe a little bit better than last year’s fourth quarter, and I think, if you go back to 2018, it probably wasn’t as good a performance where there wasn’t as much of it that we were able to convert in that fourth quarter. But that’s a typical range that we see, it’s hard to actually put your finger on every dollar, and whether where – what exactly the client situation was that led to us being able to capture those dollars. So that’s traditionally what we found, and it’s been pretty consistent over the years.
Craig Huber: Got you. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Our next question then will come from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Salmon: Thanks for taking the questions, and good morning, everyone. John, I was hoping you could comment on the recent news about Accenture reportedly closing their media auditing division. You commented, I think, on that specific issue on prior calls, and I’d love to hear an update on that specifically. But really, more importantly, I’d love to hear just your broader thoughts, particularly as you enter 2020, about the competitive environment and particularly with that group. And then just you mentioned all the sort of success of the Healthcare division, and the numbers are clearly robust there. I hate to ask about one of the markets that are seeing challenges, but I’d just love to hear an update on the PR division. In particular, just we know that that’s a business where it might have lagged in adopting technology within marketing traditionally, but where it does appear to be really picking up. And I’m wondering how you see the role of technology in helping bring that division back to growth going forward this year. Thanks.
John Wren: Well, first, on Accenture, I did comment, I forget when it was back a while ago that some of their ambitions and the fact they’re still in the media auditing business was inconsistent. And I’m just happy to see that they got out of the business. And we’ll continue to compete with them where we see them, although we haven’t run into them very often on major pitches. Your second question was about Healthcare, and could you just reframe it for me for a second?
Daniel Salmon: Rather you emphasized the strength in Healthcare. What I was hoping to just hear a little bit more about was the PR division and how you aim to get it back to growth. And in particular, the role of technology and whether you’re seeing that become more significant within those businesses?
John Wren: Sure. Well, I think the utilization of Omni and especially Q, which I mentioned in my remarks, will benefit PR business in some of their assignments. The other activity that’s going on – now let me frame it, even though, we’ve had some difficulty with a couple of percentage points loss here and there, the profitability of the PR division has been and remains very strong. So the opportunity is a marketplace opportunity, it’s not anything structurally to do with the business at this point. And we’re continuing to go through and evaluate. Recently, John Doolittle took over for Karen van Bergen as the head of that practice area. And we’re sitting down and taking into the hard look at where we get our revenue, what we can expect in the future and what changes we want to make to the business. So it’s an opportunity from my perspective, it’s not really a problem. It’s just constantly running 1% or 2% below the prior year. And technology will help that as well. Q especially, which has just been – it’s been in development for over 5 years, but it’s just been added to the Omni offering. I believe will particularly help the PR business in some of the things that they’re doing.
Daniel Salmon: Great. Thank you.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Our next question then will come from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Hi, there. Thank you very much for taking the questions. Coming back on China quickly. You said it was less than 1.5% of revenue and that so far the only impacts were you events business, because no event was taking place in China. How much is events either out of the Chinese revenue or out of the 1.5%? That’s my first question. The second one is could you give us some color on the organic growth of your media practice in full year 2019? You said it was solid. It’s one of your largest practice, and it’s been the growth engine of agency in the last few years. So organic would be great, and if you don’t want to give a precise number, maybe a range, I don’t know, 2.5% to 5% or 5% to 7.5%? And then last question is on the number of shares. It was flat in Q4. Well, it usually goes down by about 1-plus million a quarter. So what happened in terms of number of shares in Q4? Thank you.
John Wren: I’ll let Phil answer some of these. Are you applying for a job? Because some of the detailed questions are probably questions a few employees that actually look at it. We are not in the business of segregating our businesses in a particular market. We haven’t done in the past, but our events business – our main business is Media, Advertising and Public Relations in that market. Events add something to it, but I’m not going to get into the dissection of that for disclosure. So I apologize for that. But what was the second? The – go ahead.
Julien Roch: And then – no, I mean, if you knew that, I just wanted to have an idea of the growth of media in 2019.
Philip Angelastro: I think overall, it wasn’t disproportionately higher or lower than our overall growth rate. I think, if you go through the numbers we’ve been through on the call. You can see Media, Advertising and Healthcare grew better than the overall portfolio, and some of the overall portfolio, namely PR, CRM Execution & Support, in particular, either didn’t grow. So by that, you can include the 3 that did grow or the primary drivers of our growth grew at a little bit higher rate than our overall average rate for the quarter and the year. And I think, each of those businesses had a good year and did well and drove our growth overall. But as far as the specific percentages, I think, we provide quite a bit of information to give you a good sense of that. But I don’t think there’re any dramatic – anything dramatically different about that part of our portfolio. And some of our Media business is actually in like markets such as Brazil and some others are integrated into the advertizing businesses. They aren’t standalone media businesses, so it’s hard to pull out exactly how much of the growth in those markets came from standalone media versus advertizing, because they are integrated. And as far as shares go, in the fourth quarter, I’m not quite sure I follow in detail your observation. But we can go through that after the call. I think certainly we bought back through share repurchases as little bit more in the fourth quarter this year than we did in the prior year. And maybe what you’re seeing has something to do with just the way the year-end averages get complied. And we haven’t seen the effects just yet.
Julien Roch: Oh, is that just the timing, because 219.3 diluted number of shares in Q4 and you had 219.4 in Q4? So it’s just the timing of the average then?
Philip Angelastro: Yes, yeah, you kind of – you will see I think more of that or an acceleration of that effect when you get into 2021as the averages start over.
Julien Roch: Okay, very clear. Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I think given when the markets open, we probably have time for one more call – one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question then will come from Adrien de Saint Hilaire from BoA. Please go ahead. One moment, please go ahead.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: I’ll try to be quick. I’ll try and be quick. Thank you very much. So first of all on the Chinese points, you said it was down mid-single-digits. I’m just curious if you have any explanation why it is indeed down mid-single-digits in an economy which is still growing 5% to 6%. Second question is on your expectations around the phasing out of cookies at Google. Do you think that’s bad news in the short-term, good news in the long-run, or maybe the other way around or is that good news in all cases? And then, lastly, about your performance in the Middle East, should we expect some carry over into the first half of 2020 as well? Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: I’ll take the China question. I think – our growth this year in China was largely due to some performance challenges. I think we lost a couple of clients. And frankly, as a portfolio, our agencies, with some exceptions, but our agencies didn’t perform as well as they did the year before frankly. I think the current situation presents a very different set of challenges. So until we get some more clarity and so the situation resolves itself, I think our expectations are similar to everybody else is there is just little bit too much uncertainty to have a clear picture as to how it’s going to roll out in China. And in the Middle East, I think we’ve got some good businesses that we expect to continue to grow. But as an overall percentage of Omnicom’s portfolio and Omnicom’s growth, we don’t expect that to be significant or meaningful. But it’s been a nice part of our portfolio and we’ve got some nice businesses over there that have been doing well and we certainly expect them to continue to do well.
John Wren: With respect to your first question regarding cookies, honestly, we’ve been expecting this for some time now. It’s not new news to us. It will make targeting a little bit more challenging than it was in the past. Then it certainly will make Google stronger. But in anticipation of it, that’s why we work so diligently on the creation of Omni and the enhancements that we made to it. In the future, it’s not just going to be the data, it also has a lot to do with the execution, which you actually do with that data and how you process it. Clients, other people have other sources, which we can get access to from first-party data, which can be used to accomplish many of the objectives that were made a little bit easier with cookies.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: So you don’t expect any impact on your media activities, just to be clear from that news?
John Wren: Very minor. But I expect, because we’ve been adjusting and we’ve been anticipating this for some period of time. There will be changes to everything. What happens today will be different to what happens tomorrow. But we’re not threatened by it. And it makes us more valuable.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, the more complexity there is in the marketplace, the more clients need our expertise and need us to help them solve some of the challenges that this creates for them, not just for us.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire: Many thanks.
John Wren: Good.
Philip Angelastro: Okay. Thank you everybody for taking the call and for joining us. And have a good rest of the day.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. To enter the queue for questions, please press one then zero. If you need assistance during the call, please press star then zero. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2019 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statement and other information that we have included at the end of our presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open the lines for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I’m pleased to speak to you this morning about our third quarter results. Organic growth for the quarter was 2.2%. Growth in the United States and several practice areas, core to our business, performed better than our overall results reflect. I’ll provide more color on this in just a few moments. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2018, we recorded a net gain from the sale of Sellbytel, offset by charges related to several dispositions and repositioning actions as well as certain 2017 Tax Act provisions. Phil will provide more details during his remarks. My remarks will exclude the impact of these items in comparing Q3 2019 results to Q3 2018.  Third quarter EBIT margin was 13.1%, an increase of 40 basis points versus the prior year, which was a bit better than our expectations, and EPS for the quarter was up 6.5% to $1.32 per share. Overall, our results continue to demonstrate the consistency and diversity of Omnicom’s operations, our ability to deliver consumer-centric strategic business solutions to our clients, and our best-in-industry creative talent combined with market-leading digital, data and analytical expertise.  Turning to our organic growth by discipline, advertising and media was up 3.4%. Our advertising and media agencies continue to rapidly evolve their offerings in a manner that has allowed them to remain highly relevant for their clients. Healthcare had another very strong quarter with growth of 9.5%. Omnicom health group has some of the top agencies in the world serving the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries, and the group is very well positioned for continued growth. CRM consumer experience, which includes digital and precision marketing, events, branding, and shopper marketing was up 1.8% in the quarter. Our precision marketing and digital agencies had high-single-digital growth in the quarter. This growth was offset by a reduction in project revenues in our events and shopper agencies. As expected, CRM execution and support was down 1.5%. Within this group, field marketing performed well in the quarter, while the not-for-profit specialty production and merchandising and point of sale businesses had negative growth.  Finally, PR was down 3.8% in the quarter. While some areas of PR faced difficult comps, our PR business underperformed. We are committing significant resources to improving the operations in our PR group. Looking at our performance by geography, the U.S. was up 2.7% in the quarter. Our advertising and media, healthcare and CRM experience business performed very well, and as a whole had mid-single-digit growth. This growth was offset by weak results in CRM execution and support, which we had expected and had discussed in past calls, and our PR business declined more than we expected.  Beyond the United States, the North American region, primarily consisting of Canada, was up 2.7% in the quarter. The U.K. was up 3%. Our agencies in the U.K. had very strong results across advertising and media and healthcare, partially offset by declines in CRM consumer experience and CRM execution and support.  Overall growth in the euro and non-euro regions was 1.6%. In the euro markets, Italy, the Netherlands, and Spain performed well. France had negative growth as it continued to be impacted by the loss of a specialty print production client, and our events business also had negative performance due to difficult comps. The non-euro markets overall performed quite well, led by the Czech Republic, Poland, and Russia.  Asia Pacific organic growth was 0.4%. India, Japan, and New Zealand had double-digit growth. Australia and China were negative in the quarter.  Latin America was up 6.6%. With the exception of Colombia, all of the countries in Latin America performed well in the quarter. Our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa, was down 4.5%, primarily due to weak performance in South Africa. Looking at our cash flow in the nine months of 2019, we generated just over $1.2 billion in free cash flow and returned approximately $960 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our use of cash remains unchanged: paying our dividend, pursuing accretive acquisitions, and repurchasing shares with the balance of our free cash flow. Our balance sheet and liquidity remain very strong. Overall, we’re pleased with our financial performance in this quarter and remain on track to achieve our full-year targets of 2019. Turning now to our strategy and operations, I’m pleased to report that we’re in a very strong competitive position. We’ve remained focused on our key strategic objectives that have served us well. These strategies are centered around hiring and retaining the best talent, driving organic growth by evolving our service offerings, improving operational efficiencies, and investing in areas of growth. As part of this process, we are continually making internal investments in our agencies across all of our practice areas as well as pursuing acquisitions particularly in the areas of data analytics, digital transformation, precision marketing, and healthcare.  Over the past few quarters, we have made good progress on enhancing our capabilities in digital transformation, machine learning, and audience-centric services. In the third quarter, Omnicom Precision Marketing Group, which manages our CRM and digital agencies, acquired a majority stake in Smart Digital. Smart Digital services and technology platforms are used to deliver large-scale, real-time personalization solutions that enable individual brand experiences and increase loyalty across all consumer touch points. It significantly strengthens OPMG’s offerings in decision sciences, automation, and machine learning.  Smart Digital follows on the heels of the Group’s acquisition of Credera. Credera overlays management consulting and digital transformation on top of OPMG’s existing CRM and digital offerings. In a little more than a year, Credera has helped us forge stronger relationships and partnerships with many of our multinational clients. We have continued to invest in its growth and are currently launching new offices in New York and Chicago. The acquisitions of Smart Digital and Credera have built upon OPMG’s already strong ability to work with clients from the very beginning of developing a marketing transformation strategy all the way through to campaign execution. These investments in OPMG are fully aligned with our investments in Omni. In order to execute CRM campaigns, OPMG agencies leverage their clients’ first party data and combine it with third-party data available through Omni to create powerful end-to-end individualized customer experience solutions.  As you are aware, Omni is our world-class, people-based data and analytical service platform. OPMG is one example of where our agencies are using Omni to enhance their offerings using data-driven solutions. Omni’s tools and applications are used by agencies across the group to deliver growth, efficiency, and scale to our clients. In fact, we’re very pleased that our ability to integrate data into the creative process was cited in a recent analysis from leading research and advisory firm, Forrester. When comparing data and technology platforms across the various holding companies, the report states that the Omni platform offers the most creative integration of agency platforms. This advantage was achieved because our investments in Omni were made for the purpose of servicing the specific needs of our agencies and clients. It cannot be achieved simply by buying legacy data platforms that weren’t built with the flexibility required to meet the rapidly changing demands of today’s marketers.  At Omnicom, creativity is at our core. We were founded by creators and it’s part of our DNA. Omni is used by our creative agencies to employ data-driven insights for developing the most effective marketing and advertising content for clients. While we continue to stress the importance of data analytics and technology, we also realize that they can only take us so far. As I’ve said before, these are tools in service of creativity and content, which is also why it’s critical that all of our agencies, from CRM to creative to media to PR, healthcare, experiential, and shopper leverage Omni.  To date, we have scaled Omni by training over 4,000 employees worldwide. This training is critical to our strategy because we know a platform is only as good as the people in our agencies who use it. As has been our long-held view, which Forrester eloquently stated in its report, it’s a combination of humans and machines that will give CMOs the data-driven execution they desire and agencies the new capabilities they need to remain relevant. I now want to highlight a few new business wins that have come organically from existing clients as well as adding new marketers to our roster of clients. In the third quarter, we deepened and expanded our existing engagements with some of the largest clients, including AstraZeneca, Novartis, Wells Fargo, and Unilever, who awarded us two of their product lines: Rexona to BBDO, and Sunsilk to adam&eveDDB. We also won several new client engagements from world-class marketers during the quarter. Kroger, the largest grocer in the United States and the second-largest retailer behind Wal-Mart, named DDB New York as its first ever creative agency of record. OMD won the global Boehringer Ingelheim animal health account, and Aliance [ph] named a number of Omnicom agencies for an integrated offering which will include creative media branding and PR. These results can only be obtained by having the best talent in the industry, who continue to be recognized by winning more of their share of industry awards. After winning big at the Cannes Lions Festival, seeing our agencies continue their winning streak at the 2019 Spikes Asia Festival of Creativity was especially gratifying. Here are a few highlights from Spikes, which is often referred to as the Cannes of Asia. We had two networks within the top three with BBDO being named Network of the Year for the sixth year in a row and TBWA placing third. BBDO also had a strong performance in the APAC Agency of the Year category with Colenso BBDO coming in first and BBDO Pakistan coming in third. Due to the outstanding work of our agencies, we walked away from the festival with over 120 Spike awards, 12 of which were Grand Prix which translates as the highest honors in over half of the Spike categories. In summary, we made significant strides in evolving our services, capabilities, and organization to better service our clients and their growing data needs while remaining grounded in our core business, creativity. We’re pleased with our financial performance in the third quarter which continued to reflect the benefits of our strategies. As we move forward in the fourth quarter, I’m confident that we are well positioned to deliver our internal targets for the full year 2019. I’ll now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the third quarter results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thank you John, and good morning. As John said, we had a solid quarter as our agencies continue to find a good balance between meeting the needs of their clients and managing their cost structures.  Before I start and as a reminder for comparison purposes, there were a number of items that impacted our prior year third quarter 2018 results. They included a pre-tax gain of $178 million on the disposition of Sellbytel, our European-based sales support business, along with a number of other small transactions; a pre-tax charge of $149 million related to repositioning actions primarily resulting from incremental severance and lease terminations; and additional tax expense of approximately $29 million resulting from adjustments for the provisional amounts originally recorded in connection with the 2017 Tax Act. As we reported last year, the net impact of these items increased our reported Q3 2018 operating profit by $29 million, net income by $18.2 million, and diluted earnings per share by $0.08; therefore, we will present our 2019 results in comparison to 2018 both with and without these items. The non-GAAP adjusted amounts on Slides 5 through 8 present last year’s results excluding these items and show how our underlying business performed year-on-year on a comparable basis, which we believe is a meaning presentation for investors and is consistent with how management analyzes our 2019 operating performance.  For the third quarter, organic revenue growth totaled 2.2% or $83 million. The continued strength of the U.S. dollar over the past 12 months created an FX headwind which reduced our reported revenue by $57 million or 1.5%. The reduction in revenue from dispositions made during the last 12 months primarily in our CRM execution and support discipline exceeded revenue from acquisitions in the quarter. As a result, our third quarter revenue was reduced by $117 million or about 3.1%. In total, our reported revenue decreased 2.4% or $3.6 billion in the quarter. We will discuss the drivers of the changes in revenue in more detail in a few minutes.  Moving to Slide 5, our operating profit, or EBIT for the quarter was $473 million with an operating margin of 13.1%. In comparison to last year’s non-GAAP adjusted results, operating income in total was effectively flat while operating margin was up 40 basis points. Q3 EBITDA was $495 million with a corresponding EBITDA margin of 13.6%, up 20 basis points versus the adjusted 2018 Q3 results. The improvement in margins when compared to last year continued to stem from our ongoing efforts to improve efficiency throughout the organization, particularly in the areas of real estate portfolio management, back office services, procurement, and IT services, as well as the change in business mix resulting from the strategic disposition of several non-core or underperforming agencies over the past year. Net interest expense for the quarter was $49.3 million, down $7.4 million compared to the third quarter of 2018 and down $900,000 versus Q2 of this year. Most of the decrease was a result of our refinancing activity this quarter; however, the full effect of the resulting decrease to interest expense will not occur until Q4. I’ll summarize the activity for you.  In early July, we issued €1 billion of senior notes in two parts. We issued €500 million of eight-year senior notes due in 2027 at an effective rate of 0.92%, and an additional €500 million of 12-year euro senior notes due in 2031 at an effective rate of 1.53%. Together, the euro note issuance, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses resulted in net proceeds of $1.1 billion at an average rate of 1.23%. Part of the proceeds were used to retire the $500 million of 6.25% 2019 senior notes came due in mid-July. In addition, we called $400 million of the 4.45% 2020 senior notes for redemption on August 1.  As a result of the refinancing activities this past quarter, our expected ongoing long-term debt portfolio will be comprised of $4 billion in U.S. dollar-denominated debt and €1 billion in euro-denominated debt. In addition, with the drop in long-term interest rates we opportunistically settled our fixed floating rate interest rate swaps at a small gain. As a result, our debt portfolio is now 100% fixed rate debt at very attractive rates. Total third party interest expense for the quarter decreased by $4.7 million when compared to Q3 of 2018. Interest income increased slightly by less than $1 million period over period. Interest expense on our debt decreased $3.9 million versus Q2 of 2019 and was also driven by the refinancing activity in the quarter, while interest income decreased $2.9 million. In Q4, we expect interest expense savings of approximately $9 million from the refinancing activities; however, total interest expense for Q4 and going forward will be subject to the translation of our newly issued euro note interest expense into dollars. Regarding income taxes, our reported effective tax rate for the third quarter was 26.5% and our year-to-date rate for 2019 now stands at 26%. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter will be a little bit higher, approximately 27%, excluding the impact of share-based compensation items which we cannot predict because they are subject to changes in our share price and the impact of future stock option exercises.  Earnings from our affiliates totaled $500,000 for the quarter, down slightly versus Q3 of last year, including the effect of FX rates, and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries was $22 million during the quarter, down $3.5 million versus the adjusted Q3 2018 amount. The gain on the Sellbytel disposition included about $7 million allocated to minority shareholders in Q3 2018.  For the quarter, after adjusting to exclude the net impact of the gain on the dispositions and repositioning charges and the additional tax expense recorded in connection with the Tax Act of $18.2 million, our net income was $290.2 million, which represented an increase of $9.5 million or 3.4% versus last year’s adjusted non-GAAP amount of $280.7 million. On a reported basis, our net income decreased by $8.7 million year-on-year. Now turning to Slide 6, our share repurchase activity over the past 12 months decreased our diluted share count for the quarter by 2.9% versus Q3 of last year to 219.4 million shares. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.32 per share, up $0.08 or 6.5% versus our non-GAAP diluted EPS of $1.24 in Q3 2018. Since these adjustments added $0.08 to last year’s quarterly diluted EPS, on a reported basis EPS was flat versus Q3 of last year.  On Slides 3 and 4, we provide the summary P&L, EPS, and other information for the year-to-date period. We’ve also provided the non-GAAP adjusted presentations for the nine months results on Slides 7 and 8, which also excludes the third quarter items that we separately reported last year. Since the year-to-date results are in line with our Q3 performance, I will just give you a few highlights.  Organic revenue growth was 2.5% during the first nine months of the year and in line with our expectations. FX translation decreased revenue by 2.5% and the net impact of acquisitions and dispositions reduced revenue by 3.5%. For the year-to-date period, reported revenue totaled $10.8 billion, a decrease of 3.5% compared to the first nine months of 2018. EBIT totaled a little under $1.5 billion and our year-to-date operating margin of 13.6% was up 40 basis points when compared to last year’s adjusted nine-month numbers. On a reported basis, EBIT margin was up 20 basis points and our nine-month diluted EPS was $4.17 per share, up $0.19 or 4.8% versus the adjusted diluted EPS of $3.98 and up $0.11 compared to the amount reported of $4.06. Returning to the details of our revenue performance in the third quarter, starting on Slide 9, because of the dollar’s continued strength in the third quarter, the FX impact on our reported revenue again created a headwind to our quarterly performance. The impact of changes in currency rates decreased reported revenue by 1.5%, $57 million in revenue for the quarter. The impact was once again widespread. On a year-over-year basis, the dollar strengthened against most every one of our major foreign currencies, except the Japanese yen and the Russian ruble.  The largest FX movements in the quarter continue to result from changes in the dollar compared to the euro, the U.K. pound, and the Australian dollar. Looking forward, if currencies stay where they currently are, we anticipate that the FX impact will again reduce our reported revenue by approximately 1.5% for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we’re currently estimating that the FX impact will be negative by approximately 2.25%. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $117 million in the quarter, or 3.1%. As we have mentioned, we completed the disposition of Sellbytel, our European-based sales support business, at the end of August 2018, so we have now cycled through the impact of that disposition. During the quarter, we acquired Smart Digital, a marketing technology agency based in Germany and welcome addition to our best-in-class precision marketing and digital transformation capabilities. Based on transactions completed to date, we estimate the impact of our acquisition activity net of dispositions will be a net negative of about 1.5% for the fourth quarter, resulting in a net negative impact of 3% for all of 2019. Finally, while remaining mixed by geography and by discipline, our organic growth for the third quarter was up 2.2% or $83 million. Geographically, our strongest performance was from our agencies based in the U.S., the U.K., Japan and Spain. Regarding our disciplines, our healthcare and advertising disciplines had solid performances and our CRM consumer experience discipline also performed well, while our PR and CRM execution and support disciplines lagged.  Slide 10 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the third quarter, the split was 56% for advertising and 44% for marketing services. As for their organic growth by discipline, advertising was up 3.4%. Our media businesses and advertising agencies continued to deliver solid performances, particularly domestically and in the U.K. CRM consumer experience was up 1.8% for the quarter. Once again, precision marketing had a very strong quarter, offsetting slightly sluggish performance elsewhere in the discipline which faced difficult comparisons to the prior year, especially in our branding businesses, while CRM execution and support was down 1.5%. PR, while mixed by market, was down 3.8%, and healthcare continued to turn in a very strong performance, up 9.5%. Once again, we saw solid growth across our agencies and the geographies they operate in. On Slide 11, which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter the split was 55% in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 10% for the U.K., 17% for the euro zone and the rest of Europe, 12% for Asia Pacific, with the remaining 5% split between our Latin America and Middle East and Africa markets.  Turning to the details of our performance by region on Slide 12, organic revenue growth in the third quarter in the U.S. was 2.7%, led by our advertising and media agencies and our healthcare and precision marketing agencies. Partially offsetting this was the performance of our PR agencies as well as our CRM execution and support agencies, including our not-for-profit and merchandising and point of sale agencies. Our other North American businesses were up 2.7% with media driving the organic growth. The U.K. was positive again this quarter, up 3% driven by strong performance from our advertising, media and healthcare agencies. The rest of Europe was up 1.6% organically in the quarter. The performance remains decidedly mixed by market and by discipline. In the euro zone, our strongest markets were Italy, the Netherlands and Spain. Germany was slightly positive in the quarter while France, driven by weak performance in our CRM execution and support businesses locally, once again lagged. Our organic growth in Europe outside the euro zone continues to be positive across most markets.  Several of our largest markets in Asia Pacific are facing difficult comps versus Q3 of 2018, when the region’s organic growth was in excess of 14%. Organic growth this quarter was a modest 4/10ths of a percent. Our Greater China agencies were down mainly due to decreases at our media agencies. As was the case in the second quarter, China was facing a difficult comparison to Q3 of 2018 when its growth was also double digits. Elsewhere in the region, we saw strong performance from our agencies in India, Japan and New Zealand. Latin America was up 6.6% organically in the quarter. Mexico and Chile were positive, while Colombia was down organically. Brazil had positive organic growth but our businesses there continue to encounter significant macroeconomic issues.  Lastly, the Middle East and Africa, which is our smallest region, was down for the quarter. Turning to Slide 13, we present our mix of revenue by our clients’ industry sectors. In comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2019 to 2018, we continue to see a small shift in our mix primarily as a result of the reduction of the contribution from our technology clients resulting from the Sellbytel disposition.  Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 14, you can see that in the first nine months of the year, we generated just over $1.2 billion of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital for the first nine months of 2019. As for the primary uses of that cash on Slide 15, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $423 million, up slightly versus the first nine months of the last year. As you recall, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.05 per share effective with April’s payment. The increase in the cash payment was partially offset by a reduction in common shares over the past 12 months. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $72 million. Capital expenditures were $77 million year-to-date, down compared to 2018 due to less leasehold improvement activity this year as well as an increase in our equipment leasing program. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, totaled $76 million, down when compared to last year when we executed on several acquisitions. Stock repurchases net of proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans increased to $540 million. All-in, we generated a little over $20 million in net free cash flow year-to-date. On Page 16, we present our capital structure as of September 30, which reflects the changes we discussed earlier regarding the refinancing actions we took in the quarter. Regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt is just a little over $5.1 billion and our net debt position at the end of the quarter was in line with our expectations at $2.67 billion, down $90 million from this time last year and up $1.4 billion compared to the year end 12/31/2018. Over the first nine months of the year compared to year end, the increase in net debt was primarily the result of the typical uses of working capital that historically occur as we progress through the year. Year-on-year, improvements in net debt are primarily due to improvements in our working capital management. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.2 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.1 times. While our interest coverage is 9.6 times, down due to the increase in interest expense and a reduction in reported EBITDA, we anticipate that our refinancing activity will positively impact this ratio going forward. Finally on Slide 17, you can see we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. The last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 23% while our return on equity was 54.6%.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. At this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you very much. I guess first off, just maybe for John, any color you can give us on how the advertisers you are always dealing sort of are feeling about the overall outlook? Are they incrementally nervous about the economy or is it more business not more so than usual? Just any update on the tone of business would be great. 
John Wren: I’d suggest that it’s business as usual. There are always macro concerns and they change from quarter to quarter or period to period, but there’s always something out there. Our folks are focused on our clients’ needs, and we don’t see any significant change for them.
Alexia Quadrani: Then on the CRM execution business, it sounds like it’s remaining weak in the U.S., and I think also you mentioned in the U.K. Is that a business that you should ultimately see turning or improving, or is it maybe something that you’re still assessing for potentially picking up more potential divestitures?
John Wren: We’re constantly--that’s the one sector we’ve been focused on over the course, really over the last two and a half years, and we continue to evaluate properties in that particular sector. Many of the companies there are affected by changes in technology, and that has an impact on the growth that we experienced, so that’s something – having said that, we continue to look at the entire portfolio, but--
Philip Angelastro: Yes, there’s certainly some good businesses in the portfolio and several categories that we think are promising. They may not be on the top of our list of categories that we’re going to actively pursue acquisitions in, but there are parts of the portfolio that we continue to work very hard with management on to improve, and there are other parts of the portfolio that are doing just fine.
Alexia Quadrani: I guess just lastly, just overall in the U.K. with just a little bit of a softening of the otherwise good growth you’ve seen, are you thinking anything sort of Brexit-related or is it just more kind of normal course of business?
John Wren: This quarter, I couldn’t attribute it to Brexit. It’s just some of the events businesses and some things that--projects and timing was off in terms of when they hit.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, we really haven’t seen any negative impacts of Brexit in our businesses at this point. We still certainly with our management teams keep a close eye on what the impacts might be, but nobody knows really when or if, never mind what the impact is going to be on our agencies themselves. But overall, we have a great portfolio of companies in the U.K. and they’ve been doing a great job for quite a while.
Alexia Quadrani: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. The first two for John, the last one for Phil. John, are you seeing any slowing in media like Publicis, or was it specific to them because that’s one of the three reasons they said that their organic was poor in Q3, that media was starting to slow? That’s my first question.  The second one is Q4, in the past you’ve always talked about it as an adjustment quarter. How do you see the adjustment this year - again, business as usual, or will macro make advertisers more nervous? That’s the second one. Then for Phil, just a housekeeping question on the Accuen impact, and then on the net interest guidance, you said $9 million savings, did you mean quarter on quarter or year on year? Thank you.
John Wren: I haven’t read the Publicis transcript, but our media business continues to perform very well as reflected in our numbers. It’s a very vibrant business and we continue to win our fair share, more than our fair share of accounts. With respect to the fourth quarter, I think I’ll say something very similar to what I’ve said the last 22 or 23 years of fourth quarters, and that is there’s always unidentified projects in the fourth quarter. They generally in our case start off looking like they’re $200 million around the end of September, and I think all but one of the years, with [indiscernible] with Great Recession, we’ve been able to fill those gaps in through projects and budget releases from clients who might have been holding back as of September 30. So, we’re cautiously optimistic as usual, and our people are very focused on gleaning that revenue.
Philip Angelastro: On your last question, Julien, on net interest expense, the reference was quarter on quarter for Q4. We anticipate savings in 2020 as well, but I think that might vary a little bit for each of the quarters in 2020, based on how much of the benefit we had already achieved. So as we get closer to starting to plan for 2020, we’ll be a little more definitive on what those numbers are as far as an expectation in 2020. 
Julien Roch: And Accuen?
Philip Angelastro: Oh, Accuen is just about flat. I think the number overall was down about $4 million.
Julien Roch: Okay, fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead. 
Craig Huber: [Indiscernible] question. John, what’s your updated thought right now on the U.S. economy as [indiscernible]?
John Wren: I don’t know if it’s a cell phone. You’re breaking up a little bit. Can you please repeat it? 
Craig Huber: Yes, it is a cell phone, I’ll speak a little slower, maybe. What’s your thought, John, on the U.S. economy? Do you feel like that’s holding you back on your organic revenue in the U.S.?
John Wren: I think the U.S. economy is strong. I think, as I said in my remarks, when we look at our core businesses, the ones that we anticipate growth from, they grew very well, mid-single digits. They were dragged down by events and some projects which did not come through in the quarter, and there has been some variance in that business this year, also some impacts in the shopper marketing area which we expect will grow through at some point. Then as Phil was mentioning before in an earlier question, some of the CRM execution businesses were a bit challenged, and as I mentioned in the call, our PR business was challenged this quarter. If that had simply been flat, our reported organic growth would have been a lot higher, so you can do the math simply by looking at our presentation and we’re working on that.
Craig Huber: Also John, could I ask [indiscernible].
John Wren: I’m sorry, Craig--
Philip Angelastro: Yes, we’re having trouble hearing you, Craig.
Craig Huber: I’m not sure what’s going on. Is there much difference in each of the three months for your organic growth in the third quarter versus that 2.2% overall?
Philip Angelastro: I think I heard that. I think the question was, was there much of a difference month by month in our organic growth?
Craig Huber: Yes.
Philip Angelastro: I think the answer is we don’t really look at it that way. Each month, we don’t do a hard close like we do each quarter and at year-end, so while directionally we certainly are focused on the monthly results that our agencies submit, we’re also looking at their forecasts for full quarter and the year as we review the results with the companies, because the timing might vary month by month of when a project was completed or how the month played out versus last year, so we’re really focused on the quarterly results and the full year. I don’t think I would say there was anything significantly different month by month or year on year relative to each month in terms of how we look at the business.
Craig Huber: But another question, if you can hear me, for the consumer packaged goods clients -CPG, are you seeing any stabilization there with the revenues?
Philip Angelastro: I think in our case, CPG relative to some of our competitors is not as large a component of our portfolio of clients, and I think our results are probably mixed with our CPG clients. Some of them have in fact--some of our revenues have in fact come down, and some of our revenues on other clients in the CPG space have gone up a bit, so I think it’s probably a mixed performance for us as opposed to one overall trend for all of our clients in that space.
John Wren: The only thing I would add to that, Craig, is we’ve been fortunate to be winning business in that category. As I mentioned in my comments, Unilever signed two of its previous brands to us just recently, so net-net-net, we’re okay.
Philip Angelastro: Thanks Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks. A couple things, please. First off, can you remind us, maybe Phil, what the timing is on rolling off of the effect of the dispositions? It looks like the effect is slowing into Q4 with less of a negative impact. Do you cycle through that as of Q1? Relatedly, is there any impact on the organic growth that you could call out as it refers to that, i.e. has them coming off this year helped raise your organic growth a little bit this year?  Secondly and more broadly strategically on the data driven businesses, the digital transformation businesses you talked about, you’ve mostly built these and you’ve talked about these quite a bit the last few quarters. You’ve now referred to a couple of acquisitions, I guess they’re relatively small. I just wonder if there’s any shift in strategy towards more acquisitions in this space and if you could comment, maybe, on where you see this line of business going. You’re talking a bit more about IT, a bit more about consulting. What kind of work may be emerging in this area? Thanks. 
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I’ll start with the dispositions and then I’ll pass your second question onto John. As far as the impact in 2020 and 4Q19, 4Q19 I think in our prepared remarks, we said we expect dispositions to outweigh acquisitions by about 1.5%, so 1.5% negative in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter based on dispositions and acquisitions we’ve completed to date and in the past, the first quarter we expect probably is going to be somewhere around negative 0.5% and after that, it kind of flattens out. Our expectation is similar to our strategy that we’ve been pursuing pretty consistently, we’re going to continue to try and find accretive acquisitions and as many as we can find that are in line with our criteria in terms of it being a good fit with our existing portfolio of businesses and/or clients, it’s on strategy, and the pricing is fairly reasonable. We’re going to pursue those acquisitions and if we can do more, we want to do more. The expectation, though, is--or the number is just based on what we’ve completed to date. Our expectation is we’re going to continue to pursue those acquisitions and the goal would be for that number to turn positive again. In terms of just the second part of that question, the impact of those dispositions on our organic growth in the quarter in ’19, I’d say it really hasn’t impacted our organic growth one way or the other in a meaningful way. There might have been a little bit of a benefit, but not meaningful enough to call it out.
Tim Nollen: Okay.
John Wren: In terms of our focus, I’ll refer you back to my prepared remarks where I said that our primary focus in pursuing acquisitions is in the area of data analytics, digital transformation and precision marketing across most of our practice areas. But to echo Phil’s point, we won’t throw reckless money at things we’re capable of building, so we’re very disciplined about the acquisitions we make. 
Philip Angelastro: Just one last point. I think in terms of some of the deals we completed recently, Credera, which has been with us for a little while now, has really worked out well. It’s been integrated into our precision marketing group and has grown quite nicely. To the extent that, as John said, we can find more deals in the areas that we’re particularly interested in, we’re going to pursue them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, good morning. Two questions. One, I was curious--John, I know you mentioned you didn’t read or listen to the Publicis call, and I feel bad asking you about someone else’s comments, but one of the things they’ve talked about for a long time has been the impact of attrition in the U.S., sort of in-housing or in-sourcing particularly around media. They’re obviously a large company. I’m just curious if you see that as a trend; if you do, it doesn’t seem to be impacting your financials, so how are you offsetting that, or maybe you just don’t see it as much of a factor in the business as they do.  Then I just wanted to ask about the Disney win. I know you guys don’t like to talk about specific account wins and losses too much, but that’s a sizeable one. I’m just curious if you could help us think about how incremental that is to the existing Disney business and when we might see that start impacting your results. 
John Wren: Again, I haven’t studied Publicis’ media business. I was a little bit shocked to see it was in decline because earlier in the year, they won a couple of very large accounts. I’m not on the inside of it, so I can’t tell you the answer. They probably have suffered more than we certainly have because of their CPG clients and some of the changes that are happening there, but again I can’t speak for Publicis with any accuracy, so you have to take that comment with a grain of salt.  The Disney win is very important, but part of that win was business we already had, so it was incremental business that we received but we were able to defend our business very well. We’re very pleased with our relationship there and look forward to it growing as we go forward.
Philip Angelastro: As far as when the transition exactly is going to benefit us, I’m not sure that it’s going to be any different than any other client situation. There will be a transition period and I think our intention will be to help transition what we don’t have as quickly as we can. A lot of that is based on how quickly the client wants the change to occur.
Ben Swinburne: Maybe just John, as a follow-up, is bringing more and more media in-house a CPG specific trend in your mind, or do you think it’s broader? You mentioned that piece of the puzzle before.
John Wren: I haven’t truly studied it that closely. I mean, technology changes what comes in house and what stays out at an agency. Oftentimes somebody was doing something with us and they decide to in-house, we follow them in-house to help them set up and grow, and that just enhances the relationship. But I think the most dramatic changes that we’ve noticed on in-housing has really been in the CPG area. Others do it, but they do it for a while, some of them do it for a while and then decide that they can’t do it and come back to us. It’s just a constant--
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I mean, clients have been experimenting with in-housing for years. We expect they’ll continue to do so. With your question specifically geared toward media, there are some significant investments required and we made them and we’ve been making them over the last 10-plus years, and they’re not easy to duplicate. In our business, we’ve been looking to do more outsourcing to specialists who can do some of the functions that we’ve been performing internally more efficiently and effectively, so we don’t see this trend as much different than ultimately clients eventually going back to the specialists and the people that have made the necessary investments and that can get the scale and the skills to help them achieve what they’re trying to achieve. I think given the timing and the market is about to open, we have time for one more call.
Operator: That question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks, appreciate it. I’ll be quick. One for John, one for John and Phil. So John, given the problems that these European competitors of yours have in North America, it’s pretty obvious they’re losing a lot of share here to you. Are you seeing any change in the competitive pressure to either retain talent or on deal terms, or anything that y9ou see happening in the marketplace due to their weakness? 
John Wren: Not that I could call out individually. We have always--in terms of talent, we’re always in search--we think we have the best talent in the industry and we’re always in an effort to acquire more of that better talent. In that regard, there’s a lot of recruiting that goes on within the industry. I don’t know if that quite fully answers your question, but--.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I don’t think we’ve seen dramatic changes in terms of deal terms, and it certainly hasn’t eased if--you know, as a result of our competitors maybe being less active on the acquisition front.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, and then let me ask you both, on dividends versus buybacks, you’ve called out where you’ve financed your long-term paper at - it’s incredibly cheap how low rates are. Is there any internal thinking about maybe positioning more of your capital returns to dividends versus buybacks as time goes on, I guess to make the stock more attractive? Is that a conversation that you guys have entered into at all? 
Philip Angelastro: Dividends are a matter that our board considers on a periodic basis, and it’s something that we certainly discuss a few times a year. The board looks at it very seriously. We certainly want to be as consistent as we can in terms of our dividend policy and our capital allocation policy, and I think we think we’ve certainly done that. I don’t think we have any intentions of changing it in any significant way, but it is more of a board decision.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you all for taking the time to join us on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom second quarter 2019 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. To enter the queue for questions, please press one then zero. If you need assistance during the call, please press star then zero. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Philo Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statement and other information that we have included at the end of our presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open the lines for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I’m pleased to speak to you this morning about our second quarter results. We had another good quarter with organic growth of 2.8%, which is in line with our internal targets. Total revenue was down 3.6% due to the negative impact of foreign exchange rates and acquisitions net of dispositions. EBIT margin was 15.4%, an increase of 30 basis points versus the prior year, and EPS for the quarter was up 5% to $1.68 per share. The results continue to demonstrate consistency and diversity of Omnicom’s operations, our ability to deliver consumer-centric strategic business solutions to our clients, and our best-in-industry creative talent combined with market-leading digital data and analytical expertise.  Organic growth in the quarter was broad-based across our agencies, disciplines and client sectors. Looking first across disciplines, advertising and media was up 4.4% with both advertising and media practices experiencing good growth in the quarter. CRM consumer experience was up 1.9%. Our precision marketing and digital agencies had double-digit growth in the quarter. This growth was offset by negative performance in our events business, which had difficult comps as compared to the prior year. As expected, CRM execution and support was down 2.6%. Healthcare continues to be one of our best performing practice areas with growth of 8.4%. Omnicom health group has the top agencies in the world serving the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries and the group is very well positioned for continued growth, and PR was down 1.3% in the quarter.  Turning now to our performance by geography, the U.S. was up 3.2% in the quarter driven by strong results in advertising and media, healthcare, and our precision marketing group, offset by declines in our events business and in CRM execution and support. Beyond the U.S., the North American region primarily consisting of Canada was up 11.8% in the quarter. The U.K. was 5.7%. Our agencies in the U.K. had solid results across advertising and media, healthcare, precision marketing and PR, offset by declines in our CRM execution and support business. Overall growth in the euro and non-euro region was 1.5%. In the euro markets, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain, performed well. France had negative growth as it continued to be impacted by the loss of a specialty print production client. This impact will not cycle out until the first quarter of 2020. Our events businesses in France also had a negative performance due to difficult comps versus 2018. In the non-euro markets, the Czech Republic, Russia and Switzerland had better than average growth. Asia Pacific organic growth was 1.9% led by New Zealand and Japan. China had negative growth. Latin America was down 2.4% primarily due to the continuing challenges we face in Brazil. While we took several actions in the first half of 2019 to rationalize our operations in Brazil, we expect 2019 will continue to be a difficult year.  Our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa, was down 8.3%. Lastly, as Phil will discuss in more detail during his remarks, in early July we issued €1 billion in both eight and 12-year bonds at very attractive interest rates of 1.2%. Overall, we’re very pleased with our performance this quarter. Omnicom’s success is ground in our steady focus on our growth strategies. We continue to hire and develop the best talent in the industry with a fundamental commitment to creativity and diversity. We remain focused on relentlessly pursuing organic growth by expanding our service offerings to our existing clients and winning new business, continuing to invest in high growth areas and opportunities through internal initiatives and acquisitions, and we remain vigilant on driving efficiencies throughout our organization, increasing EBIT and shareholder value. Let me now discuss what we’re seeing in the marketplace and how our strategies enable us to sustain our financial performance. Having recently returned from the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity, a key takeaway was the return to celebrating creativity as the most sought after force in our industry. Before I speak about our creative IP, I’d like to spend a few minutes on the tools we’ve built to support our creators. In 2009 we launched Analect, our core data analytics and insights group with the responsibility for consolidating and developing our data and tech stacks. Analect was established to deliver more effective and targeted media for our clients. It has been instrumental in enhancing the services and capabilities of our media business over the years.  Last year, we took another step forward when Analect launched our people-based precision marketing and insights platform, called Omni. Omni provides data and analytics, cultural insights, content inspiration, and tech tools to inform powerful and connected brand strategies orchestrated across every touch point, whether it’s marketing, sales or service, and through all media. These tools are developed to empower our people to derive better outcomes and results for their clients, and they are available across our media, creative and CRM agencies.  Importantly, our data and analytics strategy is focused on three areas. First is ensuring that the platforms remain open. We prefer to rent the right data and technology that can improve our agility and client integration at any point in time, rather that invest in legacy data assets and platforms that can easily become obsolete. Second, we are making selective, focused investments to develop and integrate differentiated tools in one place in support of the services our agencies offer, and last, we have prioritized these capabilities in our key markets. While we have been and remain keenly focused on the importance of data analytics and technology, we also realize they can only take us so far. Our investment in data and analytics has been made with the understanding that they are tools in service of creativity and content. As I’ve said before, our true source of differentiation, our IP, is our ability to bring deep consumer insights to our clients in lockstep with brilliant creative ideas driving business results. We are delivering on this promise by continuing to invest in our agency brands.  Omnicom was founded by creators. Creativity which is in our DNA is bred through deep culture that must be nurtured over time, in our case, since our formation. It is not something that can be acquired or sold. We have also encouraged our agencies to maintain their unique positioning and go-to-market strategies. This differentiation attracts top talent and leads to breakthrough ideas and results for our clients.  Our creativity supported by data and insights was a key reason for Omnicom’s success at the annual Cannes Lions Festival. For the second consecutive year, we were named Holding Company of the Year with approximately 123 of our agencies across 35 countries winning over 200 lions. Speaking to the strength of our individual brands, all three of our creative networks - DVB, BBDO, and TBWA, placed in the top five of Network of the Year category. In addition, we were extremely pleased to have Jeff Goodby and Rich Silverstein, founders of Goodby, Silverstein and Partners, receive this year’s Lion of St. Mark Award. As the Chairman of Cannes Lions said, this award was given to Jeff and Rich because of their profound influence not only in creating groundbreaking work but also inspiring others to create great work too. It was a proud moment to see their legacy recognized. One of TBWA’s longest standing clients, Apple, was also honored this year at Cannes as the 2019 Creative Marketer of the Year. This award recognizes an organization that demonstrates sustained creative excellence and distinguishes itself by embracing collaboration between partners and agencies to produce truly outstanding creative campaigns. Cannes Lions is just one example of how our agencies excelled this quarter. Let me just mention a few other recent highlights of how our agencies were recognized around the globe. At the 2019 One Show Awards, Omnicom was named Creative Holding Company of the Year and DVB was named Network of the Year. FleishmanHillard was named Large Agency of the Year at the 2019 Sabre Awards. At this year’s D&AD Pencil of the Year, DVB was ranked number one network of the year with BBDO coming in at number two. At the 2019 ADC Awards, TBWA was named Network of the Year, and for ad agency A-lists, both Goodby, Silverstein and Partners and TBWA were honored in the top five. These awards reflect our outstanding creativity and talent. People drive our business success whether they are pitching new business, helping our clients to create powerful brands, designing interactive web experiences, or planning multi-platform media campaigns. We support them with a diverse inclusive environment that nurtures their creative energy. This means diversity in backgrounds, race, gender, age, and experience. Omnicom’s commitment to diversity and inclusion starts at the top with our board of directors. I’m proud to report that Omnicom was recently recognized by Fortune Magazine as only one of six Fortune 500 companies that have more women than men on its board of directors.  At a broader level, Omnicom was part of history last month as a platinum sponsor of the first ever World Pride Celebration in New York City, which also marked the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall uprising. Working closely with New York City Pride, several Omnicom agencies joined forces to provide branding and PR work for this year’s celebration, including Interbrand, RAP, Siegel+Gale, TBWA, World Health, Harrison and Star, FleishmanHillard, Ketchum, Porter Novelli, and Rx Mosaic. It was an incredible team effort with planning and execution taking place over the course of two years. We’re proud to celebrate our LGBTQ employees and show support for the greater community the best way we know how - through our work. In summary, we made significant strides in changing our services capability and organization to better serve our clients while always staying true to our commitment to creativity. We are pleased with our financial performance in the second quarter, which continued to reflect the benefits of our strategies. As we move into the second half of the year, we are well positioned to deliver on our internal targets for the full year 2019.  I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the second quarter results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thank you John, and good morning. As John said, results for the second quarter of 2019 were in line with our expectations. Our operating results continue to be drive by outstanding client service provided by our agencies and net new business wins, along with positive impact that our efficiency initiatives have had on our cost structure and the benefits from the change in mix resulting from our repositioning actions. For the second quarter, organic revenue growth totaled 2.8% or $108 million. The continued strength of the U.S. dollar over the past 12 months created an FX headwind, reducing our reported revenue by $100 million or 2.6%. The reduction in revenue from dispositions made during the last 12 months primarily in our CRM execution and support discipline exceeded revenue from acquisitions in the quarter. As a result, our second quarter revenue was reduced by $148 million or about 3.8%. In total, our reported revenue decreased 3.6% to $3.7 billion in the quarter. We will discuss the drivers of the changes in revenue in more detail in a few minutes. Turning to the income statement items below revenue, our Q2 operating profit, or EBIT, was $574 million with a resulting operating margin of 15.4%, which was up 30 basis points when compared to the second quarter of 2018, and our EBITDA for the quarter was $595 million, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 16%, up 20 basis points compare to last year’s Q2. We continue to see benefits from the change in business mix resulting from the disposition of several non-strategic or underperforming agencies over the past year. We also continue to seek out opportunities to increase operational efficiency throughout our organization focused on our real estate, back office services, procurement, and IT support services. These actions continue to positively impact our operating performance. Net interest expense for the quarter was $50.2 million, down $2.3 million compared to the second quarter of 2018 and up $4.2 million versus Q1 of this year. Interest expense on our debt increased $2.2 million in the second quarter of 2019 versus Q2 of 2018. This was driven by higher rates on our fixed to floating interest rate swaps which were partially offset by a decrease in interest expense due to a reduction in commercial paper activity compared to the prior year. As you may recall, this past February we issued €520 million of zero percent short term senior notes in a private placement to an investor outside the United States. Those notes will mature in August of 2019. As a result, we’ve been able to reduce our other short-term borrowing needs, including our commercial paper issuances, which lowered our interest expense year-over-year. The reduction in commercial paper activity relative to 2018 is expected to continue through the maturity of the notes next month.  Interest income increased $2.5 million versus Q2 of 2018 as a result of an increase in our cash balances available for investment at our treasury centers. When compared to Q1 of 2019, interest expense increased $3.6 million primarily due to commercial paper borrowings during Q2 compared to no CP borrowings during Q1 of 2019. Additionally, interest income from our treasury center activities decreased versus Q1.  As you are aware, in early July we took steps to refinance some of our debt. I will provide more details related to this later on in the presentation. Regarding income taxes, our reported effective tax rate for the second quarter was 24.9%, lower than our projected effective tax rate for the full year 2019. The reduction during the quarter was primarily related to the net favorable settlement of uncertain tax positions in various jurisdictions which resulted in the recognition of net deferred tax assets in the second quarter of 2019 of approximately $11 million. We expect our effective tax rate for the third and fourth quarters to be in line with our previously estimated tax rate of 27%.  Earnings from our affiliates was $1.2 million in the second quarter of 2019, relatively flat compare to Q2 of 2018. The allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased to $23.4 million primarily due to our disposition activity as well as the impact of FX. As a result, net income for the second quarter was $370.7 million, up 1.8% or $6.5 million when compared to the $364.2 million in Q2 of 2018.  Now turning to Slide 2, our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 3.2% versus Q2 of last year to 220.9 million shares. As a result, our diluted EPS for the second quarter was $1.68, which is an increase of $0.08 or 5% when compared to our reported Q2 EPS for last year. On Slides 3 and 4, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information year to date. I will give you just a few highlights.  Organic revenue growth was 2.7% during the first six months of the year. FX translation decreased revenue by 3% and the net impact of acquisitions and dispositions reduced revenue by 3.7%, though for the year-to-date period revenue totaled $7.2 billion, a decrease of 4% compared to the first six months of 2018. EBIT totaled just over $1 billion and our year-to-date operating margin of 13.9% was up 50 basis points when compared to the first six months of 2018. Our six-month diluted EPS was $2.85 per share, which was up $0.12 or 4.4% versus the first six months of 2018.  Turning to the components of our revenue change in the second quarter, which is detailed on Page 5, on a year-over-year basis the strengthening of the dollar continues to create a significant FX headwind in our reported revenue. The impact of changes in currency rates decreased reported revenue by $100 million or 2.6% for the quarter. As has been the case since the third quarter of 2018, the strengthening in the second quarter of 2019 was widespread. On a year-over-year basis, the dollar once again strengthened against every one of our major foreign currencies. The largest FX movements in the quarter were from the euro, the U.K. pound, the Australian dollar, Chinese Yuan, and the Brazilian real. Looking forward, if currencies stay where they currently are, the negative impact on our reported revenues is expected to be approximately 1% for the third quarter and 0.5% in the fourth quarter, resulting in a negative impact for the full year of between 1.75% and 2%.  The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $148 million in the quarter or 3.8%, in line with the impact we’d previously projected and primarily driven by the Sellbytel disposition and other actions we took from the second half of last year through the first quarter of 2019. We will cycle through the most significant of last year’s dispositions by the end of this coming September. Based on transactions we’ve completed to date, our current expectations are that the impact of our acquisition activity net of dispositions will continue to be negative by approximately 3% for the third quarter and 1.5% for the fourth quarter, resulting in an anticipated negative impact of 3% for the year. Turning to organic growth, it was up $108 million for the quarter or 2.8%. By discipline for the quarter, we again saw mixed performance. Advertising and healthcare led the way with solid organic growth. Our CRM consumer experience businesses also performed well this quarter, while PR and CRM execution and support continued to lag. Geographically, our U.S. and U.K. businesses had the strongest performance. Asia and continental Europe were also positive overall, although performance was mixed with several markets facing difficult comparisons to Q2 of last year, while our two smallest regions, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa, both were negative for the quarter.  Slide 6 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the first quarter, the split was 56% for advertising and 44% for marketing services. As for our organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was up 4.4%. Advertising’s organic growth was led by our media businesses along with solid performances by most of our global and national advertising agencies. CRM consumer experience was up 1.9% for the quarter. Strong performance from our precision marketing group was partially offset by reductions at our events businesses, which faced difficult comparisons back to Q2 of 2018. Also within the discipline, branding saw good growth while our shopper and commerce businesses were slightly positive. CRM execution and support continued to underperform this quarter. Positive performance by our field marketing businesses in continental Europe was more than offset by the negative performance from our merchandising and point-of-sale businesses, as well as our specialty production businesses. PR was down 1.3%. Performance in the discipline continues to be mixed by geographic region. The U.K. and Asia were positive while our U.S., continental Europe and Latin America agencies were negative. Healthcare was up 8.4%. As has been the case for the past year, growth has been well balanced across the regions these agencies operate in.  On Slide 7, which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter the split was 54% in the U.S., a bit higher than typical because of the strength of the dollar relative to the other currencies we operate in; 3% for the rest of North America, 10% in the U.K., 18% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 3% for Latin America, and the balance from our Middle East and Africa markets.  As for the details of our performance by region on Slide 8, organic revenue growth in the second quarter in the U.S. was 3.2%, led by our advertising and media, healthcare, and CRM consumer experience agencies. Our domestic PR agencies were down slightly while our CRM execution and support agencies had sluggish performance. Our other North American businesses were up year-on-year driven by the strength of our precision marketing and media offerings. The U.K. was positive again this quarter, up 5.7% with growth across most disciplines; however, the uncertain regarding the U.K.’s departure from the EU, now scheduled for the fourth quarter of this year, continues. The rest of Europe was up 1.5% organically in the quarter, though the performance was decidedly mixed by market and discipline. In our euro markets, while Spain and Italy continued to turn in strong performances this quarter, we saw weakness in Germany and a negative performance in France. Our organic growth in Europe outside the euro zone continues to be positive.  With many of our major markets in Asia Pacific facing difficult comps versus Q2 of 2018, organic growth was 1.9% with Japan and New Zealand having strong performances this quarter. Our greater China agencies were down organically for the quarter due to reductions in our media businesses and in our events businesses. China in particular was facing a difficult comparison to the prior period. Latin America was down 2.4% organically in the quarter due to weakness at our Brazilian agencies, which continue to face significant macroeconomic forces in the market, while Mexico was flat for the quarter. Lastly, the Middle East and Africa, which is our smallest region, was down for the quarter. On Slide 9, we present our revenue by industry sector. In comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2019 to 2018, we continue to see a slight shift in our mix of business with an increase in the contribution of our pharma clients offset by a decrease from our technology clients, primarily as a result of the Sellbytel disposition. Turning to our cash flow performance, which we detail starting on Slide 10, in the first half of the year we generated $814 million of free cash flow, including changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 11, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $280 million, up slightly versus the first six months of last year. The $0.05 per share increase in the quarterly dividend that was effective with the quarterly payment in April was partially offset by a reduction in common shares over the past 12 months. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $46 million. Capital expenditures were $49 million year-to-date, down compared to 2018 due to less leasehold improvement activity and an increase in our equipment leasing program. Acquisitions including earn-out payments totaled $34 million, a decrease when compared to this point last year, and stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans increased to $524 million. All in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $120 million in the first half of 2019. Before discussing the details of our capital structure at the end of the quarter on Slide 12, I want to review the steps we recently took related to refinancing some of our debt. On July 8, we issued €500 million of eight-year senior notes due in 2027 at an effective rate of 0.92% and we issued an additional €500 million of 12-year senior notes due in 2031 at 1.53%. Together, the euro note issuance after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses resulted in net proceeds of $1.1 billion at an average rate of 1.23%.  Part of the proceeds were used to retire the $500 million 2019 senior notes which matured this past Monday, July 15. In addition, on July 2 we called $400 million of the 2020 senior notes for redemption on August 1. The balance of the proceed will be used for general corporate purposes.  Our expected ongoing long-term debt portfolio will be comprised of 4 billion in dollar-denominated debt and 1 billion in euro-denominated debt. We expect interest expense for the second half of 2019 to be reduced when compared to 2018 by approximately $3 million in Q3 after recording an expected book loss on the early extinguishment of part of our 2020 notes, and by $10 million in Q4. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.6 billion, up around $1.4 billion compared to year-end December 31, 2018. The increase in net debt was a result of the typical uses of working capital, which historically are highest the first half of the year and which totaled about $1.3 billion, as well as the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of approximately $120 million.  These increases in net debt were partially offset by the cash we received from our disposition activity of $75 million and the slightly positive effect of exchange rates on cash during the first six months of the year which increase our cash balance by about $10 million. Compared to June 30, 2018, our net debt is down approximately $340 million. The decrease was primarily driven by the positive change in operating capital during the past 12 months of approximately $205 million and the cash proceeds received from the sale of subsidiaries during the past year of $385 million. Partially offsetting these increases over the past 12 months was an overspend of our free cash flow of approximately $80 million and the negative impact of FX on our cash balances, which was also approximately $80 million.  As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.3 times, reflecting the issuance of the euro-denominated zero coupon note in Q1, while our net debt to EBITDA ratio fell to 1.1 times. Due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased to 9.6 times but remains strong. Finally on Slide 13, you can see we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. In the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 23.3% and our return on equity was 56.3%.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. At this point, we’re going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you so much. Just two questions. I guess first off, just following up on the ongoing improvement in the U.S. organic growth, I know it’s kind of nitpicking, it’s not necessarily the way you guys look at it, but if you have some color you can give us on whether you think the improvement is really driven by the better influx or better mix of new business wins, less losses, or are you really seeing some underlying improvement at your agencies or in existing client spend?
John Wren: You said you had a second question?
Alexia Quadrani: I do. You want me to ask it now?
John Wren: Yes, go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: It’s just on international. You gave great color - thank you, John - about the different regions in the quarter, and I think you mentioned that Brazil, for example, would be a challenge for the rest of the year. I’m curious if you have any other color you can add about the outlook of the other major regions, how we should look to the other major regions for the back half of the year.
John Wren: Okay. In terms of U.S. organic growth, you’re absolutely right - we do not look at it on a quarterly basis. We look at it across the year and what we expect clients to spend, because money can shift from quarter to quarter and when you’re in the 2 to 3% growth range, those shifts have a meaningful impact on the percentages that we report. We had a solid performance. I mean, I think contributing to it was where clients decided to spend and some of the new business wins from last year, but there is not--I can’t point out any one obvious reason for the particular growth that we reported. Phil might have a--?
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think any one quarter doesn’t necessarily make a trend, but we were pleased with the results with respect to the U.S. performance. Our overall outlook for the company has always been on the consolidated growth profile. We don’t necessarily nitpick it by country or by region, but we were certainly pleased with the second quarter. John’s referenced that the percentages themselves within a quarter can vary, so we’re certainly cautiously optimistic about the second half.
John Wren: In terms of international growth, Brazil we do point out because we’ve had to take actions and it is still a work in progress for us to get it to the level that we would like it to be. As you go across the rest of the world, the uncertainties that exist because of geopolitical decisions will have some impact on what goes on with our clients and spending. We cannot predict what’s going to happen with Brexit. The good news is we don’t have a lot of financial service clients in the U.K. We don’t know what’s going to happen with tariffs and what the reaction to that is going to be, so we remain cautious, optimistic but cautious, and trying to gain market share in all the places we operate in.
Alexia Quadrani: Just one follow-up on your U.S. commentary, some of the new business was--some of the headline clients, which I know is not necessarily everything that you see, it seemed a little slower to ramp post their announcements that they shifted their accounts to Omnicom late last year. Do you see still from what you see today, maybe a greater tailwind of new business benefit in the back half of the year than you did in the first half?
John Wren: You’re correct in your comment that some of those headline accounts are slower to ramp up and will start to contribute more in the second half, but I don’t think meaningfully enough to affect our overall guidance of growth of 2 to 3%. 
Alexia Quadrani: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: John, I wonder if you could elaborate a bit more please on your commentary on renting data and technology rather than buying. It is quite a difference from at least two of your peers, and yet your growth rate has been better than at least one of those. I just wonder if you could give us a bit more on the logic behind this and what difference it actually makes to work with third party data versus having access to first party data, and in terms of renting technology versus owning. Thanks.
John Wren: Okay. Well, as an overall statement, since it seems to be of interest to not only you but probably others, we did look at both of those acquisitions that our competitors made, and if we thought they were worth it, we would have purchased them ourselves. But going back to your question, there’s risk when you do a transaction like that. There’s huge integration risk. You’ve seen it in some instances in other companies in our industry where they’ve done--previously done very large acquisitions for their size and not really been able to successfully integrate them within a relatively short period of time. The other thing, the other real risk is they are legacy businesses. In Europe, most of them don’t operate but they have GDPR. I can’t tell what the risk is going to be to that data, delivering safe data for brands and what the regulations are going to be in the United States, let alone China or anywhere else, so to us as we looked at it, the risk versus the data versus our ability to obtain the same data but in a very relevant, up-to-date way, there was no ROI on the transactions for us.  Our systems have always been open and unbiased, and we think that’s critical. It’s critical for us to get the best results for our clients, and we’re focused on creating meaningful outcomes for our clients. I have never wanted to be in a position where the way I sell you something or the way I work on your behalf, you have to buy what legacy systems that I put in place and I don’t have any flexibility of changing those systems to improve them with whatever the marketplace seems to offer, or needs to offer. 
Phil Angelastro: I’d just add, we’ve been building and investing in the Analect and Omni platform for the last 10 years. It’s something that we’ve done internally, spent an awful lot of time and energy in having one common platform that’s going to continue to evolve, and as John had said, in an open fashion. It’s also a global platform, not just a U.S. platform, and we’re going to continue to invest in it going forward and maintain the flexibility we have to work with various best-in-class partners and get the data that we need, when we need it from a variety of sources. It’s a much more flexible approach and one that we can scale.
Tim Nollen: Can I just tack onto that last bit that you just mentioned, Phil, about--and it’s again back to the first versus third party data. Do you have access to the first party data you need? We hear more and more about how important that is. Do you have that, or do you disagree that it’s so important, that third party data serves your purposes?
Phil Angelastro: Keep in mind the first party data is the client’s data. It’s not our data. I think to the extent we need it to help whichever client we’re working with, we can easily and effectively help clients integrate our third party data with their first party data in a very effective way. We do that for many clients today and we expect to continue to do that in the future. We don’t see a situation where in the short term or even in the long term, that clients are essentially going to give up the ownership of that first party data, but they need a partner to help them to more meaningfully merge that data with relevant third party data to come up with solutions to help them reach the consumers they’re trying to reach.
John Wren: Said another way, we don’t need to own it to connect to that data on behalf of our clients, and we do that. The data that--those company needs that I think you’re alluding to pales in comparison to the quality that clients have on their own.
Tim Nollen: Right, thanks very much for your explanations.
John Wren: Hype gets people excited because there’s a headline, but when you look to the substance of it, we think--you know, God bless them, but it will be a challenge.
Tim Nollen: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: I’m not an economist per se, but I wanted to get a sense from you, when you look at the outlook in the U.S. and also globally, how you’re thinking about the macro backdrop, because we’re seeing a really strong ad market here in the U.S., you guys had nice U.S. and advertising results this quarter, you mentioned you were optimistic for the back half, but there are a lot of leading indicators on the macros that look like they’ve rolled over and people seem to be getting more cautious about factory orders or capital goods or business investment, obviously the Fed talking about slower growth. I’m just curious, I’d love to get your perspective on all that and how you reconcile the strong ad market with what seems to be a slowing broader macro. If you have thoughts on that, I’d love to hear them.
John Wren: I’m no economist either, so you take that for what it’s worth. In speaking to many of our clients, each industry has particular concerns; but if I had to sum it up, everybody--most people believe that the U.S. economy continues to perform well. At the same time, they recognize that the U.S. economy has never performed this well for this long at any point in the past, and so at some point you can expect some dips or some changes. Nobody can figure out the when. I do think you see it having more of an impact on long-term planning in terms of some of our clients that have to commit capital to their businesses in the future. It doesn’t have the same type of impact on the advertising business because we--nothing is completely flexible, but we’re very vigilant about what our clients are doing and what they tell us they’re going to do and the services that we offer, so we’re--we can be a bit more nimble than many, many businesses which require a lot more capital to do things.
Ben Swinburne: Right, that makes sense. Maybe just a separate follow-up. On the competitive front with the IT consulting firms that get a lot of press in the marketplace, one of the things I saw recently is, I’m sure as you know, a lot of these consultants audit agency buying for their clients while at the same time they are competing for business, and I think there have been some agencies or holding companies that have balked at allowing that and turning over media data to get audited by what is essentially a competitor. I was just curious if you thought this was a big issue, yes or no, and if it is, what are the options for you to navigate what seems to be a rising source of conflict on the competitive front?
John Wren: Yes, there’s no absolute answer to your question, but this is not a new problem. Oftentimes, most times with clients, we mutually agree on who is going to audit and not audit our results. I don’t know of any of the major holding companies that have really easily agreed with having them come in and ask the type of questions you’re referring to. I applaud Mark Reid in making it a more public issue, but privately this issue has been dealt with on a client-by-client basis for a long time.
Ben Swinburne: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Julien Roch with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. My first one is on CRM execution and support - that has been a problem for a while, so when can you turn this around, or is it structurally challenged for many years to come, and if the latter, for further disposition? Secondly, you mentioned several times in your opening remarks that some of your event businesses impacted revenue in certain geographies. In which division do you put events and what [indiscernible] this activity presents broadly? Lastly, can we have a sense of the total investment in Analect and Omni in the last 10 years so we can compare that to how much some of your competitors have spent externally? Thank you. 
John Wren: You go ahead, Phil.
Phil Angelastro: As far as CRM execution and support goes, I think the businesses that remain in the portfolio, we continue to work with management and--actually, management of the practice area to get them focused on improving their execution. I think we’ve done a lot in terms of what we intended to do as far as our disposition strategy as it relates to the businesses in that portfolio, but longer term we don’t expect them to grow as rapidly as the rest of our portfolio and we expect we’ll continue to evaluate the pieces of that portfolio as we go forward. We do have some good businesses that have been performing well in that portfolio. They tend to be the smaller pieces of the portfolio, so we’re going to continue business as usual in trying to help them execute better and turn themselves around, but we’ll also continue to re-evaluate the portfolio as we go down the road.  With respect to the events businesses, I’m not--if you could repeat your question? I’m not sure I got the last part of it.
Julien Roch: First of all, in which division is it? I assume it’s in CRM, but which bit of CRM?
Phil Angelastro: Yes, it’s in the consumer experience portion--
Julien Roch: It’s in consumer experience? Okay. And then broadly, what percentage of the total Omnicom business is it? Are we talking about 1% of revenue, 5% of revenue? 
Phil Angelastro: It’s probably less than 5% of our revenue on a global basis.
Julien Roch: Okay. Then the last question on Analect and Omni investment?
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think one broad comment and then I’ll turn it to John, but certainly we’ve invested quite a bit over the last 10 years in Analect and Omni, but probably not close to what the two recent acquisitions--the spend on the two recent acquisitions have been by two of our main competitors.
John Wren: The only thing I’d add is we have made significant investments in the whole area of technology - Analect, tools, some other investments as well. The way that we’ve made these investments is internally, so we expense them as incurred, we don’t capitalize them so you won’t see it on our balance sheet, or in our goodwill for that matter. I’m no accountant, but I do--and it gets quite a bit of priority from the management of Omnicom and the management of other creative businesses because of the importance of the tools that we’re creating and what we’re doing. If you go back, which I don’t suggest you have to do, and listen to prior conference calls or read any one of our prior transcripts, you’ll see that we’ve been talking about this for 10 years or so.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, the bulk of the investment has been in essentially people, as well as some software tools and technology tools, but it is something that certainly is run through the P&L. It hasn’t been trying to piece together and integrate a bunch of acquisitions, but we also recognize that it’s an investment we need to continue to make and expect to continue to make to continue to maintain and upgrade the platform as technology changes and as the media landscape changes.
Julien Roch: But if you had to venture an amount for investment, are we talking a couple hundred million, $500 million, close to a billion over 10 years, or is too hard to do? Just to have a really broad sense.
John Wren: It’s not too hard, we just don’t--we spend what we need, we don’t add it up and pat ourselves on the back for having spent it. 
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I mean, you could also include or exclude a number of other miscellaneous costs, so you do include the training in that investment, the training in the people which is now global, or don’t you? How do you calculate those numbers? It’s an integrated, integral part of the business that we don’t spend a considerable amount of time trying to figure out every last dollar so that we could report it and have it--make a big splash on how much we’ve invested. It’s an integral, integrated part of the business and investing in this platform is something we’re going to continue to do, and it’s just a basic part of the business.
Julien Roch: Okay, very clear. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you, I have one for John and then one for John or Phil. John, a question for you is you started the call by saying there’s been a return to the celebration of creativity as a force, and I wonder in that return as that acknowledgement of creativity, are you seeing any change in maybe the pressures on fees or maybe a re-ranking of priorities for your clients? Is there anything that is a business outcome from what you acknowledge as maybe a different focus now on clients?
John Wren: Before I answer your question, this should be the last question we take because I think the markets are just about to open. It’s a recognition, I think. It’s a recognition for the first time in a long time that people realize--clients realize that the differentiation is quality of the creative people that you have. Somebody previously asked about consultants, if we go back to con two years ago, the place was crawling with some of the people that were referred to in the earlier question. There were very few of them there this year, if there were any at all, because they can put in enterprise systems and do fancy things and pretend like they’re in our business, but in fact they don’t have any creative assets, and creating a global network of creative assets is not a simple matter.  I think if you--I’m not the only one saying it, I think in some of the--I think Maurice Lévy was interviewed at Sun Valley and he pointed out that when you get through all the changes that are going on in the business, the key thing which remains constant and most important is creativity, so that’s always been our DNA. I think not only do we recognize it and we’ve really cherished it and nurtured it since our beginning, I believe the rest of our competition recognizes that it’s the only differentiation and value that we can really bring to the party. You said you had two questions?
Michael Nathanson: Yes, the other one was just on acquisition patterns. Is the lack of spending this year acknowledgment of either a change of prioritization or just timing of deals, or maybe just the pricing of deal? Usually you guys do enter the marketplace and buy some assets, but this year you’ve done very little, so I just want to know what’s driving that. 
John Wren: Phil can answer, but I would say mostly circumstance. We’ve recognized the same thing in the second quarter and we’ve since then put more resources in the area of looking for certain selective acquisitions. It’s going to take some time to identify them and then to bring them into the fold. 
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think we certainly want to do more acquisitions than less in terms of how we use our free cash flow, if we can find the right ones. This particular quarter, there were two acquisitions in particular that we’d been working on for quite some time. One of them, we just couldn’t complete, we couldn’t come to terms. They weren’t economic terms that were the issue with other things. The other just didn’t happen this quarter from a timing perspective. I think we do have a pipeline in place that we’ve been working, but as John had said, we are taking some actions to kind of redouble our efforts to find deals. I think from a pricing perspective, that really hasn’t been what has held us up or caused us to do less this year than last year. Last year, we had some excellent candidates and got some deals done that have been very successful. We expect that we’ll do more of those in the future
Michael Nathanson: Okay, thank you both.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you. Thank you everybody for taking the time to join the call.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adrien de Saint Hilaire. Please go ahead.
Phil Angelastro: I think we have to unfortunately end the call, Operator, given the market is now open.
Operator: Okay.
John Wren: Thanks everybody, have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-16 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce your host of today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our Web site. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. And to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro, will review our financial results for the quarter. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I am pleased to speak to you this morning about our first quarter 2019 results. It's been two months since our last call and a lot has happened in that time, including kicking off a few strategic initiatives, promotions in our agency network leadership and some notable industry awards. Importantly, we got off to a good start with our financial results. In the first quarter, organic growth was 2.5% and was in line with our internal targets. Our operating profits and EBITDA margins of 13% for the quarter exceeded our expectations. The improved performance is attributable to a number for factors, including the continuing benefits from Omnicom wide cost initiatives, the impact of dispositions completed in 2018 and a small gain from a few additional dispositions completed in the first quarter of 2019. The upsides were offset in part by the negative effect of foreign exchange on our operating results. Phil will provide you more detail when he gets to his remarks. And EPS of the quarter was up 8.3% to $1.17 per share, excluding the impact of one-time tax benefit from the successful resolution of foreign tax claims recorded in the first quarter of 2018. The results continue to demonstrate the consistency and diversity of Omnicom's operations, our ability to deliver consumer centric strategic business solutions to our clients and our best in industry creative talent combined with market-leading digital, data and analytical expertise. In the quarter, we grew organically in every geographic region of the world with the exception of Latin America. This growth was achieved through broad participation across all of our agencies, disciplines and clients sector. Looking first across disciplines, advertising and media was up 5.1%, CRM consumer experience was down less than 1%, strong performance in our precision marketing group business was offset by negative performance in our events business. Healthcare was up 6.8% with virtually all of our businesses in this discipline performing well. PR was down 1.5%. We're seeing some positive signs in certain areas of our PR operations and believe the growth strategies being implemented by our management teams will result in better performance. And as expected CRM execution support was down 3.3%. During the quarter, we sold MarketStar, a provider of outsourced sales, support and services based in Utah. MarketStar is a very similar business to Sellbytel, which we sold in the third quarter of 2018. As I previously mentioned we also divested a few other small businesses in our portfolio during the quarter in line with our strategy of divesting non-core and underperforming operations. Turning now to our performance by geography. The U.S. was up 2% in the quarter, driven by strong performance in advertising and media, healthcare and our precision marketing group, offset by the decline in our events business. The Omni U.S. for the North American region, primarily consisting of Canada, was up 6.1% in the quarter. The UK was up 1.3% led by advertising and media, precision marketing and healthcare. This performance was offset by declines in our events and CRM execution businesses. Overall, growth in Euro and non-Euro region was 4%. In the Euro markets, the Netherlands and Spain have better than average growth. And Germany also performed well. France was negative in the quarter, primarily due to the loss of the specialty print production client. In the non Euro markets, the Czech Republic and Russia had very good growth. Asia-Pacific's first quarter organic growth was 2.1% as Australia, India and New Zealand performed very well in the quarter. China was negatively impacted by the delay of several projects and events. It's our current expectations that these projects will go forward but later in the year. Latin America was down 3% as another quarter of solid operating results in Mexico was offset by the continuing negative performance in Brazil. We expect 2019 will continue to be a difficult year in Brazil. Our smallest region the Middle East and Africa grew 12.8%. Let me now discuss what we're seeing in the industry and how our strategies enable us to achieve consistent financial performance. Over the past couple of years, Omnicom initiated numerous changes in response to our clients' needs. As a result, we are continuing to adjust and reorganize our businesses and management teams. In order to improve the speed of decision making, we're organized within our network structure into 12 practice areas. The last practice area we formed, the Omnicom Retail Group was announced in March. We've expanded the number of top clients in our global client leaders group from 25 to 100. We have further consolidated our data and analytics, and technology services and investments at Annalect. We launched Omni, our proprietary data and analytics platform. The platform is in the process of being rolled out to our top clients. We've also expanded our investments in training and development of our people so they can use these tools. We have expanded our consulting services and capabilities. And we've consolidated our production services across all major markets. And as I will get to in a couple of minutes, we continue to streamline our media offerings. Expanding on some of these initiatives, in March, we announced the formation of a new center of excellence to advance our commerce capabilities, Omnicom Retail Group. The new group is leveraging expertise to increase conversion and transactions for clients, both online and offline. It brings together five award winning agencies with exceptional creativity, strategic thinking and deep client and category experience. The Integer Group, TracyLocke, Haygarth, TPN and The Marketing Arm. These agencies together employ over 2,500 people across 19 markets. Omnicom's retail group agencies will continue to invest in advance shopper knowledge and drive innovation and thought leadership in shopper and retail marketing. Sophie Daranyi, formally the CEO of Haygarth, a creative agency specializing in brand, shopper and retail marketing, was named CEO of Omnicom Retail Group. Turning now to our global client leaders group, we've expanded this group to 100 clients. The responsibilities of the global client leaders include ensuring our clients are receiving the highest quality, marketing and communication services from our agencies; creating and managing agile client teams with best of breed talent and skills; breaking down existing agency silos by organizing internal teams within and across practice area groups; and offering our clients the breadth of our services as their needs change. We also expanded our C-suite consulting services. Last year, we added Credera and Levo to our other consulting services, which include Batten, Daggerwing, Sparks and Honey, TLGG and several other consulting units that have been developed organically to serve our client needs. As a result, we are increasingly changing the manner in which we engage with our clients. As these practices develop, we expect to have more opportunities to offer our clients tip of the spear solutions that tackle business firms. During the quarter, we also made some important strategic changes in our media operations. As you may recall, about a decade ago, we formed Accuen for programmatic services and Resolution Media for search, social and performance marketing. At the time, when these services were in their formative stages, we need dedicated units with real subject matter experts to support our media agencies. Today, these services are no longer a specialty. They are at the core of how we work with our media clients. As a result, we are fully integrating these capabilities involving about 600 people in the United States alone into our media agencies, Hearts and Science OMD and PHD. With this reorganization, we've simplified our structure by expanding the capabilities of our client teams. We expect these changes to increase our speed, agility and the quality of service to clients. To further this effort, Omnicom Media Group made several management changes to ensure that the next generation of media agency leaders have an understanding of creativity and a deep expertise in digital, data and analytics. Scott Hagedorn was named CEO of North American operations at Omnicom Media Group, following his previous positions as the CEO of Hearts and Science and CEO of Annalect. He began his career as a brand planner at RAPP. Scott will be partnering with John Swift, who was named COO of Omnicom Media Group North America. John has substantial operating experience having led our U.S media buying organization, as well as developing a number of our specialty media business units. With Scott's move, Erin Matts, who previously served as CEO of Annalect North America, has been named CEO of Hearts and Science in the U.S. Following the integration of Resolution Media and acumen capabilities into our media brands, George Manas has been named Chief Media Officer of OMD U.S and Anthony Koziarski is taking the same role at PHD USA. Resolution Media will continue as an agency focused on non-network clients that seek dedicated performance-only media services. While we have undertaken numerous organizational changes, our philosophy to support strong brands and cultures so they can be vital incubators for creativity and innovation, as well as magnets for the best talent has not changed. We believe our approach is a significant competitive advantage in retaining and hiring the best people and in servicing our clients. Our major brands have their own unique positioning and go to market strategies, but a common overarching theme is our commitment to the concept of connected creativity. We're using data, analytics, cultural insights and technology tools from our Omni platform to create and deliver a powerful brand voice that connects with consumer across every touch points, whether it's marketing, sales, service or support and through all mediums. It's important to distinguish that Omni service as a platform of extremely valuable information. Just as important, our agencies continue to significantly invest in educating and training their people, and hiring new talent that can interpret and use this information. This is a fundamental and constant change at our agencies and one which will allow us to remain a key partner for innovation to our clients, especially as the marketplace rapidly evolves. As evidenced that these key themes and strategies are positively impacting our work, let me just mention a few of the recent highlights of our agencies being recognized around the globe. OMD was named Adweek's 2019 Global Media Agency of the year; in WARC, best of the best rankings, BBDO was ranked the number one network, BBDO New York received number one agency, followed by Adam and Eve, DDB. Omnicom won the world's most awarded holding company. Ketchum was named best agency of the past 20 years at the 20th annual PRWeek awards. At the 2019 Dubai Lynx Awards, BBDO Worldwide won network of the year with TBWA Worldwide coming in second. The Media Network of the year went to OMD Worldwide. As always, these awards are a true testament to the talent here at Omnicom. We've always strived to be a great place for people to work, which includes creating a safe and inclusive environment for all employees regarding a race, religion, gender or sexuality, part of the commitment to attracting, retaining and developing the best talent, means continuing to place a strong emphasis on our diversity and inclusion efforts. Indeed, we've made some strides and diversity and inclusion in the first quarter. For the third year in a row, we received 100% on Human Rights Camping in Corporate and Quality Index, the national benchmarking tool on corporate policies and practices pertaining to LGBTQ employees. Omnicom also received distinction of the best place to work for LGBTQ equality. And Omnicom is an official member of the Valuable 500, a global moment putting disability inclusion on the leadership agenda of businesses. In summary, we've made significant strides in changing our services, capability and organization. We are pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter, which continue to reflect benefits of our strategies. While it is early in the year, we're on track for where we expect to be for the full year 2019. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the first quarter results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John and good morning. As John said, our results for the first quarter of 2019 were better than our expectations. While organic revenue growth was within our expected range, our operating profit and margins were stronger than we expected. Our results were driven by several items, including the strong performance of our agencies, the continuing impact of our cost efficiency initiatives, costs and benefits from the repositioning actions we took in the third quarter of 2018, including a favorable change in business mix in the quarter from the disposition of certain non-strategic underperforming agencies in the second half of 2018. In addition, we recorded a net gain on few smaller dispositions in Q1, which after considering the effect the negative impact FX translation had on our operating profit also had a slightly positive impact on our margins. Turning on Slide 3. For the first quarter, organic revenue growth totaled 2.5% or $91 million. Additionally, due to the continued strengthening of U.S. dollar since the second half of last year, changes in currency rates negatively impacted our reported revenue by $122 million or 3.4%. And finally, dispositions in connection with our repositioning actions, primarily in our CRM execution and support discipline, exceeded revenue from acquisitions in the quarter as we continue to cycle through the disposals we made in the second half of 2018. The net impact from acquisitions and dispositions reduced our first quarter revenue by $130 million or about 3.6%. In total, our reported revenue decreased 4.4% to $3.5 billion in the quarter. In a few minutes, I will discuss the drivers of the changes in revenue in more detail. Turning to Slide 1 and the income statement items below revenue. Our Q1 EBITDA was $451 million, up $1 million from Q1 of '18 or three-tenths of a percent with the resulting in margin of 13%, up 60 basis points. Our operating income or EBIT for the quarter was $429 million, up 1.7% when compared to the first quarter of last year. While our operating margin of 12.4% represented an 80 basis point improvement over Q1 of last year. A few key points in regards to our margin improvement. We continue to seek out opportunities to increase operational efficiencies. These initiatives are primarily focused in the areas of real estate, back office services, procurement and IT and continue to positively impact our operating performance. Additionally, as we described last quarter, we continue to see benefits from the change in business mix, resulting from disposition of several non-strategic lower margin or underperforming agencies. And lastly, during to quarter, we recorded a net gain on the disposition of a few agencies, including MarketStar, a U.S. based sales support business, which after considering the effect of the negative impact of FX translation on our operating profit had a slightly positive impact on our margins. Net interest expenses for the quarter was $46 million, down $900,000 compared to the first quarter of 2018, and down $7.1 million versus Q4 of 2018. Interest expenses on our debt increased $3.1 million in the first quarter of 2019 versus Q1 of '18. Lightening higher rates on our fixed to floating expense interest rates loss which is partially offset by a decrease in interest expense on commercial paper compared to the prior year. To take advantage of unique opportunity, in February 2019, we issued €520 million of short-term senior notes at a private placement to investor outside the United States. The notes are unsecured, non-interest bearing and mature on August 2019. As a result, in the first quarter of 2019, we were able to substantially reduce our other short-term borrowing needs, including our commercial paper issuances. The reduction in commercial paper borrowing is expected to continue through the maturity of the notes in Q3. Interest income increased $1.6 million versus Q1 of 2018, lightening higher cash balances available for investments. And when compared to Q4 of 2018, interest expense on our debt decreased $2.9 million. Due to the decrease in commercial paper activity as described above, interest and amortization expense on our pension obligations also decreased versus last quarter. And lastly, we also saw an increase in our interest income versus Q4. Regarding income taxes, our reported effective tax rate for the first quarter was 26.8% in line with our expected 2019 full year rate. As a reminder, last year's Q1 tax rate benefited from the successful resolution of foreign tax claims, which reduced last year's quarterly income tax expense by $13.3 million. Earnings from our affiliates was marginally negative in the first quarter of 2019, while the allocation of earnings for the minority shareholders on our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased to $16.5 million due to our disposition activity, as well as the impact of FX. As a result, net income for the first quarter was $263 million, down slightly when compared to our reported Q1 2018 net income. And after excluding the $13.3 million addition to net income from the settlement of the foreign tax claims from last year, 2019's net income would have increased 4.9%. Now turning to Slide 2. Income available for common shareholders for the quarter was also $263 million and our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 3.1% versus Q1 of last year to $224.2 million. As a result, our diluted EPS for the first quarter was $1.17, which increased $0.03 or 2.6% when compared to our reported Q1 EPS for last year. Positive impact from the settlement of the foreign tax claims increased last year's EPS by $0.06. So excluding this item, the increase versus last year's first quarter would have been $0.09 or 8.3%. Turning to components of our revenue change in the first quarter, which are detailed on Page 3. On a year-over-year basis, U.S. dollar's continued strengthening created large headwinds in our reported revenue. The impact of changes in currency rates decrease reported revenue by 3.4% or $122 million in revenue for the quarter. And as has been the case for the last two quarters, the strengthening was widespread. On a year-over-year basis in the first quarter, the dollar strengthened against every one of our major foreign currencies. The largest FX movements in the quarter are from the euro, the UK pound, the Australian dollar and the Brazilian real. Looking forward, currencies stayed where they currently are. FX could negatively impact our revenues by approximately 2.5% during the second quarter then moderate in the second half of the year, resulting in a negative impact of approximately 25 basis points for the second half and 1.5% for the full year. But obviously, it's difficult to make assumptions on how foreign currency rates will move over the next few months let alone the balance of 2019. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $130 million in the quarter or 3.6%, primarily driven by the Sellbytel disposition and other actions we took in the second half of last year, and a few dispositions we completed in the back half of the first quarter. Based on transactions we completed to-date and since we will cycle through the most significant of last year's dispositions by end of the third quarter, our current expectations are that the impact of our acquisition activity net of dispositions will continue to be negative; approximately 4% for the second quarter and approximately 3% for the third quarter and for the full year. Turning to organic growth, which was up $91 million on a global basis for the quarter, or 2.5%. The performance of our disciplines was mixed. Our advertising and healthcare disciplines both had solid organic growth in the quarter. Year end consumer experience was marginally negative due primarily to reductions in revenue at our events businesses, which offset strong performance in our precision marketing agencies in the quarter. And PR was down a bit, while CRM execution and support continued to underperform. Geographically, all regions were positive in the quarter except for Latin America with our domestic and Continental European regions having the strongest performance. Slide 4 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the first quarter, split was 55% for advertising and 45% for marketing and services. As to their organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was up 5.1%. Advertising's organic growth continues to lead by our media businesses, notably the continued strong performance by Hearts and Science. While our global and national advertising agencies performed well with only a few exceptions. CRM consumer experience was down six tenths of a percent for the quarter, primarily driven by declines in our events businesses, which faced the very difficult comp, partly driven by last year's Winter Olympic in South Korea. Results for the rest of the discipline were mostly positive, driven by strong performance from our precision marketing group, branding, which also had growth, while our shopper and sales promotion businesses were down slightly. While CRM execution and support continued to underperform this quarter. Our domestic businesses while negative versus the prior year did show improvement versus Q4. PR was down five tenths of a percent. Performance in this discipline was also mixed by geographic regions. The UK and Asia were both positive. North America was marginally negative with Continental Europe and Latin America both lagging in the quarter. And Healthcare was up 6.8%. As has been the case over the last past few quarters, growth has been well balanced with positive results across all regions. On Slide 5, which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter the split was 54% in the U.S., 3% for rest of North America, 10% in the UK, 18% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 3% for Latin America and the balance for the Middle East and African markets. As for the details of our performance by region, organic revenue growth in the first quarter in U.S. was 2%, led by our advertising and media agencies, as well as our healthcare agencies with mixed performance from our CRM consumer experience agencies, while our CRM execution and support agencies declined. Our UK businesses were positive again this quarter, up 1.3% and led by our advertising, healthcare and PR agencies. However, the continuing uncertainty surrounding how the British government will formalize its departure from the EU certainly clouds the outlook for the market. The rest of Europe was up 4% organically in the quarter. In the Euro markets, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain, continue to turn in strong performances across disciplines this quarter; Germany returned to positive organic growth, while France lagged; our organic growth in Europe outside the eurozone was positive as well; organic growth in the Asia-Pacific region facing a fairly strong comp to Q1 of 2018 2.1% with Australia, India, Japan and New Zealand, leading the way this quarter; our greater China agencies down organically in total for the quarter, largely from the impact of non-recurring project revenue in Q1 '18 in our events agencies in that market. Latin America was down 3% in the quarter with the continuing issues in the Brazilian economy, dragging down the region's performance overall. Elsewhere in the region, we continue to see positive performance from our agencies in Mexico. The Middle East and Africa, which is our smallest regions, was up 12.8% for the quarter. On Slide 6, we present our revenue by industry sector. And comparing the first quarter revenue for 2019 to 2018, you can see a slight shift in our mix of business, an increase in the contribution from our former industry clients, offset with a decrease in the percentage of revenue from our technology clients, primarily resulting from the Sellbytel disposition. Turning to our cash flow performance. On Slide 7, you can see that in the first quarter, we generated $341 million of free cash flow, including changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 8, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $135 million, down slightly versus Q1 last year, is a reduction in our outstanding common shares as a result of repurchase activity over the past year. The $0.05 per share increase in the quarterly dividend that we announced in February will impact our cash payments from Q2 forward. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $17 million. Capital expenditures were $27 million, down compared to 2018 due to less leasehold improvement activity. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, totaled $7 million, reflecting a decrease in activity so far this year when compared to our Q1 activity last year. And stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled $284 million, reflecting an increase in the activity this year versus last year. All-in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $130 million in the first quarter. Regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt is $5.5 billion, up about $600 million since this time last year and as of this past year end. As we mentioned earlier in February of 2019, we issued short-term senior notes of €520 million in a private placement to an investor outside the United States. The notes are unsecured, non-interest-bearing and mature this August and therefore are classified as short-term on our balance sheet. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.04 billion, up about $800 million compared to year end December 31, 2018 balance. The increase in net debt was a result of the typical uses of working capital and historically occurred in our first quarter which totaled about $740 million, as well as the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of approximately $130 million. These increases in net debt were partially offset by the cash we received from our disposition activity of $65 million and the effect of exchange rates on cash during Q1, which increased our cash balance by about $25 million. Compared to March 31, 2018, our net debt is down $282 million. The decrease was primarily driven by the positive change in operating capital during the past 12 months of approximately $340 million and the cash proceeds received from the sale of subsidiaries during the last year of $370 million. Partially offsetting these increases over the past 12 months was the over-spend of our free cash flow of approximately $170 million and the negative impact of FX on our cash balances, which totaled just over $200 million. As far our debt ratios, they remained solid. Our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.3 times, reflecting the issuance of euro denominated debt this quarter. While our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio fell to 0.9 times. And due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased to 9.8 times but remained strong. And finally on Slide 10, you can see we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 25%, while our return on equity was 52.6%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Just a couple of questions, if I may. John, maybe if you can provide a bit more color on what you are seeing behind the healthy underlying business, especially in U.S., which has seen some improvement the last couple of quarters after lagging for a couple of years. You gave some broader color. But I'm wondering if there is anything specific that's driving improvement in the U.S.? And then maybe for Phil, I think you have highlighted a couple of divestures that you've identified over the last 12 months or so, which has helped improve the profitability of the business. I guess I'm wondering if you could tell us if that's going to help improve the profitability going forward. Should we see some margin benefit the next couple of quarters? And maybe how many more of these underperforming businesses you think you still have that we could see the opportunity of further divestitures?
John Wren: Alexia, in terms of the color or our outperformance this quarter versus same quarters prior years is the marketplace is changing all the time, it's changing in a number of ways. The competition set is pretty much what competition set was. Last year -- at the end of last year, we were able to -- we had a very good run in the third quarter in terms of new business. So we're seeing some of that reflected in the performance of the first quarter, and you will see it throughout the rest of the balance of this year, that's probably the biggest single component. The other thing as you know is organic growth for the net of what to win, how your clients grow or decline and what you lose. And we've been fortunate of late not to have the leaky bucket syndrome. So I'm pretty optimistic.
Phil Angelastro: And then just follow up in terms of divestitures, Alexia. I think for future expectations for the balance of the year and the rest of the quarters, I think our expectation is for the businesses to continue perform well. And I think we would expect to achieve probably 20 to 30 basis points of improvement over the last year. First quarter relatively speaking is traditionally small relative to the rest of quarters. So the first quarter doesn't always necessarily make a definitive trend for us. But we're going to continue to focus on EBITDA as we always do and we would expect 20 to 30 basis points for the balance of the year. But we're also going to continue to invest in the business and invest for growth as we always do and try to find the right balance, so that we can find and fund sustainable growth. In terms of future divestitures and the process we go through, I think you've seen over the last three or four years that it is a part of the process we follow. I think we're through an awful lot of what we plan to do strategically, but we're going to continue that process. We look at it every quarter and annually every year late in the year as we look at the new year and reevaluate where the businesses still fits strategically and what might be some opportunistic things that come up, which is essentially what you saw with the Sellbytel disposition in the third quarter of last year and then the market saw a disposition in the first quarter of this quarter, both of those were similar businesses, different geographies. But there were opportunities for us to take advantage of situations where we weren't prepared to continue to invest in what was needed for the future of those businesses yet we're able to find buyers that made much more sense than us for those businesses.
Alexia Quadrani: I think, that's was very helpful. Can I just ask you one quick follow up? Could you quantify the gain of MarketStar that you captured in the quarter?
Phil Angelastro: I don't think from our perspective it's significant enough to quantify. I think between MarketStar as we said as far as the gain and the translation loss we had on FX, those two together were essentially less than 10 basis points.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon: John, maybe with your comments earlier about the competitive set not changing that much ultimately, the answer to this question maybe, no. But nevertheless, I'd be just interested in your thoughts a bit more high level. But when you look at some of the moves in recent weeks where non-traditional competitors like Accenture has been buying maybe what we viewed as a bit more traditional competitors like Droga or transaction like we saw over the weekend with Publicis and Epsilon. If I put aside everything to talk about disciplines and capabilities and where the future of the business heads, if I put that aside. If I put aside your normal discipline on M&A and valuation in the past and just what deals maybe available. And just try to isolate the variables in your head that line up to say. Does M&A in a mid to larger scale make more sense or less sense based on what's going to on around you? Do you sense any notable change in how you might look at the landscape in that sense?
John Wren: Speaking surely from an Omnicom point of view, we take these apart - as examples in two parts, Accenture buying Droga, which is a very good agency. I already have a lot of really good agencies. So that is not something that we're buying another agency, it wouldn't be of appeal to me. Hiring which we're requiring larger end consultive type of IT practices, not Sapiens of the world, because we think there was big builds of the past, but like Credera, which we did last year and a few others. We will continue to do those but I don't see them to be terribly expensive. And what Epsilon and I don't know what -- I haven't looked at Epsilon in a long time. But from what I've observed of Epsilon, they're a good company. They have some good clients. They don't have anything from what I can observe as unique or self proprietary in terms of what it does that it's if necessary is not replicated. Jonathan Nelson who is head of our -- whole of Omnicom, our Digital Practice is sitting here with us today. Jonathan, do you want to add anything on that?
Jonathan Nelson: At Omnicom, we have been working on this idea of mass personalization and scale for well over a decade. Our investments in Annalect, our platform Omni and the Precision Marketing Group, along with Hearts and Science, are just latest examples of how we're focused on this. As we proceed on this, we are really focused on three key areas. One is to keep the platforms open. As I've previously talked about, we would rather rent and partner on data and technology rather than own. That's not to say that in a few strategic instances, we won't develop our own data assets. We do develop our own data assets like our inventory graph, but we generally believe a modular open approach is best for ourselves and our customers. Two, we have been doing this on a global basis for over a decade. Our data platform and our technology platforms have been rolled out in every major region of the world as of right now. And three, the hardest part about this is doing integration with your traditional assets at scale. Anybody who does this can tell you that mass personalization at scale is extremely hard and we have been dedicated to training thousands of our employees across all of the world in every major discipline across Omnicom for the entire time that we've been doing this. So those three things open versus close, global and integration at scale are how we're approaching this problem.
John Wren: And the final answer to your question, if I or my team felt threatened in any way, we would look for the appropriate acquisitions to complete our offerings to our clients. I simply don't feel that way right now.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question in queue will come from Adrien De Saint Hilaire with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adrien De Saint Hilaire: Actually a very easy one, I don't think you really repeated your 2019 outlook for 2% to 3% organic sales growth. So could you just say whether you are still happy with this? Thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: I don't think there's anything in our view that would change the outlook for the year at this point up 2% to 3% growth for the year.
Adrien De Saint Hilaire : And also would you mind sharing how much did Accuen grow year-on-year dollar wise Q1 versus Q1?
Phil Angelastro: So actually Accuen grew in the U.S. by about $2 million, so it's basically flat. And on a worldwide basis, Accuen was down $4 million, which also is roughly flat. Going forward, or overall just to comment on the programmatic business. So programmatic business certainly in our view continues to be strong but we continue to see the transition of some clients from our performance based bundled solution to the traditional agency approach and going forward, as John had said earlier, programmatic offerings being integrated into our agencies and into the agency offerings. So we think that's the right answer for the business ultimately, because it is something that is just part of what our agencies do on a day-to-day basis. But ultimately, the business is strong and continues to perform well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Julien Roch with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: My strategy question I admit has been asked, so I will do a more simple number question. For Phil, if FX is minus 100 basis point across the board, i. e. not a big impact from one country to another. What's the rough impact on margin, that's my first question? The second one is for a while you said that you've done the bulk of dispositions but you're looking at the portfolio on a continuing basis and you've increased the guidance from 2.5 to 3. Going forward in 2021, what's the best way of thinking about acquisition less disposition, put a flat number or put like a minus one number, because you will continue to trim the portfolio? And then, last question is interest guidance for the full year, because of the benefit of the projects until August? Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: So on FX, I think your question is a hypothetical one. If FX was down a 100 basis point what would the impact on margin be, I think the answer is it depends on where the FX positive or in this case a negative would be. But I think it's pretty direct to say if FX is up or down 100 basis points to 200 basis points, typically the impact on our margins is minimal. And in this quarter the impact that negative FX had on margins, the margin percentage was less than 10 basis points, which sometimes when FX is up or down in the neighborhood of was this quarter. We do tend to see a larger impact on our margins, on the margin percentage but that didn't happened this quarter, the FX decline was not across the board, didn't have a big impact on margin percentage when you looked at the totality of Omnicom. As far as dispositions go, we don't forecast certainly into 2020 and 2021. I think the bulk of the dispositions we have done to date, we will cycle through by the end of Q3 of this year. The size of the dispositions we did this quarter just are not that large that they're going to have a significant impact on the number going forward. And as far as strategically, we'll continue to pursue the same strategy as far as acquisitions are concerned. We'd rather do more than less. Our capital allocation strategies are going to change to the extent that we can find accretive acquisitions that fit our strategy fit the culture, and meet the needs of what we think we work well and integrate with the business. We're going to try and find more of those deals and do more of those deals. We're not going to set an acquisition dollar target and then have an M&A group chase deals so that we can meet that target. But we're going to continue to pursue deals. We're pursuing them today but less of the right fit, we're pretty disciplined about if we are going to continue to be disciplined about it. So, ideally, as we get out a year or two, the goal would be to have certainly back in the more acquisitions mode. The disposition process will continue but certainly the bulk of what we intended to do -- we're through the bulk of it but we're going to continue to look at opportunistic things as they come up and if they're right for the business disposition might be the right answer but the goal is to do more acquisitions certainly. On interest expense, I think we don't have -- I don't have the number in front of me. We could take that offline. But we certainly expect that the reductions that we've been able to achieve in our fee borrowings, because of the opportunistic debt offering we did, private placement we did in January or in early February, is going to reduce our CP borrowings. And we'll probably have a little bit of negative year-over-year increase in interest from our floating -- our fixed floating swaps. But we do have a debt offering coming. We do have a 10 year bond offering that's coming due that we're going to replace and there should be some savings from that offering, because 10 years ago the rate was certainly higher than we expect to refinance today. So we can take that offline and we can give you some more detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Michael Nathanson with Moffett Nathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Can I just ask one on the numbers and then one if I could to Jonathan? So just on the numbers, when I look at salary and service change, I know there is a lot of moving pieces from dispositions and currency. Is there any way you can give me a sense of what was -- what do you think your organic growth is for Omnicom on salary and services? How do we think about it for the year? Just try to strip away all these moving pieces.
John Wren: I don't know if Phil can but I know I can. We don't really look at it that way or attempt to look at it that way unfortunately in terms of having a specific answer for your question.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, and then I guess question B is, so also you guys within that number, you can't take out what currency would be. Do you think currency is representative of -- the change in currencies represent the change in salary and service, is there anything unusual about maybe the weighting of salary and service by geographies?
Phil Angelastro: No, I don't think there is anything unusual. We actually -- I don’t have it with me for the call. But we do have a constant currency calculation that we do. So we can give you a follow up what those ratios were on a constant currency basis so that you get a sense for what those numbers are without currency. We typically have that I forget to bring it with me into the room where we're having the call.
Michael Nathanson: And do you guys mind if I ask Jonathan a question. Jonathan, a question for you is last year we spent a lot of time in beginning year thinking about GDPR and the impact on the market and on agencies. I wonder when you look back on what happened last year in GDPR. What did you learned? And looking forward, what's happened within the U.S. what do think is likely turns a privacy outcomes here for the U.S.?
Jonathan Nelson: Well, I think that there will be more regulation around privacy in U.S. that’s nearly inevitable with the comments made by a number of people in the industry legislation is going to happen in the U.S. At Omnicom, we did a deep audit of all of our assets looking at all of our different data providers and partners and came up with policies and procedures to protect ourselves and our clients. And what we're trying to do is find that fuzzy line of privacy and take a few steps back from it. And I think that policy has worked so far and it will likely work going forward.
Michael Nathanson: And you didn’t see any material change in how you guys run your business because of it?
Jonathan Nelson: Not a material change. I mean when it comes down to actually on a day-to-day basis, of course it's evolving everyday but in the macro it keeps moving forward.
John Wren: I think we have time -- given the markets are about to open, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
John Wren: Okay, if not, we're right on time. So thank you everybody for joining the call. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude you conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: [Technical Difficulty] 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning's press release, along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our Investor Presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. Thank you for joining the call this morning. I'm pleased to speak with you about our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 results. 2018 was another year of ongoing change for the marketing and advertising industry. We continue to see many of the world's top marketers transform their marketing organizations to adapt to changing consumer behaviors and new disruptive competitors. For Omnicom, change provides opportunities, challenges and ample room for differentiation. I'm pleased to report that in this rapidly changing environment, our strategies, talent and execution have allowed us to continue to deliver solid financial results. For the full-year 2018, we achieved our internal organic growth and margin targets. Organic growth for the quarter was 3.2%. For the full-year 2018, organic growth was 2.6%. Our EBIT margin for the quarter was 15.3%, an increase of 30 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. For the year, our EBIT margin, excluding the effect of our third quarter dispositions and repositioning actions was 13.8%, an increase of 20 basis points versus the prior year. EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.77 per share, which compares to a $1.55 per share in the prior year, excluding the charge related to the U.S. Tax Act that we took in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 14%. We achieved these goals by growing our strong base of talented people, investing in technology and analytic capabilities as well as continuing to differentiate our organization structure, so we can deliver custom integrated solutions that drive business growth for our clients. Taken together, these strategic steps have helped us grow both our top and bottom line. In the quarter, we grew organically in every geographic region of the world with broad participation across our agencies, disciplines and client sectors. Looking at the fourth quarter growth across disciplines, advertising and media was up 4.4%, CRM Consumer Experience was up 4.2%, Healthcare was up 7.6%, PR increased 1.5%. As we expected, CRM Execution & Support was the only exception, it was down 3.7% in the quarter. By region, the U.S. was up 2.6%, driven by solid results in media, healthcare and PR. The U.S. benefited from better than expected year-end project spend as well as spending related to the mid-term elections. CRM Execution & Support had negative growth and weighed down the performance in the U.S. Overall growth in the UK was 2.4%. Media and Healthcare performed very well. Offsetting this growth was a decline in CRM Execution & Support, particularly in field marketing. Overall growth in our European region was 5.7% led by France, Italy, Spain and the Czech Republic. Germany again had negative growth due to specific management and operational challenges at some of our agencies. We've taken actions to address this performance and expect to see improvements. Asia-Pacific growth slowed in the quarter to 2.9%. While most of the markets in the region, experienced positive results, the region faced tough comps relative to the prior year. Lastly, Latin America posted growth of 1% in the quarter. Strong results in Mexico were offset by negative growth in Brazil and Colombia. In 2018, we remain focused on executing our plan to drive efficiencies across our organization, which contributed to the increase in year-over-year margins. This performance was a result of our agency management teams remaining laser-focused on controlling their cost structure, our ongoing Omnicom-wide operational initiatives to leverage our scale in areas such as real estate, accounting and IT, and the benefit from the disposition of lower margin non-core businesses during 2018. Importantly, we've been able to improve our margins while continuing to invest in our talent and our data and our analytic capabilities. Turning to our cash flow, in 2018, Omnicom generated $1.6 billion in free cash flow and returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividend and share repurchases. Approximately $475 million in cash was used for acquisition-related spend during the year. Our plans for the use of free cash flow remains unchanged; dividend, acquisition and share repurchases. As we recently announced, our Board of Directors increased the Company's quarterly cash dividend to $0.65 per common share. This represents an 8.3% increase in our quarterly dividend. With this increase, our dividend payout ratio is 45%. Lastly, our balance sheet and liquidity remained very strong. Turning now to our strategy and operations; 2018 was a year of significant accomplishments for Omnicom. We finalized the expansion of our Global Client Leaders Group organization and our practice areas, which have been aligned within our global networks. We continue to realign and optimize our portfolio of agencies through acquisitions and dispositions. We've made investments in technology, data and analytics, and as I mentioned, we continue to streamline our operations in real estate, accounting and IT. In 2016, we began the formation of practice areas, together with our Global Client Leaders Group, to deliver to clients a single point of access to our network of thousands of industry specials and specific marketing disciplines. With strong leadership in each of our practice areas, we are now positioned to better grow with existing clients, strengthen our new business efforts, better target our internal investments as well as create more career opportunities for our people. We began with Omnicom Health Group and Omnicom PR Group and now have practice areas in precision marketing and CRM, global advertising, national advertising, brand consultancy, experiential marketing, shopper marketing, media and specialty marketing. Each of these areas has strong leadership who can quickly mobilize our assets to create customized solutions for our clients. With the ability to create nimble, flexible and integrated agency models, our streamlined structure helped us win some of the biggest new business pitches in 2018, including Ford Creative, Duncan Creative and Volkswagen Creative, which we retained in key markets. We also closed the year with a few major wins. After a long, highly contested review, the U.S. Army selected Omnicom agencies to deliver an integrated offering, managing their marketing and PR activities over the next 10 years. On the media front, Daimler AG awarded its global media account to Omnicom Media Group. The Group will handle media for all of Daimler's divisions; Mercedes-Benz cars and vans, Daimler trucks and buses, as well as Daimler Financial Services in 40 markets worldwide. A significant part of Omnicom's success is driven by our investments in technology, data and analytics. These investments started over a decade ago with the formation of Annalect. In 2018, we took another leap forward with the launch of Omni, a first of a kind people-based precision marketing and insights platform. Today, I'm happy to report, many of our agencies have deployed Omni to create, plan and execute personalized customer experiences at scale with some of our largest clients. The platform is also transforming the way our teams work by providing a single view of their client's consumers enabling them to drive precision marketing across Creative, CRM and media. This personalization at scale is providing enormous value to our clients. As important as the client wins I mentioned earlier, is the way in which we achieve our success. It wasn't about collapsing our agencies into one, but rather investing in our agency brands and connecting them through our practice groups, Global Client leaders and platforms like Omni, which allowed us to leverage our scale in an agile, fluid and diverse way. The growth of our business in 2018 underscores the distinctive talents of our people and the strength of our agency brands as well as our differentiated structure and service offering. We know our clients today are looking for greater simplicity from their partners as they are demanding award winning creativity alongside deep expertise in technology, data and commerce in a single organization. A barometer that we use to measure success is the performance of our work in award shows as well as recognition by industry publications. Our performance helps us retain and recruit the best creative talent and blue-chip clients. In addition to winning more than our fair share of Cannes Lions as well as Spikes earlier in 2018, here are the few of the more recent highlights. Omnicom was named Holding Company of the Year by MediaPost, TBWA was named Global Agency of the Year by Adweek, The Drum's Big Won Rankings of the world's most awarded agencies ranked 10 Omnicom agencies among the top 20 from around the globe, more than any other holding company, and for the second year in a row, BBDO Worldwide, won the most awarded network. Omnicom's media and creative networks won 75 Agency of the Year titles across four key cities Mumbai, Tokyo, Shanghai and Singapore, during campaigns Asia Agency of the Year Awards. In Europe, PHD, won Eurobest Media Agency of the Year. While making sure we offer our clients and prospects the latest in advertising and marketing technology, during 2018, we continued to realign and invest in our portfolio of agencies to ensure they are positioned to deliver services in line with our clients' changing needs. As part of this process, we completed numerous dispositions of companies that were underperforming or no longer aligned with our long-term strategies. In all, we disposed more than 20 companies in 2018. At the same time, we continue to focus our investment strategy on expanding our service capabilities in high-growth areas, such as CRM and direct marketing, media, healthcare, data and analytics. We acquired several companies in 2018, each of which strategically aligned with one of our practice areas. With these bolt-on acquisitions, we can offer our clients more integrated, end-to-end marketing services. Before handing the call off to Phil, I'd like to make a final commentary on diversity. Our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce starts at the top. In 2018, we completed the Refreshment process of our Board of Directors. Omnicom's Board now has 10 Independent Directors, including six women and four African Americans. I'm proud to say, we have one of the most diverse Boards in corporate America. These changes strengthen Omnicom's governance structure and demonstrate our commitment to onboarding exceptional candidates, who bring a wealth of experience and diverse point of view. In addition, Omniwomen continues to grow organically around the globe and there are many initiatives planned to celebrate women in management positions, leading up to International Women's Day on March 8th. OPEN Pride, our employee resource group dedicated to Omnicom's LGBTQ community has extended its global reach with 10 chapters across India, China, Philippines, Australia, UK along with U.S. cities, including New York City, Chicago and St. Louis. In addition, new chapters are in development for Mexico City, San Francisco, Barcelona, Auckland and Los Angeles. It's also worth noting, thanks to our many diversity initiatives, Omnicom now has the most diverse workforce in its 30-year history. It is these hardworking talented people, more than 70,000 worldwide that help Omnicom post another winning year. Looking forward to 2019, we are optimistic about our prospects and we continue to stay focused on our strategic objectives that have served us well. We continue to hire and develop the best talent in the industry; we will be relentless in pursuing growth by meeting and exceeding our clients' expectation, expanding our service offerings to our existing clients and winning new business. We will continue to pursue high growth areas and opportunities through internal investments and acquisitions and we will remain vigilant on driving efficiencies throughout our organization. In closing, we are very pleased that our strong financial performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people and agencies. And I thank everyone for their efforts. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thanks, John and good morning. As John just described, the fourth quarter results represented a strong end to Omnicom's year. As is essential in today's business climate, our agencies remain focused on responding to our clients' needs in an ever-changing marketplace, while at the same time, they continue to manage their internal cost structures to efficiently deliver their services. Our business has continued to execute on both objectives. We also continue to see the benefit of our Company-wide efforts to increase our operational efficiency. Regarding our revenue and starting on Slide 5, for the fourth quarter, we had organic growth of 3.2% or $132 million, as our agencies overall did well to improve upon last year in capturing year-end project spend. FX again negatively impacted revenue, reducing our reported revenue for the quarter by 2% or $83 million. Regarding acquisitions and dispositions, as we spoke about during our last call, we completed several dispositions during the third quarter, the largest of which was Sellbytel, our European sales support business. We also completed several acquisitions over the past year, including this quarter's acquisition of the Media and Performance Marketing division of UDG, a Strategic Digital Media Group in Germany. The net impact of our acquisition and disposition activities reduced fourth quarter revenue by about $101 million or 2.4%, in line with our expectations. And lastly, as a reminder, we were required to adopt the FASB's new Revenue Recognition Standard, known as ASC 606, effective with the beginning of 2018. The impact of applying the new revenue recognition standard reduced our reported revenue by approximately $38 million or 0.9% for the quarter. As a result, our revenue in the fourth quarter decreased to a little under $4.1 billion when compared to Q4 of last year. Later on, I will discuss the components of the changes in revenue in more detail. Turning to Slide 1, our operating profit for the quarter was $627 million, up slightly when compared to Q4 of 2017, while our operating margin of 15.3% represented a 30 basis point increase over last year's fourth quarter. EBITDA was $650 million and our EBITDA margin of 15.9% was also up 30 basis points when compared to last year. Our ongoing internal initiatives to increase our operational efficiencies, focusing on real estate, back office services, procurement and IT, continue to positively impact our operating income and margin performance as well as the benefits of the restructuring actions we took last quarter. We also benefited from the disposition of several non-strategic, lower margin agencies, which was partially offset by the reduction in margins caused by the negative impact of FX in the quarter. Net interest expense for the quarter was $53.1 million, up $3.1 million versus last year's fourth quarter figure and down $3.6 million versus the $56.7 million reported in the third quarter of 2018. Gross interest expense in the quarter was up $6.6 million compared to last year's Q4, primarily due to the impact of increased interest rates over the past year, particularly impacting our floating rate swaps, while interest income increased $3.5 million due to an increase in cash held by our treasury centers when compared to a year ago. When compared with Q3 of this year, gross interest expense in the fourth quarter decreased by $1.1 million, primarily driven by the reduction in our commercial paper activity during the fourth quarter. And interest income increased by $2.5 million over last year, resulting from higher than average cash balances that we typically carry at year-end. Turning to taxes, our reported effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 26.1%, bringing the full year tax rate to 25.6%. The primary driver of the lower effective tax rate year-over-year was the lower U.S. tax rate resulting from the enactment of the 2017 Tax Act, which reduced the federal statutory tax rate 21% from 35%. The effective rate for the year was slightly lower than what we previously anticipated for 2018. Going forward, we anticipate our effective tax rate for 2019 will be 27%, which approximates our actual full year rate 2018 after excluding the following items; tax impact of the repositioning actions taken in Q3, the additional tax expense recorded in Q3 resulting from the provisional amounts originally recorded in Q4 of 2017 in connection with the Tax Act, the successful resolution of foreign tax claims during the first quarter of 2018, and after excluding the impact of the tax benefit realized from share-based compensation items, particularly in Q4, which we cannot predict because it is subject to changes in our share price and the impact of future stock option exercises. Earnings in our equity method investments was $5.3 million for the quarter upon the strength of the performance of our affiliates in Asia and Europe. The allocation of earnings to minority shareholders in our less than fully-owned subsidiaries decreased by $2.9 million to $30.5 million, primarily a result of our disposition activity and the negative impact of FX since a large number of our less than fully-owned subsidiaries are located outside the U.S. As a result, our net income for the fourth quarter was $399 million. As a reminder in Q4 last year, we recorded a net increase to income tax expense, $106 million related to our preliminary assessment of the impact of the passage of the 2017 Tax Act just before last year-end. Although, net income increased $145 million versus last year's reported net income of $254 million, excluding last year's additional tax charge, net income increased $39 million or 10.7%. Now turning to Slide 2, net income available for common shareholders for the quarter was $399 million. Our diluted share count for Q4 was 225.6 million, decrease of 2.9% versus Q4 of last year due to the impact of our share repurchase activity over the past 12 months. As a result, diluted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.77 per share. That's up $0.68 versus our reported Q4 2017 amount of $1.09 per share and up $0.22 or 14.2% after excluding the impact of the $106 million charge tax reform, which we took in Q4 of last year. On Slides 3 and 4, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the full year results. As a reminder, in the third quarter, we closed on the disposition of Sellbytel. Along with other dispositions we completed during the third quarter that resulted in a net pre-tax gain of $178 million. In addition, during the third quarter, we recorded charges of $149 million for repositioning actions, primarily resulting from severance and lease terminations. Lastly, in Q3, we recorded additional tax expense of approximately $29 million, resulting from adjustments of the provisional amounts originally recorded in connection with the 2017 Tax Act. The non-GAAP adjusted results on Slide 22 in the supplemental section of our presentation present our full year results, excluding these items. Since the full-year results, without these items, are in line with our quarterly performance, I will highlight just a few of them. The reported operating profit for 2018 was $2.13 billion, an increase of 2.4% versus last year, with the resulting operating margin of 14%. And finally, our full year reported EPS was $5.83 per share compared to $4.65 a share in 2017. Excluding the impact during the third quarter of the dispositions, the repositioning actions and tax reform adjustments, 2018's EPS would have been $0.08 lower at $5.75 per share, that's up $0.65 in comparison to 2017's adjusted EPS of $5.10 after excluding the impact of the additional $106 million in tax expense recorded in connection with the Tax Act at the end of 2017. Returning to the details of our revenue performance in the fourth quarter; on Slide 5, as we discussed in detail during previous calls, this year we adopted ASC 606, the new revenue recognition standard and the impact of applying the new revenue recognition standard reduced our reported revenue by approximately 1% in the fourth quarter and for the full year. The impact on EBIT was not material. Because of the dollar's continued strengthening over the past several months, the FX impact on our reported revenue created headwinds in the fourth quarter. The impact of changes in currency rates decreased reported revenue by 2% or $83 million in revenue for the quarter. And the strengthening again was widespread. On a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter, the dollar strengthened against every one of our major foreign currencies except for the Japanese yen. The largest FX movements in the quarter were from the Australian dollar, the Brazilian real, the euro and the UK pound. As for a projection of the FX impact for 2019, any assumption on how foreign currency rates will move over the next few months let alone the rest of the year, for us is highly speculative. However, as we begin the year, currencies stay where they currently are. Based on our projection, FX could reduce our reported revenues by approximately 2.5% to 3% in the first half of 2019 and 1.5% for the full year. The impact of our recent acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by $101 million in the quarter or 2.4%. As we enter 2019, we expect the impact of acquisitions, net of dispositions completed through year-end will continue to be negative; approximately 3% to 3.5% for the first half of 2019 and 2.5% for the year as we cycle through the Sellbytel and other dispositions from 2018. Finally, while remaining somewhat mixed geographically and by discipline, organic growth for the fourth quarter was up 3.2%, primarily reflecting the positive effects, client year-end project spending. Geographically, the U.S., European and Asia-Pacific regions had the strongest growth. Regarding our service disciplines, our healthcare agency group had excellent growth this quarter, as did our CRM Consumer Experience agencies as well as our advertising discipline, primarily driven by the strength of our media businesses. Slide 6 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the second quarter, the split was 57% for advertising and 43% for marketing services. As for the organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was up 4.4%. Media continues to pace the disciplines organic growth and while our global advertising agencies continue to experience mixed performance, our national advertising agencies performed quite well this quarter. CRM Consumer Experience was up 4.2% organically with our precision marketing agencies leading the way in that category. CRM Execution & Support was down 3.7% this quarter as we again saw sluggish performance, particularly domestically from certain businesses in that discipline. PR was up 1.5% with the strongest performances coming from our domestic agencies, which included a small year-over-year benefit from work associated with the mid-term elections. Lastly, healthcare was up 7.6%. As has been the case recently, the disciplines strong performance was broad-based across all regions. On Slide 7, which details the regional mix of our business, you can see during the quarter, the split was 52% in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 9% in the UK, 19% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 3% for Latin America and the balance from the Middle East and African markets. Turning to the details of our performance by region, on Slide 8. Organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter in the U.S. was 2.6%, led by our advertising and media, healthcare and PR agencies with our CRM Execution & Support agencies lagging. After a negative third quarter, our UK businesses rebounded with positive organic growth of 2.4% led by our healthcare and media agencies. The rest of Europe was up 5.7% organically in the quarter. In our Europe markets, France, Italy and Spain, continued to turn in strong performances across disciplines this quarter while Germany again underperformed. Organic growth in Europe outside the Eurozone was positive as well. Organic growth in the Asia Pacific region was 2.9% with positive growth in all disciplines. Geographically, we saw solid performances from our agencies in Greater China, India and New Zealand this quarter and Japan returned to positive growth. Latin America had organic growth of 1% in the quarter. The ongoing macroeconomic issues in Brazil continue to impact our businesses in the marketplace. For the quarter, they were down again at just over 1%. Offsetting Brazil, we continue to see positive performance elsewhere in the region, particularly from our agencies in Mexico. The Middle East and Africa, which was our smallest region was up 4.2% for the quarter. Turning to Slide 9, we present our mix of revenue by our client's industry sector. In comparing the full-year revenue for 2018 to 2017, you can see there were some minor shifts in distribution of our client revenue by industry, but nothing particularly noteworthy. Turning to our cash flow performance, on Slide 10, you can see that we generated $1.64 billion of free cash flow during the year, including a positive effect from changes in working capital as well as the proceeds of $308 million from the disposition of businesses, which primarily occurred in the third quarter. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 11, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $549 million, up due to the 5% increase in our quarterly dividend that was effective with the January 2018 payment, partially offset by the reduction in share count year-over-year, resulting from our repurchase activity. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders were $135 million, up $33 million year-on-year. Capital expenditures increased $40 million to $196 million as we continue our real estate reconfiguration efforts to increase operational efficiency. Acquisitions including earn-out payments were $477 million, up $392 million due to an increase in acquisition activity in 2018 as compared to the prior year. And stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled $568 million, roughly the same as in 2017. Excluding the $308 million of proceeds from our dispositions during the year, we outspent our free cash flow by about $283 million this year, primarily driven by our acquisition activity in 2018. Turning to Slide 12, regarding our capital structure at the end of the year, our total debt is down $33 million over the past year at just under $4.9 billion. Our net debt position at the end of the year was $1.23 billion, up $105 million compared to December 31 of 2017. The increase was principally due to the overspend of our free cash flow of $283 million and the negative impact of FX on our cash balances at year-end, which totaled approximately $200 million. Partially offsetting these, was the positive change in operating capital of approximately $80 million and the cash proceeds received from the sale of subsidiaries during the year of $308 million. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.0x and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.5x, both consistent with the ratios from this time last year. While our interest coverage ratio was 9.9x, down a little over the past year due to the increase in interest expense, it remains very strong. On Slide 13, you can see, we continue to manage and build the Company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio, 29.6%, while our return on equity was 51.4%. As we anticipated, both ratios were positively impacted this year by the lower U.S. corporate tax rates enacted at the end of 2017. And finally on Slide 15, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2009 through 2018, which totaled $10.3 billion and the bars show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders in the form of both dividends and net share repurchases, some of which during the same period was $10.7 billion. This resulted in a cumulative payout ratio of 104% over the last decade. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we've included several other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We go to the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you so much. Just a couple of questions if I may. First, I guess, how should we think broadly about organic growth in 2019? And can we continue to see this improvement in the U.S.? And then just a second question really is on the CRM execution business, which remains weak. I think you highlighted field marketing was particularly soft. I guess, are you planning to add any other divestitures similar to the ones we saw in Q3? Thank you.
John Wren: Good morning, Alexia. This is John. In terms of organic growth at this point, we are – what will start tomorrow is the process of sitting down with our companies and going through their final profit plans for 2019. So at this point, if I was making a prediction, I'd say organic growth is probably going to come in somewhere between 2% and 3%. I think it's similar to what we said in the past. Some of the wins that we've received, to your second question of domestic growth, I'm optimistic. Some of the wins that we had in the fourth quarter of 2018, specifically Ford and the U.S. Army, they're not going to make too much of a contribution, I don't think in the first quarter and half of this year, but after that, they should start to contribute rather significantly to our performance as domestically and in other parts of the world. I don't know, Phil, you want to add?
Philip Angelastro: Yes. Just to clarify, I think the 2% to 3%, which was our internal target last year is for the year. So that's where we're seeing 2019. At the moment, we don't have the best visibility given it's early February, in terms of what the year is going to shake out to be and certainly a lot of things can change between now and the balance of the year. But I think that's our current set of expectations.
John Wren: I can promise you, if we can do better, we will. With respect to your other question about CRM execution, we are constantly going through – we did do a lot of disposals during the year, but consistent with, I think what we've been telling the shareholders, we've been looking at our portfolio of companies and those that we don't think will contribute to our growth as we look forward, where we are considering disposal. We did quite a bit of work in the third quarter and earlier in the year that review constantly goes on, and as we will continue to go on, especially as we go through the next three or four weeks worth of proper planning for 2019.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just a follow-up if I may on your earlier comment, I don't want to nitpick too much about organic growth in any one quarter because I know it's a small dollar amount that makes a change, but just maybe a broader comment about the Q4 performance. You mentioned project business in Q4 came through well, which was a benefit for the better U.S. organic growth in Q4. But did you get a sense of sort of the underlying feel of the business also showed some improvement or am I trying to split hairs here that is too difficult to answer?
John Wren: Well, you might be trying to split hairs a little bit. As I think, we've said rather consistently, I know, I have for the last 20 years, when we get to the fourth quarter, there is a lot of activities that go on. There are a lot of budgets, which clients haven’t spent that they accelerate activities on. There are a lot of opportunities to sell additional products, which motivates clients to do so. And then there are some clients who try to hold back that spending to increase their P&Ls. This year, I think if I'm remembering correctly, 18 of the last 20 years, the fourth quarter has come through with that project spending. I think those one or two years during the great recession.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, last year was realistically, a little bit easier for the comp and we've had 10 years before, because we didn't do as well frankly in picking up that project spend as we did this year.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes. Good morning. I have three questions. My first one, just a follow-on to Alexia. Your organic outlook this year of 2% to 3%, what is your preliminary thought on margins for the year? Flat or what are you thinking right now, please?
John Wren: Phil and I maybe thinking differently. Again, we haven't finished our profit planning. At this point, if I had to make a prediction, I'd say, I'm looking at them to be flat. The primary headwind we have in margins is the strength of the U.S. dollar. We more or less predict for you what the impacts are going to be on the topline and we tell you that, but we don't predict for you what the impact is going to be on the EBIT line and that's always – that always create some pressure. So right now, I'd say margins should be flat.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't disagree. I think, we're certainly going to be working hard, yield a different answer and yield some improvement. But we do expect, let's say, we do expect to achieve some benefits from our continued operational efficiency efforts. We do expect some improvement from a change in mix achieved by some of the dispositions we did in 2018, businesses which are in balance little bit lower margin than our average. But FX in the fourth quarter, which was negative 2% on revenue for the first time in quite some time, did have a headwind on our margins in the fourth quarter. And we expect FX, certainly in the first half and for the year in 2019, will likely be much more of a headwind. How that will shake out our margins is tough to tell depending on where those FX movements happen.
Craig Huber: And my second question is net new business wins in the fourth quarter, what was that number please?
John Wren: Phil, you know it?
Philip Angelastro: Yes, it was a little over $1.1 billion.
Craig Huber: Okay, great. And then my last question, your performance obviously for the last year was much better than your two large European peers, although it wasn't as strong as it's been historically. And I'm just curious, John, it's been nowhere near nominal GDP growth per se. What would you say, John, is the three biggest factors in your mind that held it back to up 2.6% for the year and maybe what your outlook is for each of those factors for this new year? Has anything significantly changed on each of those three? Thank you.
John Wren: I think that the industry itself has been going through some changes in terms of the way the acceleration of digital and how that gets you rather than traditional forms of media. Some of the portfolio companies that we've had, which always contributed EBIT, especially in the areas of CRM Execution businesses like field marketing and other things, companies like Amazon and online delivery, eliminated the need for the same type of activity that has happened on a retail level, that's happened in the past. So it's been the last – I'd say two years have been years of transition. When we look at our portfolio, when we look at the companies that we believe will contribute to our growth going forward, we're looking at those factors and other changes in technology, which are going to impact the services that we've traditionally provided. And so far we've been able to do a pretty good job I think of identifying those areas and taking action on them where we can still get value where other people still have interest in those areas. So I think that's way down a bit in terms of some of the growth. The other thing that sitting and running a company, you don't mind when your competitors are weak, you really don't like it when your competitors are wounded because they tend to do things that they wouldn't do if they were simply weak and so it's been a rather competitive environment the last six months or so.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have a question from the line of Julien Roch with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, hi there. My first question is, can we have the impact of Accuen on organic in Q4? The second question is I feel several times you said that disposition had a positive impact on margin, FX had a negative impact on margin and your cost as well had a positive impact on margin. So could you break down the margin increase in 2018 between those three things? And then the last question is, in Q3, you kind of offset your capital gain of $178 million by a provision for restructuring of $149 million. Well, I assume that's mostly a provision. How much of that provision did you use in Q4? Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. While I'm answering the first two, we need to get the answer on the third number, but that will be in our 10-K filing. So on the first two, I think, well the Accuen number was $6 million growth in the fourth quarter and it basically was largely in the U.S. On the margin front, I can tell you, FX in the fourth quarter was a negative headwind of about little over 20 basis points. It's hard to split out and we don't, what was the exact impact of our operational efficiencies and what was the exact impact of the dispositions, but FX for the first time was negative in, I'm not sure I recall 20 basis points or so a meaningful difference, but I think some of the listener certainly are interested in that number. So that was that rough estimate. And then on – can you just give me a minute on the restructuring front, I think actually, I'm going to have to give you that offline Julien, because – we have the number, but I want to make sure I answer your question directly. So we can give you some clarity on that offline.
Julien Roch: Okay? Sure. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Salmon: Good morning, everyone. John, you've done a ton of work over the last couple years continuing with divestitures and changing your portfolio of assets, you've done the reorganization around practice groups, when you look across your base of business. I'm curious how do you think it rolls up into exposure by vertical – by client vertical, do you think about it that way at all looking to have maybe exposure to verticals with better secular growth over the long-term? And then, just related to that is sort of maybe mix of your largest clients versus how important it is to you to engage some of the more up and coming innovator brands maybe what we call the direct to consumer brands, more broadly. We would love to hear some more thoughts on that. And then, Phil, just quickly M&A was obviously considerably higher this year versus 2017. Maybe that's you also outspent free cash flow. Would you say 2018 is more reflective of what you would consider a quote unquote, "normal year" in that 2017 was unusually conservative and how we think about that to frame your thinking on your uses of free cash flow this year coming up? Thanks.
John Wren: A couple of questions there, I think if you look at the verticals, I think it's Slide 10, so I referred to it earlier, kind of give you an indication of the industry sectors that we service. Since the formation of Omnicom, excuse me, it's Slide 9, since the formation in Omnicom, we've always been focused on serving one, blue-chip clients, two, globally not concentrated in any one area or in any one industry and I think if you look at this slide, plus we've provided it in the past, if you put a few of these years not only 2018 and 2017 together, you'll see that that's been the case for quite a while. So that's in one instance. If you take a look at our top 25 clients, our matrix area covers up to 100 of our top clients now, but just the top 25, it represents just some of the formula $4 billion of our revenue and we service them in many, many areas and it's a concentration – it's not a concentration of any particular industry, hash tag, there is auto, there is Pharma, there is financial services, it goes across the Board, very consistent with let's depicted on Slide 9. In those areas where we've been able to do that, during the year those same clients contributed about 4% growth to our overall organic growth for the year. So we are proving that as we have these practice areas; number one, focusing on skills and crafts the clients need, plus a matrix system of practice areas where we bring everybody servicing that client together, we're able to identify more quickly, needs that clients have and adjust our portfolio and services as quickly as we possibly can. So it's all moving again it's been going on for close to three years, but we are very satisfied with the progress that we're making. We think it will contribute to our progress going forward.
Philip Angelastro: On the M&A question, I think it's hard to say what 2019 is going to be, because we don't put together internal target with a dollar amount for our targeted M&A spend and then set our M&A focus and network as off to find deals to meet that target, end up doing deals that you otherwise probably would have been better off not doing, but you might have met the target. So we don't plan to change that approach. I think our preference would be to do more M&A similar to what we accomplished in 2018, more accretive deals if they're available, if they have the right strategic and cultural fit. We don't want to do more than less. So we prefer to do more deals like we did in 2018 as opposed to a pretty low level in 2017, but it's hard to predict. I mean we've got a number of them in the pipeline that we've been working on and continue to work on. Some of them end up having a long cycle of discussions. Some of them we don't ultimately get close. So it's hard to predict, but we would certainly prefer to look more like what we accomplished in 2018 and 2017.
Daniel Salmon: Great. Thank you, both. Very helpful.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Timothy Nollen: Good morning. Thanks. Just like – just one question like to follow up on the outlook for 2019. If you could maybe give us a little bit of color on how clients are approaching spending this year, just in general terms given some big macro issues such as possible slowdowns in China and Brexit risk and so on. Just kind of how are clients thinking about ending this year versus other years and if it's possible to break down kind of an underlying client spending impact on the 2% to 3% versus new business flowing in place?
John Wren: The clients that I've spoken to and we'll get greater insight as we talk to some of our network heads over the course of next 10 days, they are cognizant of the fact that there is a lot of change going on in the world. These are Brexit, you got China slowing down, is the Fed going to raise interest rates, is it going to stay on hold. There's quite a number of factors. Having said that, I believe I'm speaking for most of our clients and they know that they're in the business of selling products and growing their top lines. So they're going to continue to do whatever activities are necessary to accomplish those tasks. So there's no fear – I don't get a sense of fear. I don't get a sense of this is going to be – everything is fine and there are no geopolitical or other risks out there. It's just going to be another year, similar to the ones we've had in I think the last two. And your second question, I think I missed.
Timothy Nollen: Yeah, if you could just help us understand how much of the 2% or 3% preliminary outlook is just underlying client ongoing spending versus inflow of new business, because you had some nice wins toward the end of the year?
Philip Angelastro: Yes. At this point in the year, we don't calculate that. Typically what makes up our organic growth is growth from existing clients, new business wins and losses that we might have. It's been net of those. Yes, it isn't a single number and it isn't that easy to kind of capture it. From a definition perspective it might down pretty straightforward and simple, but when you collect the data at the detail level and roll it up that there's quite a bit of judgment in terms of how those things fall into each of those buckets. So we don't have that kind of information readily available this morning.
Timothy Nollen: Okay, sure. Thanks a lot.
John Wren: I think the market is about to open. We have time for one more call, operator.
Operator: Very good. It’s the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a quick question. You were very kind to talk about the headwind next year, acquisitions and net of dispositions on the topline, to talk about those disposed assets also having lower margins. I just wondered if the disposed assets also had slower growth and might sort of help your organic growth or maybe indeed they were faster growing, it might be a headwind, but any color on the impact your organic growth would be helpful from the dispositions.
John Wren: Personally, I'm not anticipating it is having a significant, statistically measurable type of impact on our overall performance in terms of organic growth. What we were doing, the reason we got paid value I think for the companies that we did dispose off was because of we were projecting out several years and saying that unless we became tremendously larger in these particular areas, we probably wouldn't be able to sustain the growth that we had. And so therefore, we made a decision that somebody else could do a better job with those assets and that's why we got rid of them. So I don't have that calculation for you.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I think we did that calculation in Q3, but it's not one that we've kind of baked into our internal processes and systems, because we typically try not to carve out all the bad stuff, leaving all the good stuff. But I think it's safe to say that as a portfolio, as we look at 2019, the businesses we disposed of in 2018 were not growing faster than our overall organic growth profile in 2018 for the rest of the business, exactly how much from a dollars or percentage perspective by quarter, we don't think the numbers are going to be that meaningful and we don't have them at hand.
Jason Bazinet: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure. Okay, well thank you everybody for joining the call and we'll talk to you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President, Investor Relations John Wren - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Julien Roch - Barclays Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce you to your host of today’s call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation, covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. Thank you for joining our call this morning. I am pleased to speak to you this morning about our third quarter 2018 results. It’s been a very busy quarter as we successfully executed many of the repositioning plans and dispositions that we discussed on our last call on July 17. On August 31, we completed the previously announced disposal of Sellbytel. In addition, during the third quarter, we disposed of 18 other companies, which were primarily in our CRM execution and support discipline and to a lesser extent in our CRM consumer experience discipline. These businesses were no longer aligned with our long-term strategy. The disposition activity resulted in a net gain to our P&L in the quarter which Phil will cover during his remarks. With respect to the company’s results, we reduced headcount by approximately 7,000 people. We also accelerated certain planned cost reduction and real estate consolidation activities in the quarter. During the quarter, we took actions to reduce our staff in our ongoing operations by over 1,400 people with annual payroll of approximately 135 million. These staff actions fell into three general categories. Approximately 500 positions will be replaced as we refresh and upgrade our talent to meet our agency’s current needs. The retirement of a number of senior executives in our networks, practice areas and at Omnicom corporate, these retirements ensure that our succession plans are up-to-date and that we are creating opportunities for upcoming leaders and the savings from the remaining reductions in the headcount will contribute to our goal of offsetting the EBIT loss from the dispositions we completed in the quarter. During the quarter, we also accelerated our real estate consolidation plans by creating more large open and modern campus style hubs, encouraging greater cross-agency collaboration. This move has resulted in efficiencies by allowing us to vacate more than 400,000 square feet in several cities, including Atlanta, Dallas, New York and London. In addition to discussing the net gain from our disposition activity, Phil will address the repositioning costs we incurred in the quarter associated with the staff and real estate actions. Looking forward we expect that the reduction to our EBIT from the dispositions we completed will be substantially offset by savings achieved from our cost reduction and real estate consolidation actions. We continued to evaluate the portfolio of businesses to identify areas for investment and acquisition opportunities as well as to identify non-strategic or underperforming businesses or potential disposition. Turning now to our third quarter results, prior to the end of the second quarter we began to hold discussions with interested buyers and the managers of many of the companies we disposed during the third quarter. As you would expect given the activity related to preparing for the dispositions the managers for these businesses were distracted causing a decline in the performance of these businesses during the quarter, the impact of the dispositions reduced overall organic growth by 0.40% in the quarter and reduced organic growth in the U.S. by 0.60% in the quarter. Assuming all of our third quarter dispositions had occurred on July 1 we had total organic growth of 3.3% for the quarter and 1.2% in the U.S. for the quarter which better reflects the performance of the portfolio companies that we now have. Third quarter EBIT margin excluding the impact from the net gain from dispositions and the repositioning cost was 12.7%, up 10 basis points versus the same period in 2017 and EPS excluding these same items was up 9.7% to $1.24 per share for the quarter. Looking at our third quarter organic growth across disciplines we had positive results in almost every area of our portfolio. Advertising and media were up 4%, CRM consumer experience was up 5.5%, healthcare was up 2.9% and PR increased 2.4%. CRM execution and support was down 3.6% in the quarter. The majority of our dispositions were in this area. By region the U.S. was up 1.2% in the quarter, CRM consumer experience and healthcare performed very well, advertising and media as well as public relations had positive results. In CRM execution and support was negative. Looking forward to 2019, we will benefit from some of our recent new business wins which I will discuss later in my remarks. I am cautiously optimistic that our growth in the U.S. will continue to improve. Canada was down 6.4% for the quarter driven by a decline in our media operations as well as weak performance in our advertising agencies. The UK was down 0.30% in the third quarter. CRM consumer experience and PR performed very well while healthcare was also positive. Offsetting this growth were declines primarily in CRM execution and support, particularly in research and field marketing. Overall growth in the euro and non-euro region was very strong at 6.9% led by France, Italy, Spain, Russia and the Czech Republic. Germany had negative growth for the quarter. Asia Pacific third quarter organic growth was up 14% as Australia, China and New Zealand had double digit growth and most of the markets in the region performed well. Latin America increased by almost 2% for the quarter, Mexico and Colombia led the way with middle single-digit growth. Brazil was flat for the quarter. Our smallest region the Middle East and Africa was nominally negative in the quarter. Looking at our cash flow, in the nine months of 2018 we generated $1.1 billion in free cash flow and returned $930 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our use of cash remains unchanged, paying our dividend, pursuing accretive acquisitions and repurchasing shares with the balance of the free cash flow. Lastly, our balance sheet and liquidity remain very strong. We are pleased with our financial performance in third quarter and remain on track to achieve our full year objectives for 2018. Turning now to our operations, we continued to restructure our organization to keep pace with the structural changes in our industry and the needs of our clients. At the same time, we remain very focused on the areas that differentiate Omnicom from our other competitors. Omnicom houses some of the industry's most iconic brands like BBDO, DDB and TBWA, as well as many others. Our philosophy is that individual agencies driven by strong cultures will continue to exist as incubators of creativity. We are deploying digital data and analytical tools to enhance the delivery of our services from strategy to creative to media to PR and precision marketing, so that we can deliver meaningful personalized messages at scale. Today virtually all of our businesses are improving their services through the utilization of new technologies and data. And finally, we continue to focus on our agility and being able to offer our services to clients in a manner that is consistent with their go-to-market strategies. This means having a flexible and nimble organization that aligns our people and assets that serve the specific needs of our clients. The actions we took in the quarter that I discussed earlier will further streamline our operations and allow us to act in an even more agile manner. I'm pleased to report that we're in a very strong competitive position. We have remained focused and are making progress on our key strategic objectives, growing and developing our talent while increasing the diversity of our workforce, simplifying our service offering and organization through our new practice area and client matrix structure, making investments in our agencies and acquisitions to expand our capabilities in data analytics and precision marketing, and maintaining a relentless focus on improving our operational efficiencies throughout our entire portfolio. We’ve made good progress on enhancing our capabilities in digital transformation, data-driven solution and customer-centric services in the third quarter through acquisitions and investments. In July, Omnicom Precision Marketing Group acquired Credera, a full-service management and IT consulting firm with offices in Dallas, Houston and Denver. With a core focus on marTtech and ecommerce platforms, the company deliver solutions that increase consumer engagement and drive sales growth for its clients. Credera with Omnicom Precision Marketing Group’s global presence and leadership in data and analytics creates compelling offering for Omnicom's existing clients and prospects. In August, Clemenger BBDO purchased the majority stake in Levo, a leading marketing services and technology business with offices across Australia and New Zealand. The company helps its clients expand and transform their organizations by designing and deploying marketing automation and ecommerce platforms. Combined with Clemenger's existing digital and data capabilities, Levo will enable the Group to have one of the most advanced business transformation capabilities in the market. And on October 1, we acquired the media and marketing performance business of United Digital Group in Germany. The business is one of the largest performance marketing providers in the market with a suite of offerings including SEO, SEA, Affiliate Marketing, Social Media Advertising and Digital Analytics. We also continue to invest in our data and analytics platform during the quarter. As I discussed on our last call, we recently launched a people-based precision marketing and insight platform called Omni. Omni is an enterprise-wide platform to connect creative CRM and media across a single audience definition. By the end of the year our goal is to have all of our agencies using Omni to create, plan and execute campaigns for our clients. Now let me turn to some of our recent new business wins, which reflect the talented people that represent Omnicom every day. In early October Ford named BBDO as its global creative agency. The Ford win reinforces our view that clients continue to recognize the increasing importance and the power of big creative ideas will differentiate customer experiences and transform brands. In naming BBDO as its agency, Ford specifically mentioned the importance to them of world-class creative and that’s what we can deliver. And as was disclosed last week, AT&T’s newly formed Warner Media Group is in the process of consolidating the entirety of its U.S. media business with Hearts and Science. When the consolidation is completed, the agency will handle both the traditional and digital media for all Warner Brothers, HBO and Turner Properties in addition to its existing AT&T relationship. This win is a testament to the confidence that one of our very largest clients as in our people. We believe our longstanding commitment to hiring and developing the best talent in the industry, is key to our new business success. As a result, we continue to make substantial investments in education from programs that will address new digital technologies and data platforms all the way through our advanced Omnicom University programs for current and future leaders. I am proud that our efforts are paying off as Omnicom was recently recognized by Forbes as one of the world’s best employers in 2018. It is a significant recognition for us and what’s more we are the only advertising and marketing firm on their list. Our dedication to having the best talent in the industry was again recognized by the industry this quarter. After winning big at the Cannes Lions Festival seeing our agencies continue their winning streak at the 2018 Spikes Asia Festival of Creativity was especially gratifying. Here are a few of the highlights. For the fifth consecutive year, BBDL received the night’s top honor by winning Network of the Year with DDB placing second. DDB Australia was runner up for Agency of the Year and PHD placed third for Media Network of the Year. In total, over 20 Omnicom agencies in 15 countries contributed to nearly 120 Spike awards with work from 40 different clients. I am also very proud that [indiscernible] was honored with the best PR Firm Diversity Initiative at PR Week’s Diversity and Distinction Awards. I am a true believer that more diverse teams create even better work. I want to recognize and thank the people at our agencies for the world-class integrated campaigns, outstanding new business wins and the great work that enable us to deliver these results. In closing, we had good financial performance and made meaningful progress on our strategic and operational initiatives in the third quarter. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John and good morning. From John’s remarks, you can tell we had a very active third quarter. As our businesses always do, this quarter they continue to focus on responding to our clients’ needs while ensuring that they proactively manage their own cost structures. And as we mentioned and as we expected back in July, during the quarter, we closed on the disposition of Sellbytel, our European-based sale support business. That transaction, along with 18 other smaller dispositions we completed during the third quarter, resulted in a net pre-tax gain of $178 million. In addition, during the quarter, we recorded charges of $149 million for repositioning actions primarily resulting from severance and lease terminations in connection with ongoing efforts to enhance the strategic position and operating effectiveness of our businesses. Lastly, we recorded additional tax expense of approximately $29 million resulting from adjustments of the provisional amounts originally recorded in connection with the 2017 Tax Act. We will discuss our 2018 results both with and without the impact of the net gain from dispositions, repositioning charges and the tax adjustments in connection with the Tax Act. The non-GAAP adjusted results on Slides 5 through 8 presents our results excluding these items and show how our underlying businesses performed year-on-year on a comparable basis. For the third quarter, our organic revenue growth was 2.9%. Organic growth was 3.3% for Q3 of 2018 after adjusting to reflect the pro forma impact of third quarter dispositions, which reduced organic growth in the quarter as if they occurred on July 1. FX negatively impacted revenue for the first time since Q2 of 2017. The decrease to our reported revenue for the third quarter was $62 million or 1.7%. Regarding the impact of our acquisition and disposition activity that John spoke about during his remarks, we completed a number of dispositions during the third quarter, the largest of which was Sellbytel. We also made a pair of acquisitions in the quarter, complement our precision marketing businesses in the U.S. and Australian markets. The net impact of these activities reduced third quarter revenue by about $35 million or 0.90%. Based on activity completed prior to and during the third quarter, the projected reduction in revenue from net dispositions and acquisitions will be approximately 2.5% for the fourth quarter which would result in a net decrease for the full year of 2018 of approximately 2.3%. And lastly as a reminder, we were required to adopt the FASB’s new revenue recognition standard known as ASC 606 effective at the beginning of this year. The impact of applying the new revenue recognition standard reduced our reported revenue by approximately $17 million or 0.4% in the quarter. As a result our reported revenue decreased marginally to $3.7 billion. I will discuss in more detail the components of the changes in revenue in a few minutes. Moving to Slide 5, our reported operating profit for the quarter was $502 million, an increase of 6.8% versus last year. Our non-GAAP adjusted operating profit or EBIT which excludes the impact of the net gain from dispositions and the repositioning charges for the quarter increased to $473 million or 0.7%, resulting in an operating margin of 12.7% which was up 10 basis points over our Q3 2017 results. On a reported basis Q3 EBITDA increased 5.9% to $528 million. The non-GAAP adjusted Q3 EBITDA and EBITDA margin amounts were effectively flat with Q3 of last year at just under $500 million and 13.4% respectively. Net interest expense for the quarter was $56.7 million, up $4.3 million versus last year’s third quarter figure and up $4.2 million versus the $52.5 million reported in the second quarter of 2018. Gross interest expense in the quarter was up $4.4 million compared to last year’s Q3, primarily due to the impact of increased rates and interest expense on our floating rate swaps, while interest income in the quarter increased slightly versus the prior year. When compared with Q2 of this year interest expense in the third quarter increased by approximately $3 million due to the increase in interest expense on our floating interest rate swaps and interest income decreased by $1.2 million. Turning to income taxes, our reported effective tax rate for the third quarter was 25.9%. Primary driver of the lower effective rate was the lower U.S. tax rate resulting from the enactment of the 2017 Tax Act, which reduced the Federal statutory tax rate to 21% as well as a lower tax rate on the gain from dispositions of subsidiaries in the quarter. The decrease in the effective tax rate in the quarter was partially offset by additional tax expense of $29 million resulting from adjustments to the provisional amounts originally recorded in Q4 of 2017 related to the enactment of tax reform at the end of last year. As of now we expect that our effective tax rate for Q4 of 2018 will be approximately 27% excluding the impact on our 2018 effective tax rate from share-based compensation items which we cannot predict because of the subject to changes in our share price and the impact of future stock option exercises. Earnings from our affiliates totaled $1 million for the quarter, down slightly versus Q3 of last year. Regarding non-controlling interests in connection with the sale of Sellbytel, part of the gain was allocated to minority shareholders. Excluding the impacts of the gain the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries was $25.5 million, up $2.2 million when compared to Q3 of last year. So for the quarter, our reported net income was $299 million, an increase of $35.3 million. The net impact of the gain on the dispositions, repositioning charges and the additional tax expense recorded in connection with the Tax Act increased our reported net income by $18.2 million. Excluding these items, our non-GAAP net income of the third quarter increased 6.5%, $280.7 million. Now, turning to Slide 6, net income available for common shareholders for the quarter was $298.9 million, while our non-GAAP adjusted figure was $280.7 million. Our share repurchase activity over the past 12 months decreased our diluted share count for the quarter by 2.9% versus Q3 of last year, 225.9 million shares. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.32 per share, up 16.8% versus Q3 of 2017. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS for the quarter, excluding the impact of the net gain from dispositions, the repositioning charges and the tax expense adjustments recorded in connection with the Tax Act, was up $0.11 or 9.7% to $1.24 per share. On Slides 3 and 4, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. We have also provided the non-GAAP adjusted presentation for the 9 month results on Slides 7 and 8, which excludes the third quarter items that we identified. Since the year-to-date results are in line with our Q3 performance, I won’t review the year-to-date slides in detail. Returning to the details of our revenue performance in the third quarter, starting on Slide 9, as we discussed in detail during previous calls this year after a comprehensive review of the impact that new revenue recognition standard would have on our businesses, including detailed reviews of our client compensation arrangements, we determined that the adoption of ASC 606 did not have material impact on our revenue or our operating results. However, ASC 606 did change the timing of the recognition of certain performance incentive provisions included in our client arrangements. Because we adopted the new standard by the modified retrospective method of adoption, prior year results are not comparable. In the supplemental financial information section in the presentation, we present revenue for the quarter and year-to-date periods for 2018 without the impact of ASC 606. We estimate the impact of applying the new revenue recognition standard, reduced our reported revenue in the third quarter of 2018 by $17 million and by $109 million for the first 9 months of the year, 0.25% and 1.0% for the two periods respectively. The impact on EBIT and our results from operations as well as the balance sheet and cash flow were not material. Based on our latest projections, for the full year, we are still estimating reduction of revenue of approximately $150 million related to the adoption of ASC 606. Because of the dollar’s continued strengthening over the past year, the FX impact on our reported revenue created a headwind in the third quarter. The impact of changes in currency rates decreased reported revenue by 1.7% or $62 million in revenue for the quarter and the strengthening was widespread. On a year-over-year basis in the third quarter, the dollar strengthened against every one of our major foreign currencies. The largest FX movements in the quarter were from the Brazilian reais, the euro and the Australian dollar. Looking forward, the currency stay where they currently are. We anticipate that the FX impact will again reduce our reported revenue by approximately 1.5% to 2% for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we are currently estimating that the FX impact will still be slightly positive at about approximately 0.50%. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $35 million in the quarter or 0.9%. We completed the disposition of Sellbytel effective August 31. So, the impact of that disposition is only reflected for the month of September. Similar to Sellbytel, most of the other dispositions were completed late in the third quarter. We also made two acquisitions in the third quarter to strengthen our precision marketing and digital transformation capabilities, Credera, which is based outside of Dallas and Levo which operates in Australia and New Zealand. As a result, we expect the net reduction to revenue from our acquisition and disposition activity of approximately 2.5% to 3% in the fourth quarter and 2.3% for the full year 2018 as well as a reduction of approximately 3% in the first half of 2019. And finally, our remaining mix by geography and by discipline, organic growth for the third quarter was up 2.9% or $108 million, organic growth was 3.3% for Q3 2018 after adjusting to reflect the pro forma impact of third quarter dispositions, which reduced organic growth in the quarter as if they occurred on July 1. Geographically, Europe and Asia-Pacific regions continued their strong performances. The U.S. was slightly positive by 0.6% or 1.2% after adjusting to reflect the pro forma impact of third quarter dispositions, which also reduced organic growth in the quarter as if they occurred on July 1. From our service disciplines, we once again saw strong results in our CRM consumer experience businesses, while advertising was up in our CRM execution and support businesses for the majority of the Q3 dispositions occurred were down for the quarter. Slide 11 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the second quarter, the split was 54% for advertising and 46% for marketing services. As for the organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was up 4%. Media once again paced the discipline’s organic growth. And while our global and national advertising agencies continue to experience mixed performance, we did see some improvement when compared to earlier quarters this year, including in the U.S. CRM consumer experience was up 5.5% for the quarter. Precision marketing had a very strong quarter, but we also saw solid performance from our experiential agencies. CRM Execution & Support was down 3.6% driven by lackluster performance in the U.S. PR was up 2.3% based by the performance of our UK-based agencies. The healthcare was up 2.9% with positive growth across all regions. On Slide 12 which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter, split was 54% U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 10% for the UK, 18% for the rest of Europe, 12% for Asia-Pacific, 3% for Latin America and the rest for the Middle East and Africa markets. Turning to the details of our performance by region on Slide 13, organic revenue growth in the U.S. was up 0.6% or 1.2% after adjusting to reflect the pro forma impact of third quarter dispositions as if they occurred on July 1, so a positive performance for most of our disciplines. CRM consumer experience led the way, while CRM Execution & Support was the only discipline that decreased domestically. The UK was down slightly at 0.3% and the rest of Europe was up 6.9% organically in the quarter with positive performance across all disciplines. Geographically, France, Italy and Spain continued to turn in strong performances this quarter, while Germany underperformed overall. Organic growth in Europe outside the Eurozone was positive as well. Asia-Pacific region had a very strong quarter, with organic growth over 13% led by Greater China, Australia and New Zealand, which all had double-digit organic growth this quarter, while Japan was once again down in the quarter. Latin America had organic growth of 1.7% in the quarter. As has been the pattern, Brazil after a positive second quarter returned to slightly negative organic growth and was down about 1%. Offsetting Brazil, we continue to see positive performance from our agencies in Colombia and Mexico and Middle East and Africa, which is our smallest region, was down slightly for the quarter. Turning to Slide 14, we present our mix of revenue on our clients’ industry sector. In comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2018 to 2017, you can see there were some minor shifts in the distribution of our client revenue by industry, but nothing particularly significant. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 15, you can see that in the first half of the year, we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow, including changes in working capital, the first 9 months of 2018 and excluding the proceeds of $308 million from the dispositions of businesses in Q3. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 16, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $414 million, dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders were $105 million. Capital expenditures increased by about 7% to $116 million. We reconfigure our real estate footprint to be more efficient. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, totaled just under $432 million primarily as a result of increased acquisition activity this year and stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $518 million in line with the first three quarters of last year. All-in, we have spent our free cash flow by about $450 million year-to-date. Turning to Slide 17, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt is just a shade under $4.9 billion. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.76 billion, down $350 million from this time last year and up $1.9 billion compared to year end December 31, 2017. Over the first 9 months of the year, the increase in net debt was a result of typical uses of working capital that historically occur as we progress through the year. The use of our cash in excess of free cash flow of approximately $450 million, which excludes the impact of the cash received on our Q3 dispositions and the decrease in our cash balance related to the effect of exchange rates, which reduced the cash on our 9/30/2018 balance sheet by approximately $150 million. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.0x and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.1x, while our interest coverage ratio was 10.2x down due to the increase in interest expense over the past year. On Slide 18, you can see we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio, 20.6%, while our return on equity was 48.2%. And finally on Slide 20, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 plus years. The line on top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2008 through September 30, 2018, which totaled $10.9 billion. And the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period was $11.5 billion, resulting in a cumulative payout ratio well in excess of 100% over the last decade. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. Nice to see some improvement in U.S. organic growth in the quarter. I know you spent a lot of time talking about the dispositions and the repositioning, but I am curious if there were other drivers for the better growth that you saw in the U.S. in terms of are you seeing a pickup in some client spending, is the new business maybe more of a tailwind in the quarter than it’s been the headwind, I mean I guess anymore color you can give us on the changes sort of gives the confidence that the type of repositioning we are seeing the underlying business getting a little bit better?
John Wren: Yes. Alexia, we have cycled through number of count losses from over a year ago. A lot of clients are in fact spending, not huge sums more, but they are spending money and I think that’s the trend that will continue as we go forward. And new business I mean we have been very successful just at the end of this quarter which is going to benefit 2019 greatly. We are still waiting a few more pitches which will be big contributors if successful with regard to those and those are supposed to get announced in November sometime. Though I am feeling good about the business, we have a lot of work to do. We are feeling good about it.
Alexia Quadrani: And then on the – I think the press report said that the Ford business may come online as soon as November that seems a little early for me, I know transition usually take longer, do you think you will see any – you don’t address Ford directly, but do you think you will see any of the benefits of the recent wins in general benefit Q4 or they are really 2019 like you mentioned and then I have a quick follow-up for Phil?
John Wren: Yes. I don’t know what information the reporter had been reporting what the reported did, but I am expecting the contribution to revenue in 2019 from those particular wins.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thank you. And then just Phil, just a question on the restructuring charges or severance expense, I know you said you continue to evaluate your business and you are constantly repositioning and looking at it, should we assume further charges in the fourth quarter or do you think this is sort of a particularly big quarter in terms of these expenses flowing through and you won’t necessarily foresee them coming in the next quarter?
Phil Angelastro: We would this quarter I think we view as have a lot more activity for sure than we typically do. The numbers, severance number that is essentially carved out in the non-GAAP column is the incremental severance number. So we typically expect to have and do have severance every quarter. Essentially that numbers in excess of our average severance, average quarterly severance that we have had in the last couple years, that’s in the $20 million or $20 million to $25 million range every quarter, so that numbers in excess of the average, it’s just the incremental amount. I think going forward as a business it’s always been continued to part of our business, it’s turn over, it’s changing our talent, etcetera. But certainly this quarter was much more extensive than our second quarter.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi, thank you very much. Let me start with in Europe if I could please, you mentioned that Germany was down, I was wondering if that was client specific or more economics from your balance sheet point. And then also can just touch on the UK slightly down than second quarter, was that more economics driven uncertainty on Brexit and I have couple of follow-ons? Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: I think you know I will take Germany first. So no we don’t see there is a broad economic issue in Germany in terms of what’s happened in the last couple of quarters actually. But I think Germany was on – our businesses in Germany were on a good run for quite a long time with quite a good growth rate. And I think that was just kind of natural slowdown there have been a couple of client losses, couple of businesses that have struggled that we have been working with through our networks and local management teams. So I think Germany itself in terms of our performance hasn’t been I wouldn’t chalk it up to the German economy slowing as opposed to the businesses that we have got and the client portfolios to be regenerated a bit and we are working with them to do that.
John Wren: Similarly, with the UK, the clients that we have had there were pretty specific to businesses that we have and they are no longer real mainstream businesses. We have a standalone research business that declined and we have pretty expensive field marketing operations still up in Northern England [ph]. And there was a slight decline in those that’s what contributed to that, didn’t have anything to do with the baseline economy.
Craig Huber: And then also John in the U.S., I guess making the adjustments you had the two dispositions done at the beginning of the quarter, you will be up 1.2% in the quarter we just finished here, when you think about that versus the U.S. economy, it seems like you probably grew 4% again third quarter I guess we will find out in a couple of weeks for sure and you add maybe a couple of percent for inflation to get to 6%, can you just walk us through in your mind right now why that’s the large gap of 1.2% organic number just based in the U.S. versus what it looks like maybe nominal GDP of about 6% and normally you would be how much closer to align with that is it, I would just like to hear your thoughts around that please? Thanks.
John Wren: Yes. Normally when I start – in years passed when we compare to GDP we always did that on an annual basis not a quarterly basis. But I think there is a number of reasons that that’s happening. One, there are some structural changes which have occurred in the business which were especially in 2018 been adjusting to. What do I mean, programmatic business that was done by us outside in the past and had a fairly high revenue associated with it. Clients have decided to take that in house. They are doing it. Now we have gone in house with them, in most cases in the case of programmatic. We are still making roughly the same amount of money when you look at profit or EBIT, but the revenue number is different. There were a couple of client losses in the past and recycling through them, what else, some of our non-advertising businesses have individually suffered. Those are the ones that we have been looking at and selecting 18 this quarter that which we sold and there are still one or two more that we weren’t able to complete during the quarter because the buyers didn’t have proper financing. So when that occurs, they will occur, but there is nothing to concern yourself with because there will be some more properties associated with both, that’s about as much of a reconciliations I had in my head.
Craig Huber: John, in your mind do you feel your organic growth that you put up this quarter sort of versus behind you here in the last couple of years or it’s too hard to tell?
John Wren: No. I remain cautiously optimistic, especially again especially as we go into 2019 and my optimism is based primarily on two things – three things, one is we haven’t lost any large clients, so we are not – we don’t have any automatic headwinds going into the year. We have had some pretty handsome wins which should start to kick in, in the first quarter of next year. And our clients are – certainly most of them are not still looking to cut back, but they are looking to invest in their own businesses, so that’s what makes me optimistic.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Roch of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. Thank you very much for taking the question. Look, first one quickly for Phil, could we get the impact of Acuren [ph] on Q3 organic. My second question is do you expect more disposition to be announced next year, John in you introductory remark you said you were still identifying non-strategic underperforming businesses for disposition, but any initial idea on what the impact could be next year on top of the 3% in the first half, are we talking an extra 2, an extra 4? And then the last one is the impact on margin from disposition to the business sold are lower in line or higher margin than the group? Thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, the impact of acqu in this quarter was – it was down $7 million in the quarter, most of that was international and the U.S. was basically flat. As far as – I’ll take the margins and then maybe John want to touch on the disposition. So, we can – we continue to focus on EBIT dollars not the margin percentage. And I would say that the – overall, the expectation given dispositions that the revenue base is going to be down in our goal and target is to replace that EBIT through the actions we've taken in the third quarter, you can expect that the percentage will increase. And as a basket I think the smaller – the smaller dispositions beyond Sellbytel will probably a lower margin than our average and the bigger business was probably equal to or a little bit higher right around our average. So overall, even though we’re focused on the dollars, I think the net result is going to be the percentage would go up.
John Wren: And finally, with respect to dispositions, as I mentioned a minute ago or two that we’d originally identified that didn’t get completed in the third quarter because the buyers didn't have financing in charge, but those conversations continue, they’re not very large, there won’t be much – they won’t impact the past numbers that Phil gave you. And as we look at the portfolio, there is nothing in the portfolio that I have a burning desire to dispose off. Most of our companies have been streamlined and we’re very happy with their performance or the future performance, but there will always be exceptions that pop up from time-to-time, and when we can get a fair price for companies that we no longer feel are strategic, we’ll act on it.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think similar to acquisitions, we don't have a disposition target or bogey that we then have our folks chase around to meet that target. So we’re going to continue to be opportunistic in the future.
Julien Roch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. A couple for Philip I could. Just going back to the severance numbers he gave us, just want to make sure I got this right. About 1,400 heads, 500 to be replaced, he mentioned $135 million salary run rate. Could you give us a sense of what the total impact after the replacements come in, what the total impact to savings might be for 2019? And then I have one follow-up after that. Thanks, Phil.
Phil Angelastro: So, the savings I would say is going to be impacted by an awful lot of things. Certainly, we expect the net result of this take out some costs because ultimately we’re going to continue to pursue all the efficiency initiatives we've been pursuing, but we’re going to continue to look at what we need to invest to grow the business and some of the new business wins which we’ve recently – which have recently come in the door are also going to impact what the net savings are going to be. So, we don't have a specific number that we've carved out, there’s still quite a few moving parts to get to the ultimate savings number, but certainly, we've done this because the intention is to lock in those savings and pursue them in the future, we just don't have a quantified number to give you.
Peter Stabler: Okay, great. And then quickly moving on to the commentary around dispositions in the 40 bps of organic growth impact. We understand the distraction issue as you go into negotiations and divestiture. Can you give us a sense though how those divested businesses had been tracking let’s say over the full course of the year, have they been a significant weight on prior quarters as well or was this really an issue where performance really fell off quite abruptly in this quarter and then we didn’t see a similar impact leading up to this? Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, if you took a similar approach to say what are the businesses that we disposed off during 2018, what was their growth while they were part of the portfolio. So for the – somewhere between six to nine-month period that they were part of the portfolio, they declined as a group probably in a similar fashion to what they did in the third quarter, somewhere I think not quite 40 basis points, but probably closer to 30 basis points. And probably three quarters of that where the vast majority of it impact our U.S. business, probably three quarters of that impacted the U.S. business or came from the U.S. businesses that were disposed in the third quarter.
Peter Stabler: Great. Thank you. That’s helpful.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with  MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. So, I have one for John and one for Phil. John, I hear you talk about the acquisitions you’re doing, they’re all a lot more technology-focused, lot more data-driven. Can you talk a bit over time whether these deals come more expensive and less accretive to you in the beginning versus what you may have done prior – previously? And then for Phil, could you just give us a sense of your philosophy on working capital, I know it’s pretty volatile by quarter, but when the year is all set and done, is working capital still a benefit for you guys or a modest headwind. So, how are you thinking about working capital for a fall of ‘18?
John Wren: Yes. I have to say that we – to-date we’ve only done accretive acquisitions, and if I’m comparing the price that prices of multiples we pay in 2018 than say 10 years ago, they’ve gone up a little bit, because you’re competing amongst not so much your typical competitors, but there’s a lot of PE money that has been out there. Now as the Fed starts to tighten up some of that money will start to dry up. So, should be at least stable as we move forward.
Phil Angelastro: On the working capital front, I think certainly expect it to continue to benefit to the business. I think there’s no question as we’ve indicated in prior calls, it’s certainly as challenging as it’s ever been or more challenging than it’s ever been. Through the nine months we’re about flat in terms of working capital performance and that’s a hiccup in the most recent quarter, most recent two quarters from some negative performance earlier in the year. But I think neutral to benefit is where we see it going forward, but it does require quite a bit of work.
Michael Nathanson: Okay, thanks, guys.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just going to be focusing more on acquisitions or continue with the conversation on acquisitions. John, can you put this Credera deal in context for us, is IT consulting, marTtech, strategic focus for the company? How do we think about that shift for you guys either in terms of the competitive set that you are going to battle with every day or the opportunities sort of transform Omnicom from a technology perspective?
John Wren: At this point what we’re doing in that regard is not trying to reform say a sapient that’s not our intention. Our intention is to make sure that we have embedded as employees within the company in the right areas, the skills of any one of the major consulting firms that we can deploy to the benefit of our clients and future clients. That’s really it. And people that are skilled in the transformation of businesses as things will come only more digital as we move forward and people that we are looking to acquire are established people with their own reputations in the marketplace.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly complementary as opposed to – we don’t think we have a skills gap at all. We are looking to supplement and complement the businesses and disciplines and services that we currently provide our clients.
Ben Swinburne: Is there a pipeline for more deals like this and does this – if you were to execute more of these kind of acquisitions, does it expand the kind of pitches that you guys are kind of business you can go after?
John Wren: Well. Yes, we do have a list, no I am not giving it to you over the phone. And it certainly is complimentary to other skills that we have within the company as we talk to our various clients, close to 5,000 and their challenges in transforming their businesses.
Phil Angelastro: We don’t see ourselves being excluded from currently or in the future key pitches at our largest clients and largest prospects because we don’t have the capabilities and we are looking to fill them. I don’t think we view it that way and are looking at the acquisition pipeline to kind of fill that gap.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. And then let me just one last one this has been a pretty active year – 2 years for you guys on the disposition front, you mentioned management or talent distraction, do you feel like you have had a broader impact from all of the reshuffling of that I think over the last 2 years we are looking at almost $1 billion of dispositions for the organization, has that something that you think you have been able to manage through more broadly or has that created uncertainty that may have weighed on performance outside of the stuff that you have actually disposed?
John Wren: I am pretty certain that it hasn’t disrupted in any way our mainline business that we are keeping. As I go through all the things we have disposed they weren’t part of our main skill sets that really are at the core of what Omnicom is and each one of them has been a standalone type of operation. So you are not impacting the managements at our subsidiary level.
Phil Angelastro: And certainly our senior most managers that run our networks and groups have been part of this process with us and part of determination of where we need to invest and where we need to move on.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: I think we have run out of time operator since the markets now open. So thank you all for joining the call and we will talk to you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - SVP, IR John Wren - President and CEO Phil Angelastro - CFO Jonathan Nelson - CEO, Omnicom Digital
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Julien Roch - Barclays David Joyce - Evercore Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call with us today is Jonathan Nelson, CEO of Omnicom Digital. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning’s press release along with the presentation, covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be the archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter. And then, we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. I’m pleased to speak to you this morning about our second quarter 2018 results. We had a good second quarter. Organic growth was 2%. Second quarter EBITA margin was 15.8%, flat versus the same period in 2017; and EPS for the quarter was up 14.2% to $1.60 per share. Looking at our second quarter organic growth across disciplines, we saw positive results in almost every area of our portfolio including Advertising and Media, CRM, Consumer Experience, Healthcare and PR. The one exception to this performance was CRM Execution & Support, which was down 4.4% in the quarter. The agencies in this discipline provide services in various specialized areas including field marketing, sales support and merchandising, point of sale, as well as other specialized marketing and custom communications. Certain businesses in our CRM Execution & Support disciplines have been part of our ongoing evaluation of our portfolio companies to ensure that they align with our long-term strategies. As part of this evaluation, we recently entered into a definitive agreement to sell Sellbytel Group to Webhelp Group, a global business process outsourcer. Sellbytel is a provider of outsourced sales, service and support with centers located primarily in Germany, Portugal, Spain, and Malaysia. Whilst Sellbytel has been a good profitable business, we determined it is not a core operation for Omnicom and will be better aligned with Webhelp Group. The Sellbytel transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2018. We are continuing to evaluate our portfolio of companies to optimize our service and service capabilities in line with our strategic plans. As part of this process, we are making internal investments in our agencies and in new capabilities and pursuing several acquisition opportunities, particularly in the areas of data analytics, digital transformation, and precision marketing. We also expect several of the dispositions to be completed in the third quarter in areas that are not consistent with our long-term strategies. Looking now at our organic growth by region, North American revenue was down 0.9% with the U.S. down about half a 0.5%. CRM, Consumer Experience, Healthcare, and PR all performed well with combined growth in North America of almost 12% in the quarter. This positive result was weighed down by negative performance in CRM, Execution and Support as well as by North American Advertising and Media, where we face declines from several Advertising and Media client losses that occurred in the prior periods and reductions in scope. In addition, certain clients continue to change the way they are purchasing media in the programmatic business, although this trend is slowing. We expect these headwinds to partially subside in the second half of 2018. The UK was down just over 2% in second quarter. Advertising and Media, and PR performed very well, while Healthcare was flat. Offsetting this growth were declines in CRM, particularly in Execution and Support services due to weak performance in our field marketing and research business. Overall growth in the euro and non-euro region was very strong at just over 11%, led by France, Italy and Spain as well as Russia and Czech Republic. Germany and Portugal had negative Europe. Asia Pacific second quarter organic growth was 8.5% as Australia, China, Korea and New Zealand had double digit growth and India also performed well. Latin America increased 2.5% for the quarter, Mexico led the way with mid single digit growth while digital continued to improve sequentially and moved to positive growth for the quarter. Our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa declined 8% for the quarter. Africa performed quite well while the Middle East declined relative to challenging comps last year. Looking at our cash flow in the first half of 2018, we generated over $815 million in free cash flow and returned $740 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our use of cash flow remains unchanged, paying our dividend, pursuing accretive acquisitions and repurchasing shares with the balance of our free cash flow. Lastly, our balance sheet and liquidity remained strong. Let me turn to how we are continually improving our organization and operations to address the changes that are affecting our industry. The key topic that is keeping many of the world’s top marketers up at night is how to manage disruption in their business whether it’s threats from new competitors or keeping pace with changing consumer behaviors. Our agencies are working with them to reinvent their marketing and communication strategies with an ever increasing focus on placing our clients’ customer at the center. For this reason, Omnicom for many years has been investing in data, analytics and precision marketing. While audience data and effective targeting is a key element for marketing and communications, equally important in our view is delivering inspiring, motivating and compelling, creative content. In fact, at the recent Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity, I was pleased to hear from our clients that data and technology should be in service to creativity and content. At Omnicom, it’s always been a priority to have effective content that is a blend of creativity and technology. It is this unique culture of creative solutions and ideas that our agency is excelling. And while data and technology thrive at scale, creativity thrives in triads. For that reason, we believe individual agencies driven by strong cultures will continue to exist as incubators of creativity supported by the latest data and technology tools. That is why Omnicom is staying true to our roots of recruiting and developing the best creative minds in our industry and respecting the individual cultures of our agencies. With this in mind, we continue to transform the way we are organized in a manner that allows our management, people and agencies to effect change by offering clients the most creative solutions with access to the latest tools in the marketplace. As you know, two years ago, we started the formation of individual practice areas together with our Global Client Leaders group to deliver to clients a single point of access to our network of thousands of industry specialists in specific marketing disciplines. With strong leadership in each of our practice areas, we can better collaborate and execute growth strategies across our key client metrics organization, strengthen our new business development efforts, share expertise and knowledge, create more career opportunities for our people and target our internal investments and acquisitions. We have now substantially completed our transition to this new way of operating. Practice areas are in place for precision marketing and CRM, Healthcare, PR, global advertising, national advertising, brand consultancy, experiential marketing, shopper marketing, media and specialty marketing. I’m pleased to report we continue to see terrific results from our practice areas. Omnicom Health Group for example recently launched the centralized powerful new database, called Insights 360. This data tool which is available to all of our clients through any of our health group agencies, combines information from over 15 healthcare data sources to establish a unique profile of nearly 2 million healthcare professionals in the United States. It enables our pharma and biotech clients to deliver personalized messages at scale to their key healthcare providers. We believe our healthcare offering is well ahead of our competition. On the business development front, Proximity, one of our agencies within our precision marketing group teamed up with BBDO to win Bear’s [ph] global companion animal business. The Global Client Leaders group played an integral role in orchestrating our agencies’ efforts on this win. The assignment which includes several brands will be led by an integrated team based in Dusseldorf with additional local support from a number of BBDO agencies across Europe and the U.S. The win reflects the expanded capabilities we can offer to our clients by aligning our GCLs and practice areas to create personal and scalable experiences for their consumers. We are also continuing to expand and strengthen our Global Client Leaders group with the focus on our top 100 clients. These leaders support our largest accounts fueled by programs that increase our ability to share intelligence and connect with partners. We recently expanded this team with new senior talent to increase coverage to our Healthcare clients and our multinational clients based in Europe. Our practice areas and Global Client Leaders all access our data, analytic and technology capabilities, many of them centrally developed by our Annalect unit, which are being used by our agencies to develop more effective communication strategies for our clients. Over the past decade, we’ve made substantial ongoing investments in Annalect, which now numbers more than a 1,000 professionals dedicated to developing superior analytical tools. In doing so, Annalect has become the foundation for developing transformative data base capabilities across the entire group. Recently, we unveiled the enterprise-wide capability called Omni, our first of a kind people based precision marketing and insights platform. The Omni name speaks to the depth and breadth of the platform across marketing communication functions and across our enterprise of agencies and practice areas. We expect it to be a central part of our group strategy in moving forward. Simply said, it is designed to identify and define personalized consumer experiences at scale in order to drive superior business outcomes for our clients. It transforms the way our teams work, collaborate and deliver value by providing a single view of the consumer in order to drive precision marketing at scale across creative, CRM, media and our other practice areas. Its functionality provides insight generation applications, audience building, planning at a strategic and tactical level, content inspiration, dynamic creative activation, optimized media inventory matching and reporting and an attribution all in one platform, supported by a single view of the consumer. At the core of Omni, our identity sources from leading providers like Experian, LiveRamp, and Newstar among other large data providers and the platform can also plug into Omnicom’s precision marketing group’s first party data. This data can be used to build an audience at the most granule level and to identify content and consumption patterns in a way that is unique to any category and brand. Importantly, Omni continues our strategy of neutrality with no ownership interest in data or tech partners, in a fast-moving space and one with evolving regulatory and compliance requirements, the platform provides us with the agility to tap into whatever data or assets that work for our clients at any given point and make changes as required. We’ve talked a lot about delivering the right message to the right person at the right time to achieve the right outcome. We’ve also talked about the highly personalized experience for the consumer. Omni gets us a leap closer to this promise on behalf of all of our clients across our entire enterprise accessible through a cloud-based open model. Turning now to new business, we are extremely pleased that Dunkin’ Donuts has chosen BBDO to be its creative agency partner, overseeing advertising strategies and creative development across a broad range of platforms including broadcast, digital display, outdoor, print, social media and more. PHD won the global media planning and buying business of HSBC. In commenting on the win, HSBC said they had selected PHD for its strong strategic skills and advanced digital transformation capabilities. We’re also proud that Pizza Hut recently selected Austin-based GSD&M as its creative agency of record following a review launched in March. Our success in developing new solutions for our clients is a result of our best-in-class talent. With this in mind, I’m very pleased to report, at this year’s Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity Omnicom agencies continued their record of being the most creatively awarded in the industry. We swept the agency of the year category with Adam & Eve DDB at number one, AMV BBDO at number two, and BBDO New York at number three. BBDO won network of the year; DDB was number three; and TBWA was number four. In total, 137 agencies from 34 countries won nearly 300 alliances across more than 25 communications disciplines. And as a result of the combination of our agencies’ work, Omnicom won Holding Company of the Year. I want to congratulate everybody that helped this win in a big way at the Cannes this year. Our investment in talent and technology and partnership are the differentiator for Omnicom and our agencies. They are critical to our success. We will continue to strategically invest in these areas as the marketing communication environment only gets more complex. Turning to our operational initiatives. We remain focused on delivering efficiencies across the group. We are constantly challenging our people to find ways to manage their costs agency-by-agency. On a regional and global basis, we’re making good progress on our real estate, information technology, back office accounting services and procurement initiatives. These initiatives, which are complex and take multiple years to execute are ongoing. However, we do expect to take additional actions to accelerate progress in some of these areas during the third quarter. In closing, we’re pleased with our financial performance in the second quarter and remain on track to achieve our full-year 2018 targets. And as we said last quarter, we’re cautiously optimistic that the second half of the year will be stronger than the first. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at our second quarter results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. As John said, our results for the second quarter of 2018 were in line with our expectations. Our agencies continue to meet our clients’ needs and manage their costs in an ever-changing and highly competitive marketing landscape. Starting on slide five. Our reported revenue for Q2 grew by 1.8% to a little under $3.9 billion. The components of that growth included organic revenue growth, which was 2% in the quarter or $77 million, bringing our six-month growth rate to 2.2%, which was closer to the lower end of our expectations for organic growth, 2% to 3% for the full year. In regard to FX, the net impact of changes in currency rates increased reported revenue for the quarter by $79 million or 2.1%. The impact of dispositions net of the acquisition activity over the past year was slightly negative in the second quarter as we completed cycling through the disposal of Novus this past April. Acquisition revenue also included the recent acquisition of EMC Group in Japan. The net impact reduced our second quarter revenue by $38 million or about 1%. We continually evaluate our portfolio of businesses to identify areas for investment and acquisition opportunities as well as to identify non-strategic or underperforming businesses for disposition. We are currently in the process of completing several potential dispositions, primarily in our CRM Execution & Support discipline, the largest of which is Sellbytel, a European-based sale support business. We are also in the process of pursuing certain acquisitions, primarily in our CRM Consumer Experience discipline. Although this disposition in acquisition activity has not yet been completed, we expect revenue from disposition activity to exceed revenue from acquisition activity for the remainder of 2018. Based on activity expected to be completed prior to September 30, 2018, the net reduction in revenue would be approximately 1% to 1.5% in the third quarter, 3% in the fourth quarter, and 2.5% for the full year. We’re also in the process of accelerating certain operating efficiency and cost reduction activities which we expect to complete during the third quarter. We expect the reduction to our earnings from the disposition activity we’re considering to be substantially offset by the savings achieved from these operating efficiency and cost reduction activities, as well as an incremental earnings from new acquisition activity. The timing of the currently contemplated dispositions, acquisitions, and operating efficiency and cost reduction activity is subject to change. And lastly, as we discussed in detail during our first quarter earnings call, we were required to adopt the FASB’s new revenue recognition standard, known as ASC 606 effective beginning of this year. The impact of applying the new revenue recognition standard reduced our reported revenue by approximately $49 million or 1.3% for the quarter. I will discuss in more detail the drivers of the changes in revenue a little later in my remarks. Turning back to slide one and the income statement items below revenue. Operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased to $582 million or 1.9% with operating margin of 15.1%, which was flat versus Q2 of last year. Our Q2 EBITA increased to $609 million or a 1.6%. And the resulting EBITA margin of 15.8% was also leveled with Q2 of last year. ASC 606 did have a minor impact on our operating profit due to a change in the timing of recognition of some of our incentive compensation from our clients. Had we followed the same revenue recognition rules as last year, our EBIT would have been higher in Q2 by about $7.5 million. But as we said in our Q1 call, because this change is principally timing related, we expect the net impact for the year to also be minor. In addition to the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, on January 1st we adopted ASU 2017-07, which reclassifies a proportion of our pension and post employment expense, primarily the interest related components from salary and service costs below operating income as part of interest expense. New accounting presentation requires us to restate the prior periods, so that they are comparable. The amount reclassed for both Q2 of ‘18 and Q2 of ‘17 was approximately $6 million. The reclassification of this expense does not have an impact on our pre-tax profit or net income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $52.5 million, up $1.2 million versus the second quarter of 2017, and up $5.6 million versus $46.9 million reported in the first quarter of 2018. As previously discussed, beginning of this year, we adopted ASU 2017-07, and as a result, a portion of our pension and post employment expense is now included in net interest expense. And the prior year has been restated to be consistent with the current year’s presentation. The impact of the reclassification in the second quarter of 2018 and 2017 is approximately $6 million. Gross interest expense in the second quarter was up about $3.6 million compared to last year’s Q2, primarily due to the impact of increased interest expense on our floating rate swap, while interest income in the quarter increased $2.4 million versus the prior year due to higher interest earned on cash held by our international treasury center. When compared with Q1 of this year, interest expense in the second quarter increased by approximately $4.1 million with increased interest expense on our floating-rate swaps as well as increased rates on our commercial paper borrowing, and interest income decreased by $1.5 million. Turning to taxes. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 25.8%. Primary driver of the lower effective rate is the lower U.S. tax rate, resulting from the enactment of the 2017 tax act which reduced the federal statutory tax rate to 21%. In addition, the decrease in the effective tax rate was favorably impacted by a reduction of $12 million in the expected incremental U.S. tax applied against Omnicom’s overall foreign earnings. As of now, we expected that the benefit from the tax act will reduce our effective tax rate by about 5% or to approximately 27.5% compared to our 32.4% rate in 2017, which excludes the net increase in tax expense recorded in 2017, the impact of the tax act and the reduction in tax expense resulting from the tax benefits realized in ‘17 from share-based compensation. We cannot predict the impact on our 2018 effective tax rate from share-based compensation because the subject changes in our share price and the impact of future stock option exercises. Earnings from our affiliates totaled $1.7 million for the quarter, up slightly versus Q2 of last year. And the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries $30.6 million, up $4.1 million when compared to Q2 of last year. As a result, net income for the second quarter increased 10.8% to $364.2 million. Now, turning to slide two. Income available for common shareholders for the quarter was $364.1 million. And our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 2.5% versus Q2 of last year 228.1 million. As a result, our diluted EPS for the quarter was a $1.60, up $0.20 or 14.3%. On slides three and four, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. I’ll just give you a few highlights. Organic revenue growth was 2.2% during the first six months of the year. FX increased revenue by 3.1%. The net impact from acquisitions and dispositions reduced revenue by 2.6% and the impact of the adoption of ASC 606 decreased revenue by 1.2%. So, for the year to date period, revenue totaled $7.5 billion, an increase of 1.5% compared to the first six months of 2017. EBIT increased to just over $1 billion and our year-to-date operating margin of 13.4% was flat versus the first six months 2017, and our six-month diluted EPS was $2.73 per share, which is up $0.31 or 12.8% versus 2017. Turning to slide five, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. As we discussed in detail during our Q1 call, after comprehensive review of the impact standard would have on our business including detailed reviews of our client compensation agreements, we determined that the new standard would not have a material impact on our revenue or operating results. While not material, the new standard did change the timing of the recognition of certain performance incentive provisions included in our client agreements. Previously, performance incentives were recognized as revenue when our performance against qualitative goals was acknowledged by the client or when specific quantitative goals were achieved. This often occurred on a lag, resulting in recognition of these incentives late in the year or early in the subsequent year. The new standard requires these items to be estimated and included in the total consideration in the year that services are performed and to be evaluated throughout the contract period. Additionally, the new standard resulted in a reduction of revenue and operating expense in Q2 of ‘18, approximately $40 million in one of our CRM Consumer Experience agencies. Because we adopted the new standard by the modified retrospective method of adoption, prior year results are not comparable. Accordingly, on slide 20, we present revenue for the quarter and year-to-date periods of 2018 without the impact of ASC 606. We estimate the impact of applying the new revenue recognition standard reduced our reported revenue in the second quarter of 2018 by $49 million and $91 million for the first six months of the year or 1.3% and 1.2% for both periods respectively. The impact on EBIT and our results from operations as well as the balance sheet and cash flow were not material. For the full year, we continue to estimate a reduction in revenue of approximately $150 million. And as we mentioned earlier, had we followed the same revenue recognition rules as last year, our EBIT for Q2 would have been $7.5 million higher. However, because the impact on EBIT is principally timing related, we expect the net impact for the full year to be minor. Turning to FX. While we saw the dollar strengthen against more currencies over the past three months, overall the U.S. dollar was weaker year-over-year against the basket of foreign currencies we operate in. The impact of changes in currency rates increased reported revenue by 2.1% or $79 million in revenue for the quarter. The largest FX movements from the quarter were from our euro and UK markets. Additionally, dollar weakened against the Czech koruna, Chinese renminbi, and the Canadian dollar. Partially offsetting those movements, dollar strengthened against the Brazilian reais, Russian ruble and the Turkish lira. Looking forward, if currencies stay where they currently are, we anticipate that the FX impact on our reported revenue will turn negative during the remainder of the year, creating a headwind to our revenues of approximately 1% during the third quarter and the fourth quarter. For the full year, we’re currently estimating the FX impact will remain positive by approximately 1%. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $38 million in the quarter or 1%. Early in the second quarter, we cycled through the disposal of Novus, a print media business which we sold in the second quarter of 2017. Part of our continuing evaluation of our portfolio of businesses, we recently announced the disposition of Sellbytel, our European sale support business. That transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2018. In addition to the Sellbytel disposition, we’re currently considering other smaller dispositions in the third quarter as well as pursuing certain acquisition opportunities. As a result and as previously discussed, we expect the net reduction to our revenue of approximately 1% to 1.5% in the third quarter, 3% in the fourth quarter and 2.5% for the full year of 2018. And finally, while mixed by geography and by discipline, our organic growth was positive on a global basis for the quarter, up $77 million or 2% for the second quarter. Geographically, our European and Asian regions continue to lead the way. While the U.S. was slightly negative by about 0.5%, sluggish performance by our Canadian agencies negatively impacted our North American performance in the quarter. From our disciplines, we saw strong results in our CRM Consumer Experience and healthcare businesses while our CRM Execution & Support businesses faced difficult comps to Q2 of 2017, lagged in the quarter. Slide six shows our mix of business by discipline. The second quarter, the split was 54% for advertising and 46% marketing services. As for their organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was up 1.6%. Advertising’s organic growth continues to be led by our media businesses, while our global and national advertising agencies continued to experience mix performance. CRM Consumer Experience was up 7.1% for the quarter on a continuing strength of our events businesses in the U.S. and in Europe. Direct digital marketing and shopper marketing were also positive while branding lagged. CRM Execution & Support facing a difficult comparison to Q2 of 2017 from organic growth with 6.2% was negative for the quarter, sluggish performance from our research and specialty production agencies partially offset by solid growth in our not for profit consulting agencies. PR was up 2.7%. Solid performances by our agencies in the U.S. and the UK led the way this quarter. Elsewhere, Continental Europe was also positive, while both Asia and Latin America were down again this quarter. And Healthcare was up 4.8%, continuing the improvement we’ve seen since the beginning of the year. While this quarter’s growth was driven by strong performances domestically and in Asia, we also saw positive growth across all regions. On slide seven, which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter, the split was 54% for North America, 9% for the UK, 20% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 3% for Latin America, and the remainder in the Middle East and Africa markets. Turning to the details of our performance by region. Organic revenue growth in North America was down 0.9% due to marginally negative performance from our U.S. businesses and weakness from our Canadian agencies. So, we saw strong positive performances from our CRM Consumer Experience, PR and Healthcare agencies. The advertising and CRM Execution & Support disciplines in the region continued their softness. The UK was down 2.2% organically that was facing a difficult comp to Q2 of 2017 when organic growth in the market was over 9%. While advertising, media and PR all were up for the quarter, decreases in our field marketing, research and events businesses offset those performances. The rest of Europe was up 11% organically in the quarter. In the region, France, Italy and Spain all had strong performances and we also so solid performances in Netherlands and Ireland while Germany continued to lag. Organic growth in Europe outside the Eurozone continued to be positive as well. The Asia Pacific region was up 8.5% and we continue to see organic growth across our major markets in the region, including Australia, Greater China, India, New Zealand and South Korea, with Japan the only meaningful market underperforming this quarter. Latin America had organic growth of 2.5% in the second quarter. Brazil continued its modest improvement, returning to positive organic growth for the first time since Q1 of 2017. However, the ongoing political turmoil presents a significant hurdle in that market. Elsewhere in the region, we saw solid growth in Mexico and Colombia. And Middle East and Africa, our smallest region, was down. As was the case last quarter, the decrease was driven by a reduction in media activity by our clients in the region and non-recurring projects within the events businesses in the region. Turning to our cash flow performance. On slide 10 you can see that in the first half of the year, we generated almost $860 million of free cash flow including changes in working capital, an increase over the first six months of 2017. As for our primary uses of cash on slide 11, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $278 million; dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders, $57 million. Capital expenditures totaled $90 million, primarily reflecting increased spending as we reconfigure our real estate footprint to be more efficient. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments totaled just under $300 million. And stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plan totaled $463 million and were in line with our repurchase activity during the first half of last year. All-in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $324 million year-to-date. Turning to slide 12, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter. Our total debt is just a shade under $4.9 billion. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.97 billion, up $1.8 billion compared to yearend December 31, 2017. The increase in net debt was a result of typical uses of working capital that historically occur in the first half of the year. The use of our cash in excess of free cash flow of approximately $324 million and decreasing our cash balance related to the effective exchange rates, which reduced cash at June 30, 2018 by $114 million. Compared to June 30, 2017, our net debt is down a little over $100 million. Decrease was primarily the result of generating $75 million in free cash flow and by the changes in operating capital which positively impacted our cash by approximately $45 million over the past 12 months. This was partially offset by the effective exchange rates on cash over the past year, which reduced our cash balance by about $15 million. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.1 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.2 times. And due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased 10.3 times, but remains quite strong. Turning to slide 13. We continue to manage and build the Company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 20.2%, while our return on equity was 50.1%. Both ratios, particularly return on equity impacted year-over-year due to the additional tax charge we took in Q4 in connection with the passage of the tax act. But, we expect that impact to be more than offset by the positive impact the lower tax rate will have on our results as we move forward. And finally, on slide 14, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 plus years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2008 through June 30, 2018, which totals $10.6 billion. And the bars show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period was $11.3 billion, resulting in a cumulative payout ratio well in excess of 100% over the last decade. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we’ve included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we’re going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first is going to come from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you very much. I guess, first off, how much will the divestitures of the CRM execution businesses allow for some improvement in organic growth in the U.S.? I think, Sellbytel is mostly a European business. Maybe you can clarify that. But it sounds like there is other big businesses you hope to divest to sort of alleviate some of the pressure on U.S. organic growth. So, I guess any color on that. And then, I have a follow-up.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think, Alexia, Sellbytel is an international business, not really U.S. presence. But some of the disposals that we’re contemplating certainly have a U.S. presence. And if we look at the actual performances on the second quarter and the first quarter of this year, if the disposals that we’re contemplating had been completed at that time, we would have better growth in North America. We don’t have an exact number. It probably wouldn’t have been that significant. But, we’re looking at and contemplating these disposals just like Sellbytel not just because of current performance but because of our expectations in the future as far as whether we’re going to invest or where we’re going to invest and what we think strategically these businesses mean for our longer term clients. So, it’s both or it’s primarily strategic reevaluation, but it’s also current performance in many of these cases as well.
John Wren: The other thing I might add to that Alexia is that on some of the acquisitions we hope to close, they tend -- for the most part they are domestic in nature and they have growth rates which will contribute to our overall performance in North America.
Alexia Quadrani: And then, when you look at your guidance for the back half of the year, hoping for some acceleration organic growth, I know that sort of -- I believe that’s a global number, not specific to U.S., but I think, it does mostly imply some improvement in the U.S. I’m wondering what the puts and takes are. Is there better new business tailwind in the back half of the year? I guess, any other color you can give us why the U.S. organic might begin to improve aside from the contributions of acquisitions or the benefit of divestitures?
John Wren: I know that new business for the quarter was probably was higher than -- or has been recently at $1.5 billion, I haven’t done the work, maybe Phil knows, to look to see what part of the world that comes from.
Phil Angelastro: We don’t analyze it that way. So, we expect it to be kind of distributed consistent with our global operations, but we haven’t broken it down by region.
John Wren: If some of the things like -- some of the pressure that we’ve had in programmatic area has been primarily in the United States where we are going from bundled to unbundled, that pressure abates a bit as we get into the second half based upon all the information that we have currently. So, there are a couple of -- there are quite a number of puts and takes in being cautiously optimistic about the second half. But, we tend to look at the whole enterprise, not just a particular region.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. And anything specific on U.S. advertising that you might not have highlighted that was particularly soft in the quarter. The advertising itself, business?
Phil Angelastro: I think, it’s a combination of things. I think we certainly have some agencies in the U.S. that have done well and did well in the quarter. We’ve got some others that have lost some clients recently and others that perhaps is timing in terms of clients scaling back in the current quarter and moving their spending to future periods, although we’re not certain and definitive that those numbers are for sure going to be significantly better in the second half. I think we’re cautiously optimistic. But at this point, we don’t anticipate changing our expectations for the year.
Operator: And we also have a question from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. I have a few questions. Let me start off over Europe if I could. I’m curious to hear your updated thoughts on this GDPR or regulatory change over there in terms of clients or change in their behavior in terms of how much digital advertise replacing in Europe. In particular, I was curious to hear if any major changes going on with spend through Facebook and Google on behalf of your clients. Has that changed much in say the last two months with this regulatory change?
John Wren: I’m going to turn it to Jonathan Nelson.
Jonathan Nelson: Hi, Craig. Thanks for the question. We have not seen a huge change in terms of GDPR and how it’s affected our business. Of course, we’re complying with all the regulatory issues. But, we expect our Google and Facebook spend to continue and our systems are built to work fully with GDPR compliance situation.
Craig Huber: Okay. Then also, while we’re still talking about Europe, it had very strong growth there for a while and for continent and stuff. Is much of that being fueled by net new wins over there or just some more meat on the bones if you would?
Phil Angelastro: I think it’s a combination of things. I think we’ve got some strong agencies in many of those markets that have been performing really well, ultimately. Some of that’s due to wins, some of that’s due to projects, some of that’s due to good management. But, I think there are still going to be ebbs and flows as we saw in the UK this quarter. The UK has had some strong performance for quite a long time now, and they were up against some difficult comps, but I think overall it’s a number of factors.
John Wren: There’s probably a higher concentration, larger revenues in our CRM execution side of the business in the United States, to some extent in Northern Europe, and those are the ones we’re taking a critical look at in terms of what they’re going to contribute to our business strategically going forward. And correspondingly, we’re looking to make acquisitions in CRM precision side of the business because we think that will benefit us as we move forward in helping our clients.
Craig Huber: And then, also, maybe just talk about, not individual clients but sectors of clients and how they performed in the quarter? Curious in particular to hear about CPG companies and food and beverage guys collectively on an organic basis, and what your sort of outlook is collectively for that group? Do you see any material maybe optimism there at all, is it still quite a ways out?
John Wren: Well, fortunate for us that it’s not a very large portion of our revenue base but they’ve certainly been under an incredible amount of pressure in terms of what’s happening to their business in terms of new competitors, both directly on the product side but also in the distribution side. So, it’s -- I don’t see any -- any immediate turnaround in that area. I see just continuing pressure for the foreseeable future and specifically in that sector.
Phil Angelastro: And there hasn’t been -- overall, there hasn’t been that much movement in terms of our revenue by industry group. So, certainly some clients and some of our businesses have done better than others, depending on mix of their clients. But it’s pretty broad, diverse portfolio. And we haven’t seen dramatic swings one way or the other in the types of industries that our clients are in that are driving our growth.
Craig Huber: So, would you include auto in that comment as well?
Phil Angelastro: I would. I think, there’s currently a few opportunities that we’re pursuing in auto. So, I think we look at that vertical as certainly an opportunity for us in the future.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Julien Roch with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning. My first question is, could we have the impact of Accuen on organic in Q2?
Phil Angelastro: Sure, worldwide Accuen was down about $7 million in revenue, $5 million of that was in the U.S.
Julien Roch: Okay. The second question is on the assets you’re selling. I assume that the impact on 2019 will be about 3% in Q1 and Q2, and 1.5 in Q3. Can you confirm that?
Phil Angelastro: I think that’s probably not too far off. I think we’re at a point right now where we typically don’t comment unless we close transactions whether they’d be acquisitions or dispositions and project what those numbers are going to be. But, I think that’s assuming we do the acquisitions and dispositions that we currently planned, although there is no guarantees. That’s probably the reasonable estimate.
Julien Roch: Okay. And then, following up on your answer to Alexia. You said that if you had already sold those assets, organic would have been higher. But, is it possible to know are you talking about couple of tens of basis points higher, are you talking about 1% higher? I mean, some idea of the impact on group organic. And I guess also, all those businesses with higher or lower margin than the group average?
Phil Angelastro: So, on the growth point, I think if you look at the current quarter, the number probably would be less than 50 basis points was the impact. And then, with respect to margins, dispositions, couple of points, I guess. Dispositions, we’re considering and Sellbytel being the largest, which we expect to close by the end of August. Margins overall are probably consistent with Omnicom’s overall average margin. Although, it’s a little bit too early, because we’re not certain exactly when and which deals we’re going to close as well as what the impacts for certain of acquisitions is going to be. However, I think as you look to Q4 and beyond, given we’ll have a lower revenue base and we expect to be neutral from an earnings perspective, given the operating efficiency and cost reduction efforts that we’re planning. I think, the math works that there will be some margin improvement due to the disposals and due to the fact that we have a lower amount of revenue. We typically focus and continue to focus on EBITA; it’s not a margin percentage. And we’ll continue to do that. But in terms of a range, we don’t really have one yet, but it’s -- there will be some benefit we would expect. How significant it’s going is to be to be determined.
Julien Roch: Okay. And final question on the disposals. So, two years ago, you sold about 5% of Omnicom; this year you’re selling 3%, so that’s about 8% already. Once you’ve redone completely your review program, what percentage do you think of the Company you would have sold? Are we talking 10%, 15%, to have a sense of what will happen in the next couple of years?
Phil Angelastro: I think, it’s hard to predict. I think, if you look at ‘17, the net disposition number was about 4%; ‘18, our current expectations, our estimate is 2.5%. We’re going to continue to pursue the same strategy. And to the extent there are opportunities that make sense for us, do acquisitions that are accretive, we’re going to do that; to the extent there are disposition opportunities that we think strategically are the right thing to do for the business going forward, we’re going to take advantage of those opportunities. We don’t really have a bogey in mind just like for acquisitions, we don’t have an acquisition bogie and then have people chase deals to meet the target and they’re not the right deals from a disposition perspective, our approach isn’t very different. So, I can’t tell you right now exactly how it’s going to play out. We are going to continue to revaluate portfolio and the reality of that is, given the nature and the speed of the change that’s been occurring in the industry, it’s been an ongoing process that will continue to be an ongoing process. Whether it results in more executed dispositions or not, it’s to be determined.
Julien Roch: And last one, your working capital was $300 million worse in the first half. Do you expect the deterioration for the full year, or will blocking and tackling means no change to working capital for the full year?
Phil Angelastro: I think, the number was, I think 300 to a little high, there was a one-time acceleration of U.S. bonus payments that we made in Q1 that we otherwise would have made in Q2. I’d say Q2 was relatively flat in terms of our performance after adjusting for that. So, we’re still down through six months. Our goal is certainly to make up for that in the second half. But, I think we’re also making -- we’re also trying to make sure from a day-to-day perspective that we don’t lose any more ground. But, I’m not sure sitting here today whether we’re going to make up the number from the first half or from the first quarter or not fully by the end of the year. But that’s certainly our goal.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of David Joyce with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Joyce: Thank you. If you could just help to frame for us related to your Omni suite and announcement there. Where are you on the predictive data analytics and in terms of that competitive offering vis-à-vis the more technology oriented competitors that have a predictive capability?
John Wren: Jonathan?
Jonathan Nelson: Thanks for the question, David. In regards to Omni, essentially what it is, is we’re using customer data to profile customers and to predict what kind of information they want to see from a creative and messaging point of view, and then connecting that to where they are in the media landscape. We’re using multiple artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms to do both of those things. And we believe that it is a state-of-the-art for the buy side. And we are working with many of our sell side partners, Amazon, Google to incorporate some of their algorithmic technology as well as adding our own. So, all-in, it’s an open platform that incorporates some of the best technologies available in the marketplace.
John Wren: And operator, given the market is just opened, I think we have time for one more call.
Operator: And then, our final question will come from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have obviously one quick for Phil and one for Jonathan. Phil, could you size -- I think you’re trying the size the impact of those cost actions. And when is the first quarter that will see the benefit of those class reductions?
Phil Angelastro: I think, from a timing perspective, we expect to complete the bulk of the actions by the end of the third quarter. So, we certainly hope to see and expect to see the ongoing benefit starting in Q4 at some point. We may not be done right at the end of Q3, but certainly we’ll see it in Q4 and then on into 2019. And in terms of the dollar amount, I think I don’t have the exact dollar amount to give you other than from a target perspective, based on the dispositions we actually get done. And the overall profile from an Omnicom perspective of our margins, you can probably do the math and assume that the goal is to keep our EBIT dollars consistent to the extent that we can take advantage of the actions that we’re pursuing right now.
Michael Nathanson: Got it. And then, quick one for Jonathan. I guess, the big news over the past month was IPA2 [ph] exit from Axiom. [Ph] I wondered did you guys look at acquiring that asset. And how do you see this in general, the strategy of building your own data versus maybe renting it? So, can you just talk us through philosophically how do you see, deals like Axiom and what’s your strategy been relative to that?
Jonathan Nelson: Yes. We did look at it. We have fallen on the side of renting the data versus buying the company that compiles the data. We see data as commodity. In fact when you look at the Omni platform, we announced deals with LiveRamp, with Newstar and with Experian, all of which have similar first party style data,. We just believe that this enhances our position of neutrality and removes any perceived conflict we might have with our direct clients.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thank you.
John Wren: Thank you. Thank you all for joining the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Wren - President and CEO Philip Angelastro - EVP and CFO Shub Mukherjee - Head of IR
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners John Janedis - Jefferies  Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we have posted to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our Web site. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter and then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I’m pleased to speak to you this morning about our first quarter 2018 results. It’s been about 60 days since our last earnings call and I’m pleased to report a lot has happened in that time, including some big wins for Omnicom. Before I get into the results, I should note that on January 1, 2018, we adopted a new accounting standard ASC 606. The impact of the required changes were not significant to our results. Phil will cover this change in more detail during his remarks. Financially, the year has started off in the range we expected with organic growth in the first quarter of 2.4%. First quarter EBITA margin was 12.4% was flat versus the prior year period and EPS for the quarter was up 11.8% to $1.14 per share. These results serve as a continued commitment to the consistency and diversity of our operations, our strong competitive position across advertising and marketing disciplines in key geographic markets, our market leading digital data and analytical expertise and our ability to provide customer-centric solutions for our clients. Looking now at our first quarter organic growth across geographies and disciplines, overall, North America revenue was flat. Growth in the U.S. was offset by weak performance in Canada due to primarily the loss of the significant client in that market and due to the shift of some client work from Toronto to New York. To a lesser extent, North America was also impacted by the revenue decline in Puerto Rico. CRM in North America was up middle single digits across both CRM consumer experience and CRM execution and support services. Healthcare was positive in the low single digits and PR was flat in the quarter. These increases were offset by declines in North America advertising and media for the quarter. Several of our U.S. ad agencies experienced client losses early in 2017, and we are still cycling through. In addition, while PHD and Hearts & Science continued their strong performance in both the U.S. and globally, OMD continues to cycle through client losses in 2017 and Annalect continues to see the transition of some clients from our performance-based bundled solution to a more traditional agency pass-through offering. Globally, all of our disciplines had positive growth in Q1 including advertising and media as the international markets performed well across all major regions. After experiencing a decline in Q4, the UK bounced back nicely and was up 3.1% in the first quarter. Advertising and media, PR and healthcare all performed well in the UK. This growth was offset by declines in CRM execution and support services due to weaknesses in field marketing and research. Overall, growth in Euro and non-Euro regions were very strong at 9.7%. Euro markets were up middle single digits driven by France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Italy and Spain. Germany was the only significant exception to positive growth. Non-Euro markets overall were up double digits led by Russia, the Czech Republic and Sweden. Asia Pacific first quarter organic growth was also solid at 7.3% as Australia, China, India, Japan, New Zealand and Singapore performed well in the quarter. Latin America increased 3.1% for the quarter as Colombia and Mexico offset the continued negative performance in Brazil. We did see significant sequential improvement in Brazil as compared to Q4. However, it’s too early to tell if this trend will continue for the remainder of 2018. Our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa, had very weak performance for the quarter with a decline of 8.5%. Most of the decline was the result of reductions in media spend in our operations in the UAE. In the first quarter of 2018, we generated $375 million in free cash flow and returned 368 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Looking forward, our practice of use of free cash flow, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases remains unchanged as does our commitment to having a strong balance sheet and maintaining our investment grade rating. Before I cover some of the changes occurring in our industry and business, I’d like to address a few corporate governance changes we recently made and which were disclosed in our proxy. In 2015, we undertook a Board refreshment initiative that led to a number of meaningful steps including expanding the responsibilities of our lead Independent Director, adopting a mandatory retirement age for Board members, and bringing greater diversity into the Board and committee leadership. Most recently, we welcomed Ronnie Hawkins, our newest Independent Director. He is currently Managing Director and Head of International Investments at EIG Global Energy Group. Throughout his career, Ronnie has had broad experiences spanning positions at GE, Citigroup, and Credit Suisse. We are delighted he has agreed to join our Board. Following our May shareholder meeting, Bruce Crawford will step down as Chairman. Bruce has been a remarkable leader within Omnicom starting his long career at BBDO in 1977 taking over as President and CEO of Omnicom in 1989 and then transitioning to the role of Chairman in 1997. I would like to extend my deep gratitude to Bruce for his wisdom, guidance and numerous contributions to the Board of Directors and to me personally over the past two decades. In addition, long-serving Board members Jack Purcell and Reg Murphy will also be stepping down from the Board in May. We would like to recognize both Jack and Reg and extend our thanks for their outstanding leadership and dedication and loyalty to Omnicom over the years. Following these changes and the anticipated approval of our shareholders at our annual shareholders’ meeting on May 22nd, Omnicom’s Board will have 10 independent members including six women and four African-Americans. In addition, female directors chair both the audit and compensation committees, and the majority of our audit, compensation, and governance committees are comprised of female directors. These changes strengthen Omnicom’s governance structure and demonstrate our commitment to on-boarding exceptional candidates who bring a wealth of experience and diverse points of view. Let me now discuss what we’ve been seeing in the industry and how our strategy has enabled us to achieve consistent financial results. In terms of market trends, we continue to see market as rapidly adjusting their businesses, keep pace with technological disruption, new competitors and evolving consumer behaviors. Today our clients more than ever before need a valued partner to help solve business problems and grow through the lens of marketing. As market has tackled these challenges, they are transforming their companies with ever increasing focus on placing their customers at the center of their strategies to drive growth. In this environment of the empowered consumer, the root of all transformation is about helping clients build individual relationships with their customers and exceeding customer expectations through compelling experiences. This means that communications need to be designed around how individuals seek out products and information and experiences need to be tailored in a highly personalized targeted way that can be executed at scale. For this reason, Omnicom has been increasing our internal investments on data, analytics and precision marketing. Today, our clients expect us to have engaging creative supported by precision media buying fueled by data and technology. Quite frankly being able to deliver the right message to the right person in the right context on the right platform is becoming table stakes in our industry. Unlike consulting firms or even our peers, Omnicom’s intellectual property or IP is our ability to bring deep consumer insights to our clients in lockstep with bringing creative ideas. As the world of media gets more fragmented, the premium on big creative ideas has never been greater. We believe it is not enough to target individuals with more preciseness induced at the right time and the right place, to us it is equally important to have effective creative content in those messages. This is why Omnicom has always stayed true to its roots of developing the best creative minds in our industry. While some of our competitors are pursuing data and analytical solutions to compete with consultants and tech firms, we are taking data and analytics and marrying it to expanse of capabilities we have in our creative, PR, shopper, CRM, healthcare and experiential agencies to deliver one-to-one consumer marketing at scale. These investments are paying dividends for us and we are continuing to expand our capabilities to meet the changes in the marketplace. The focus of our investments is simple; to help our clients achieve their strategies to transform their businesses to be more consumer-centric and deliver faster growth. In the past few weeks we have further invested in several key new hires with experience in transformation and ecommerce and you’ll be hearing more from us on these investments and strategies over the coming weeks and months. We are investing in people because clients want access to top talent no matter what agency they sit in or where they are located. We have simplified our organizational structure and service offering to ensure that our client teams consist of the very best talent in a nimble and flexible fashion. With strong leadership from each of our practice areas, we can better collaborate and execute growth strategies across our key client matrix organization, strengthen our new business development efforts, share experience and knowledge, target our internal investments and create more career opportunities for our people. We started the formation of specialized groups in 2016 offering our clients a single point of access to our network of thousands of industry specialists in specific marketing disciplines. We now have practice areas in precision marketing and CRM, healthcare, PR, national brand advertising agencies and our global advertising agency networks. Data and analytics and media platforms like Annalect are being used to inform creative insights across almost all of our businesses. Recently, we announced the Specialty Marketing Group practice area under the leadership of Stacey Hightower. This new practice area combines our portfolio of industry leading companies in field marketing, sales support, merchandizing and point of sale, and consulting for not-for-profit organizations as well as other custom communication services. The new group addresses both the growing demand for highly specialized marketing services and the need to integrate those services seamlessly into clients marketing efforts across disciplines and around the world. And we’re happy to have Stacey who has led many of these initiatives for Omnicom at the helm. I’m pleased to report we’re seeing clear benefits from these established practice areas. As an example, in the first quarter, Omnicom Health Group agencies Entrée Health and Adelphi collaborated on a new offering around health economics and outcomes research. This is a rising area of investment for clients whose patient outcomes become more closely tied to our products and services are reimbursed. In looking at other practice areas, the precision marketing group continues to aggressively evolve its precision platform and is closely integrating with both Annalect and Omnicom media group services and systems. This is a unique integrated model at the heart of the new contract awarded by the BBC in the UK. We are also in the process of following two other practice areas for brand consulting as well as experiential and events. And we will be enhancing our capabilities of our shopper marketing services by establishing a joint technology investment strategy that can provide best-in-class data and analytic platforms and solutions focused on how to better connect shoppers to brands. Turning now to new business, Amgen selected Hearts & Science as its new consumer media agency after competitive review. It’s important to note that two Omnicom Health Group agencies played an integral role in the win. Our agency BioPharm Communications worked closely with SSCG which retained media duties for Amgen brands marketed to healthcare professionals throughout the pitch. This is an example of growing our business with an existing client by collaborating across the group. In terms of other recent wins, we are exceptionally pleased that BMW choose Goodby Silverstein & Partners as its lead creative agency in the U.S. following a competitive review. In announcing the win, BMW recognized Goodby’s outstanding creative and their ability to reach millions of consumers with the feeling of speaking only to you. This is a sentiment that reinforces the importance of one-to-one consumer marketing at scale. Long-time client Johnson & Johnson recently asked our agencies to provide integrated solutions that will help them grow their market share. We formed a dedicated agency called Velocity OMC which consists of talent from BBDO, DDB, Roberts & Langer, CDM and our public relations group. We are very proud of this winning team and happy to be supporting numerous consumer brands for J&J across multiple and highly coordinated disciplines. In addition to these wins we continue to expand our global footprint and service offerings. On the acquisition front, Omnicom Health Group reached an agreement to acquire the Pharma Communications business in Japan of Elsevier. The newly named agency will be called EMC. With EMC, Omnicom Health Group expands its unmatched capabilities and depth and breadth of dedicated healthcare communication services in Japan which is the second largest pharmaceutical market in the world. In Germany, Omnicom media group acquired Brain Group, a digitally-focused agency for media planning, marketing and transformation consulting and content creation. On the topic of winning, let me just mention a few of the recent highlights of our agencies being recognized around the globe. Margaret Johnson, Chief Creative Officer and Partner of Goodby Silverstein was named Ad Age Executive of the Year. Last year, Wendy Clark of DDB won. So it’s nice to have two senior women from Omnicom win this honor back-to-back. BBDO topped the Gunn Report as the world’s most creative agency network for the 12th year in a row. Omnicom was ranked the top holding company. In the WARC 100 rankings, BBDO was named the most effective and strategic agency network in the world for the fifth consecutive year. TBWA was named Dubai’s Lynx Network of the Year. Our investment in talent, technology and partnerships are making the difference for Omnicom and our agencies. They are critical to our success. We will continue to strategically invest in these areas as the marketing environment increases in complexity. In closing, we’re pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter. While it’s early in the year, we’re on track and we are cautiously optimistic that the back half of the year will be stronger than the first half. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at first quarter results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. As John said, our results for the first quarter of 2018 were in line with our expectations. Our agencies continue to meet our clients’ needs while operating in an ever changing marketing landscape. As summarized on Slide 3, our reported revenue for Q1 grew by 1.2% to $3.6 billion. The components of that growth included organic revenue growth which was 2.4% in the quarter which fell within the range of our expectations for organic growth of 2% to 3% for the full year. With regard to FX, due to the general weakening of the U.S. dollar over the past year, the impact of changes in currency rates increased reported revenue by $151 million or 4.2%. Dispositions continued to exceed revenue from acquisitions in the quarter as we come close to cycling through the disposal of Novus, our print media business which we sold early in the second quarter of 2017. Acquisition revenue partially offset the disposition impact, including revenue from recent additions of Snow Companies in the U.S. and Brain Group in Germany. The net impact reduced our first quarter revenue by $153 million or about 4.2%. And lastly, as you are aware, we’re required to adopt FASB new revenue recognition standard known as ASC 606 effective at the beginning of this year. The impact of applying the revenue recognition standard reduced our reported revenue by approximately $42.5 million or 1.2% for the quarter. Later in my remarks I will discuss in more detail the drivers of the changes in revenue, including the expected impact of the new accounting standard going forward. Turning to Slide 1 on the income statement items below revenue, operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased to 422 million or 1.4% with operating margin of 11.6% unchanged versus Q1 of last year. Our Q1 EBITDA increased to 449 million or about 1% and the resulting EBITDA margin of 12.4% also was level with Q1 of last year. There are a few items to note regarding margins. ASC 606 did have a minor impact on our operating profit due to a change in the timing of recognition of some of our incentive compensation from our clients. Had we followed the same revenue recognition rules as last year, our EBIT would have been approximately $6.5 million higher in Q1. However, because this change is principally timing related, we expect the net impact for the year to also be minor and less than the Q1 impact overall. In addition to the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, on January 1st, we adopted ASU 2017-07 which requires that we reclassify a portion of our pension and post-employment expense primarily the interest-related components from salary and service costs to the lower operating income as part of interest expense. A new accounting presentation requires us to restate the prior periods so they are comparable. The amount re-classed for both Q1 of 2018 and Q1 of 2017 was approximately $6 million. The new standard does not have an impact on pre-tax profit or net income. We’ll continue to pursue our ongoing companywide internal initiatives to increase efficiencies, particularly in our back office operations while balancing the need for continued investments in our businesses to pursue sustained growth in the future. Additionally, given the vast majority of our expenses were denominated in the same local currencies as our revenues, the impact of changes in FX rates on our Q1 operating margin was negligible. Net interest expense for the quarter was 46.9 million, down 3.1 million versus the 50 million for the fourth quarter of 2017 and up 1.5 million versus Q1 of 2017. As previously discussed, in 2018 we adopted ASU 2017-07 and as a result a portion of our pension and post-employment expense has been included in net interest expense and the prior year has been restated to be consistent with the current year’s presentation. Run rate for these expenses in 2017 and 2018 was approximately $6 million per quarter. Gross interest expense in the first quarter was up about $0.5 million compared to the fourth quarter and interest income was up about $3.5 million also when compared to Q4. Gross interest expense increased by approximately $3 million compared to Q1 of 2017 primarily due to a reduction in the benefits from our interest rate swaps. And interest income increased by approximately 1.5 million. Turning to taxes, our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 24.3% down from 29.2% last year. The primary driver of the lower effective rate was the lower U.S. tax rate as a result of the 2017 Tax Act which reduced the federal statutory tax rate to 21%. Tax Act also imposes a minimum tax on foreign earnings, partially offsetting the benefit to our effective tax rate from the lowest statutory rate. For the full year 2018, we’re anticipating an effective tax rate of 28.1% excluding any potential tax benefit from our share-based compensation which is difficult to estimate because it is subject to changes in our stock price and the impact of any future stock option exercises. This would be a reduction of over 4% versus our normalized rate of approximately 32.4% in 2017 which excludes the incremental tax charge that was incurred in Q4 of 2017 in connection with the Tax Act and also excludes the impact of the tax benefits realized in 2017 related to share-based compensation. Q1 rate is lower than our anticipated rate of 28.1% by approximately $13 million primarily as a result of the successful resolution of foreign tax claims in the quarter. Earnings from our affiliates totaled $800,000 for the quarter, up versus $100,000 last year and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries was flat with last year at $20.6 million. As a result, net income for the first quarter increased 9.2% to $264 million. Now turning to Slide 2. Income available for common shareholders for the quarter was 264 million and our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 2.1% versus Q1 of last year to 231.5 million. As a result, our diluted EPS for the first quarter was $1.14, up $0.12 a share or 11.8%. Turning back to Slide 3 which details our revenue performance, let me start the discussion by reviewing the impact of ASC 606, the new revenue recognition standard. In summary, after a detailed review the impact of standard would have on our businesses including detailed reviews of our client compensation agreements, we determined that as we expected the new standard does not have a material impact on our revenue or operating results. Consistent with the disclosure in our 2017 annual report, the new standard does not materially impact method or the timing of when we will recognize revenue under majority of our client arrangements, including our fixed fee retainer based or commission based client arrangements. New standard impacted the timing of the recognition of certain performance incentive provisions that are included in our client agreements. The achievement of certain qualitative or quantitative objectives can result in incremental compensation or revenue for the services we deliver. Previously, performance incentives were recognized as revenue when our performance against qualitative goals was acknowledged by the client or when specific quantitative goals were achieved. This often occurred on a lag resulting in recognition of these incentives late in the year or early in the subsequent year. The new standard requires these items to be estimated and included in the total consideration in the year the services are performed and to be evaluated throughout the contract period. Additionally, a new standard resulted in a reduction of revenue and operating expense in Q1 of '18 of approximately $30 million in one of our CRM consumer experience agencies. Because the impact of 606 was not material to our results, we adopted a new standard by the modified retrospective method of adoption. Under this method, 2017 results were not restated. Accordingly, for comparability purposes, on Slide 17 we present revenue for Q1 2018 as if we followed the previous standard, ASC 605, and we applied our previous revenue recognition policy. As I mentioned, we estimate the impact of applying the new revenue recognition standard, reduced our reported revenue in the first quarter of 2018 by approximately 42.5 million or 1.2% and the impact on EBIT and our results from operations as well as the balance sheet and cash flow were not material. This reduction in revenue is roughly in line with the anticipated impact we expect to see for the remainder of the quarters in 2018 or a reduction in revenue of approximately 150 million for the full year. And as previously discussed, had we followed the same revenue recognition rules as last year, our EBIT in Q1 2018 would have been approximately $6.5 million higher. However, because the impact on EBIT is principally timing related, we expect the net impact for the year to be minor. As we go forward, the impact on our quarterly reported numbers will ultimately be based on the specific mix of business in that particular quarter. Turning to FX. During the first quarter, the U.S. dollar continued to weaken year-over-year against almost all of the foreign currencies we operate in. As a result, the impact of changes in currency rates increased reported revenue by 4.2% or $151 million in revenue for the quarter. A major driver of our FX movement continues to be the euro which accounted for nearly half of the increase in revenue due to changes in FX during the quarter. Additionally, the dollar weakened against the UK pound, the Australian dollar, the Chinese renminbi and the Canadian dollar. Also in the first quarter, the dollar strengthened against the Brazilian real only slightly offsetting the increase in revenue due to FX. Obviously making an assumption on how foreign currency rates will move over the next few months let alone the balance of 2018 is speculative. But looking forward if currencies stay where they currently are, FX could have a positive impact on our revenues of approximately 3% during the second quarter and approximately 2.5% for the full year. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $153 million in the quarter or 4.2%. Dispositions continued to exceed revenue from acquisitions in the quarter as we come close to cycling through the disposal of Novus, our print media business which we sold early in the second quarter of 2017. So while there will be a modest effect in the second quarter, Q1 represents the last quarter that our revenue will be significantly impacted by that divestiture. Based on transactions we’ve completed to date and since we will cycle through the Novus disposition early in Q2, our current expectations are that the impact of our acquisition activity net of dispositions will reduce revenue by about 1% in the second quarter of 2018 and then range between flat and positive 1% for the remainder of 2018. As we’ve done in the past, we will continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that enhance our service offerings and make internal investments in our agencies that are consistent with our strategic plan. And we will also continue to evaluate our current portfolio of businesses in the context of our strategic priority. And finally, organic growth was positive on a global basis for the quarter, up $87 million or 2.4% for the first quarter. Each of our five disciplines were up organically for the quarter in total. The performance within disciplines remains mixed by agency. Geographically, our European and Asian regions led the way. UK returned to positive organic growth and the U.S. was marginally positive. However, weakness in Canada resulted in North America being slightly negative for the quarter. Slide 4 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the first quarter, the split was 52% for advertising and 48% for marketing and services. As for their organic growth by discipline, our advertising discipline was up 1.6%. Advertising organic growth continued to be led by our media businesses with the strong performance by Hearts & Science and PHD offsetting challenges still faced by OMD, while our global and national advertising agencies saw mixed results this quarter. CRM consumer experience was up 6.9% for the quarter, primarily on the strength of our events business domestically and in Asia. A portion of the increased activity in events can be attributed to the Winter Olympics in February. Results for the rest of the discipline was mixed. Shopper marketing was up while direct digital marketing and branding were marginally negative. CRM execution and support was up 1.2% in the quarter. Our field marketing, not-for-profit and merchandizing and point of sale businesses were all positive for the quarter, which were offset by declines in research and specialty production. PR was up seven-tenths of a point. Performance in the discipline was mixed by geographic region. The UK led the way while North America and Continental Europe were both essentially flat with Asia and Latin America both slightly down in the quarter. And healthcare was up 2.7%, a nice recovery after a negative performance in the fourth quarter. Performance was balanced with positive growth across all regions. As a reminder, in Q4 2017, we revised the detail we provided regarding our marketing services agencies to reflect the realignment of our disciplines to better capture the expanded scope of our services. As a result of this realignment, our CRM discipline has been disaggregated into two separate categories. CRM consumer experience which includes direct and digital marketing agencies and Omnicom precision marketing group as well as our consulting and branding agencies, shopper marketing agencies and our experiential marketing agencies and CRM execution and support which includes our field marketing, sales support, merchandizing and point of sale as well as other specialized marketing and custom communication agencies. We also realigned and renamed our specialty communications discipline so that it now exclusively includes agencies offering healthcare marketing and communication services. On Slide 24, we have provided the 2017 quarterly historical data that reflects the realignment of the discipline. On Slide 5 which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter the split was 55% for North America, 10% for the UK, 20% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 3% for Latin America and the remainder in Middle East and Africa markets. Turning to the details of our performance by region, organic revenue growth in North America was down marginally at one-tenth of a percent. Marginally positive performance from our U.S. business was offset by a decrease in Canada. While in the region, we saw positive performance from our events businesses as well as PR and healthcare agencies. The advertising and media agencies in the region continued their softness. The UK was up 3% after a down fourth quarter. Results of this quarter were solid across most of our disciplines with advertising, media, healthcare and PR more than offsetting decreases in our field marketing and research businesses. The rest of Europe was up 9.7% organically in the quarter. Within the Eurozone we had growth in all of our disciplines. By country, Spain once again led the way but we also saw strong performance in the Netherlands and France. Additionally, Belgium and Italy performed well while Germany lagged behind. Growth in Europe outside the Eurozone continued to be positive as well. The Asia Pacific region was up 7.3% and we continue to see organic growth across our major markets in the region, including Australia, India, Japan, New Zealand and Singapore as well as Greater China. Latin America had organic growth of 3% in the first quarter. Brazil was negative but at a lower level than we saw in the past few quarters. While there are some preliminary positive signs regarding the local economy, the ongoing political climate in Brazil makes it difficult to be confident that they are entering a sustained period of stability. Elsewhere in the region, Colombia had a strong quarter while our agencies in Mexico continued to perform well. In the Middle East and Africa, which is our smallest region, was down due to decreased media activity by our clients in the region and nonrecurring projects, primarily in the UAE. Turning to Slide 6. We present our mix of business by industry sector. Comparing the first quarter revenue for 2018 to 2017, the mix is fairly steady. Now turning to our cash flow performance. On Slide 7, you can see that in the first quarter we generated $375 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital, which represents an increase of about $20 million over the first three months of 2017. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 8, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $139 million, reflective of the 5% per share increase in the quarterly dividend that was approved last October which was partially offset by the reduction in our outstanding common shares due to repurchase activity over the past year. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $16 million while capital expenditures were 36 million. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, totaled just under $200 million and stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled 229 million and was similar to what we repurchased during the first three months of the last year. All-in, we have spent our free cash flow by about 245 million in the first quarter. Turning to Slide 9. Regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt is $4.9 billion. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.3 billion, up nearly 1.2 billion compared to year-end December 31, 2017. The increase in net debt was a result of the typical uses of working capital that historically occur on our first quarter and the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of approximately $245 million. These increases in net debt were partially offset by the effect of exchange rates on cash during Q1 but increased our cash balance by about $30 million. Compared to this time last year, our net debt is down $133 million. The decrease is primarily the result of generating approximately $80 million in net free cash flow over the past 12 months and the effect of exchange rates on cash that increased our cash balance by about 190 million. These reductions are partially offset by the changes in operating capital which negatively impacted our cash by approximately 100 million over the past 12 months. Our working capital was also negatively impacted this quarter as a result of the acceleration of the payment of certain bonuses in the U.S. to take advantage of the change in tax rates. Comparable bonus payments were made in Q2 of last year, so this was a timing item between Q1 and Q2. The net effect of these items was a reduction in working capital of approximately 275 million compared to Q1 of 2017. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.1x and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1x. And due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased to 10.4x but remains quite strong. Turning to Slide 10. We continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well focused internal development initiatives and prudently price acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio 21.3% while our return on equities 46.7%. Both are down year-over-year due to the additional tax charge we took in Q4 in connection with the passage of the Tax Act. That impact should be more than offset by the positive impact the lower tax rate will have on our results going forward. And finally on Slide 11, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 plus years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2018 to March 31st of 2018 which totaled 10.3 billion. And the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders including both dividend and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period 10.9 billion resulting in a cumulative payout ratio 106% over the last decade. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we’ve included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we’re going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is going to come from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much. And thanks for the color on growth by region. But I was hoping if you can kind of take a step back and sort of maybe more broadly generalize. You’ve seen kind of underperformance or relative to underperformance in the U.S. now for quite some time and this outperformance globally, internationally. I guess if you were to say there were a few reasons or a reason that really is sort of responsible for that disconnect in growth I guess how would you generalize that? And then I just have a follow-up question really on account losses. It sounds like you’re still seeing some headwinds from OMD impact in 2018 from losses there. I guess any more color when we can circle those, we might see more favorable comparisons? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. This is John. Alexia, good morning.
Alexia Quadrani: Good morning.
John Wren: When you take a look at our geography, $8.5 billion, $8.8 billion of our revenue is generated in the United States, and so it is a big number. And before you start any kind of division or a subtraction or addition, where some of our largest accounts not the biggest accounts we have but $10 million, $20 million accounts is where we suffered losses as we suggested in our comments in the beginning part of the last year. So that’s one of the reasons. So that constrains our overall growth and it has for three quarters of last year and will probably for the first and possibly the second quarter of this year before we cycle fully through those losses and offset it by gains. Now there is a lot of activity going on in the marketplace and we’ve won quite a number of pieces of that business and a significant portion of them are based in the United States, but we won’t start to – because of the 60, 90-day clauses that our competitors had in those contracts, we won’t see the addition of that revenue until later on in the year. So that’s the primary reason for it. It’s not that we’re underperforming. We’re not. We know full well what and why we’re performing at the level we are and where we’ve had to make management changes because we weren’t getting the kind of level of activity that we wanted, we’ve made those changes. It takes a while for those people to make a contribution. So there’s a lot of activity underlying the numbers but you have to look at the sheer size of the United States to our portfolio in order to fully sort of understand why you’re not getting a similar growth in smaller markets, you know $10 million or $20 million account win and add from a percentage point of view a much larger percentage.
Alexia Quadrani: That’s very helpful. And then if I could just ask a follow up on the account movement that you sort of highlighted. When you look at sort of where you are in the industry today, maybe versus 10, 15, 20 years ago, do you find that the client conflict issues are less of a constraint and there does seem to be a lot of accounts in review right now, and like you’ve highlighted you’ve won a fair share of them. Are you more -- is there more flexibility to kind of pitch or win business because client conflict is less of an issue or is that not necessarily the case?
John Wren: If I had to make a generalization, I’d say client conflict is less of an issue, far less of an issue. Quite a number of our clients are prospective clients and RFPs that come in really wanting Omnicom solutions. They’re no longer simply looking for a particular brand or particular aspect of our business. And that allows us to create different types of business models and ring-fence them in such a way that conflicts are not what they once were when we were smaller.
Alexia Quadrani: All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Hi. Thank you. Every quarter, you generally give us the net new billing wins or losses. You generally target about $1 billion each quarter. What was it for the first quarter please?
Philip Angelastro: It was probably in the neighborhood of 1 billion to 1.25 billion.
Craig Huber: Okay. Thank you for that. Can you give us a little more detail on your expectations when you think the OMD agency may start to see some better numbers? Are you hopeful for the second half of the year or we should be thinking more like 2019?
John Wren: Well, assuming everything stays at a steady state and we fully expect it to, in terms of wins, losses, opportunities, we should start to see improvement in the latter part of the year and certainly 2019. We made a complete change of top management both globally and in the United States about two quarters ago, and as I said it takes some time and it takes opportunities that are provided by clients -- then we have to win them. But we should have cycled through whatever losses we had and then I’m expecting positive growth. The other thing which becomes a smaller problem each particular quarter is the –this isn’t just OMD, this is in the media group is programmatic in the way we do it. A lot of our clients over the course of the last five quarters have shifted – especially in the United States have shifted from a bundled way of purchasing to an unbundled methodology of purchasing. It doesn’t necessarily change our profitability or the number of accounts or the number of people that we serve. As a matter of fact, we’re growing in that area. What it does do is it has an impact on the reported revenue. So that also has an impact which if somebody’s just focused on top line, it’s “Oh my God.” If somebody’s focused on the substance and the profitability of the business, it’s actually a growing area.
Craig Huber: And then John my other big picture question here is when you’re talking about 2% to 3% organic growth for this year, historically the economic environment like this you and your peers might be growing solid mid single digits in line with global nominal GDP if not 100 basis points faster. In your mind – I don’t want to take a lot of your time but can you just give us like four or five bullets of the reasons in your mind of why your growth and your peers in the worst slower growth I’m saying – four or five bullets of reasons of why you think your growth is not middle single digits right now versus historically – normally would be in this sort of economic environment?
John Wren: Well, one of the reasons for our guidance is there’s – you won’t see it as much in numbers simply we reported but I suspect you’re going to start to see some weird aberrations as a competitor’s report. There was a significant change in accounting and couldn’t affect our numbers very much. But based on some of the signals that our competitors have laid out I do believe that you’re going to see a great deal of confusion out there for the next couple of quarters. You won’t see that confusion in Omnicom but you’ll see it in other places. Clients are under different amounts of pressure. You see it in what they report. The world is changing and changing rapidly and what we’re doing is we’re trying to grow our base, we’re trying to make investments and often times those are internal investments. We set up as we always have for consistent growth going forward. That means there’s a change in the way that we service clients and everybody in the world is trying in a 2% growth, 3% growth world is focusing on efficiency among first and foremost. And so things that were done in the past which were nice to have are no longer done. Things are being done differently because of changes in technology and the impact that that has. There is no one big single item that’s occurring. But we’re rebuilding the airplane that’s flying it 560 miles an hour at 39,000 feet as we speak. I think we’ve done a pretty successful job at it and will continue to do that. But there’s an awful lot of changes to the component parts of how we’re servicing our clients.
Philip Angelastro: And our agencies are certainly focused on our clients’ customer and the consumer primarily and there’s an awful lot of change that’s been occurring especially rather rapidly in terms of consumer behavior. And our clients work with us on a daily basis on trying to come up with new ways and strategies for how to reach that consumer in this rapidly changing technological environment and rapidly changing media landscape. So there’s an awful lot more opportunity for our clients to change their approach to how to reach the consumer in the most efficient and effective way and I think some of that change certainly offers opportunities but it also causes clients to think a little bit about where they’re going to invest and how much they’re going to invest in addition to some of the cost pressures they’re facing.
John Wren: One thing I might add to that – I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to cut your question – is the last several years your ability to gather information and create platforms which will allow you to more closely target whoever your consumer is, that has moved very, very rapidly. It’s no longer simply just targeting people of being able to reach them, the devices that they use. Now you have to reach that consumer, engage them in something – a type of creative that is of interest to them and you have to be able to do that at scale. I think as I said in my prepared remarks, the IP that Omnicom has because being able to do those targeting exercises and everything else really becomes table stakes as we go into the future. But to be able to have a creative engagement that you can do at scale to individuals is what is going to make the difference as the next level of communications.
Craig Huber: My last quick question is if you just thought of your top 25 clients let’s say the last five quarters, is the revenue growth on average with the top 25 clients in line with your corporate average better or worst please? Thank you.
John Wren: I do have those stacked some place. But on average and I haven’t looked at it – I didn’t look at it in particular this quarter. But I’d say that if you looked at just the top 25, we’ve been expanding those relationships and on average that growth exceeds the overall growth of the report as a company.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of John Janedis from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Hi. Thanks. John, maybe two follow ups of sorts. First, you talked about the leadership and investment in talent. Are there any examples of traction you’re seeing at the precision marketing group now they’re about six or seven months into that leadership change? And then separately, can you give a little bit more color around your comment around the shape of organic this year, meaning the better second half potentially? Are clients suggesting a pickup in spend? Is the benefit from leadership changes or account wins and losses or a combination or things? Thanks.
John Wren: We’ve been rebuilding the team at our precision marketing group and we’ve hired quite a number of very talented people. We’re integrating the platforms that we’re utilizing to deliver our products into the Annalect platforms and expanding that. And quite a bit of work has already been accomplished but I’d have to say we still have a little bit more to do before we’ll be fully satisfied with what we have. I have rather extensive meetings backend of next week to get a complete up-to-date status on exactly where we are but I’m very comfortable with the progress we have made. Like everything else, I wish we were done. We’re not but we’re very, very close. And then it’s just a process of selling that into the marketplace. So that’s an area of expected growth not maybe for the next quarter but certainly as I look out into the backend of the year and in 2019. But there’s a lot of upside there for us that we haven’t yet taken advantage of. And I took so long to answer that question; I forgot the other part of your question.
John Janedis: Just a little more color maybe on the shape of organic this year, meaning the back half improvement, is it client suggesting a pickup in spend, is it leadership change, account wins, losses or a combination?
John Wren: I think it’s a combination to be perfectly honest with you. My confidence comes from specifics that have happened within Omnicom, wins that I know we have coming onboard and what’s happening to our individual business. So that’s where my confidence is coming from. I also expect that consumers probably see increasingly get comfortable with the additional cash that they have in their pockets which they probably didn’t see in January and February but started to see after a couple of months of the new tax bill. So I think it’s a combination of events, but my comments were more specifically focused on what’s occurred within the various accounting – the various groups within Omnicom.
Philip Angelastro: I think just to be clear though, John, we at this point are not changing our view for the year in terms of 2% to 3% as an expectation but we’re certainly optimistic.
John Janedis: Thank you.
John Wren: Cautiously optimistic is a phase I’ve been using for the last several years and I’ll stick with that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler: Thanks very much. A couple for Phil on 606. I realize this is a pretty small amount of money in the big picture but wondering if you could give us a bit of detail. We understand under 505 this would have been classified as organic growth. Can you give us a sense of is this North America primarily this 42 million? Would it have fallen there? And then by discipline roughly where would that have been? And then any sort of forward look on whether you think that impact is going to grow, maintain or moderate going forward? Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: So the majority of the change certainly happened in North America and will roll out for the remainder of the year in North America. The piece of the change that relates to our incentive compensation provisions and our client arrangements, that’s pretty much spread globally and it’s spread consistently throughout the disciplines, more or less. So there’s not a concentration in one place or another. And as far as disciplines, it’s in the CRM consumer experience discipline is where the large part of the change occurred and can be expected to kind of continue to roll out throughout the rest of the year.
Peter Stabler: And in terms of scale, do you expect significantly different scale?
Philip Angelastro: No. In terms of numbers, two things. As far as the change in the revenue number, the numbers by quarter we expect them to be relatively consistent plus or minus a few million here or there. And in total, about 150 million for the year is our estimate. And then as far as the impact on EBIT, ultimately we expect that to just be a timing difference. So by the time you finish the year, you’re only talking about a difference of a couple million bucks probably.
Peter Stabler: Thanks very much.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Now that the market’s open, I think we have time for one last call, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks for squeezing me in. John, I wanted to ask you about the situation over at WPP, there’s been a lot of speculation that assets may come to market for sale. I know that’s probably – it’s probably very early days there on what they may do next. But just interested in what you think the impact either for your businesses from an account review competition perspective or if they’re assets in research or other analytics that you might be interested in? And then if I could ask Phil to – you mentioned events and I think Olympics specifically is helping the CRM segment which was your leading segment this quarter. I don’t know if you’re willing to quantify sort of the benefit to organic growth from either events or Olympics that you mentioned in your prepared remarks? Thanks.
John Wren: In terms of what’s occurring with our competitor, I don’t know a great deal more than any of you because most of my intelligence is coming from the newspaper reports and the rest of it. In many ways I have a great deal of respect for Martin. I’ve competed against him the last 25 years and very honorably. I know that he was in the process of evaluating his own portfolio. I don’t know what conclusion the new leadership will reach. In terms of Kantor and the other names that are being bantered about, that’s not a key focus for our acquisition. So I would imagine if that’s what they decide to sell – any one of the number of other buyers including probably private equity. So I can’t – I’m not much help when it comes to answering that question directly for you. I’m sorry.
Benjamin Swinburne: That’s okay. Thanks.
Philip Angelastro: And in terms of the events business, I don’t have an Olympics number separately but probably the majority or more than half anyway of the growth in CRM consumer experience is from our events businesses and a variety of things, certainly not Olympics.
Benjamin Swinburne: Phil, can I just ask – I know we’re running out of time but I think you mentioned 606 had an expense impact in the quarter otherwise maybe you would have had a higher OI. I think that’s how you explained it. That would have been higher. But you also talked about moving I think a similar amount of money in pension expense out of OpEx below the line. So is it sort of a push, is that the conclusion from those comments?
Philip Angelastro: No, those are two separate things. So the pension adjustment we’re required to restate the prior year to show the presentation consistently. So it’s about $6 million in '18 and $6 million in '17 that got re-classed out of our operating expenses below operating income. So that had really no impact other than if you’re calculating a margin percentage on operating income, it went up a little bit each year. So year-on-year no change. And then as far as 606, had we applied the prior year’s revenue recognition accounting 605 we would have recorded about 6 million, 6.5 million more of EBIT just because of the timing of the incentives that we booked consistently over the years. That change requires us to book those incentives differently and that’s the timing difference. That ultimately will lead to maybe a 1 million or 2 million of difference for the full year. It resulted in less EBIT in the first quarter, about 6 million the new way.
Benjamin Swinburne: Got it. Thanks for the clarification.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. Okay. Thank you everybody for joining the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Head of Investor Relations John Wren - President and CEO Philip Angelastro - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets Tim Nolan - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we have posted on our Web site, www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning's press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our Web site. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You will find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro will provide our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open-up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I’m pleased to speak to you this morning about our fourth quarter and full-year 2017 results. 2017 was an eventful year for the marketing and advertising industry. Many of the world's largest marketers and best known brands continue to undergo major changes driven by advances in technology, new disruptive competitors and changing consumer behavior. The breath and rate of change has CEOs and CMOs focused on the ability of their marketing organizations to keep pace and that is presenting opportunities and challenges for our agencies. During my remarks, I will discuss how we are continuing to develop and execute on our strategies, including changes in our organizational structure, an additional service capabilities to provide our clients with communication solutions that address their overall business challenges. Before I do that, I will review our fourth quarter and 2017 results. I do want to point out that while the 2017 Tax Act resulted in a charge in the fourth quarter, Phil will cover this in his remarks. Moving forward, into 2018, lower U.S tax rates will have a direct positive impact on Omnicom and many of our clients. I’m pleased to report we achieved our internal organic growth and margin targets for the full-year of 2017. Organic growth for the year was 3% at the low-end of our target. For the fourth quarter, organic growth was below our expectations at 1.6%. As I mentioned on our third quarter call, there's quite a bit of project work that occurs in the fourth quarter that impacts revenue. Client spending on these projects is typically concentrated in the U.S and is based on the individual client circumstances and general economic conditions. In the fourth quarter 2017, our agencies only saw a partial benefit from this year-end project spend, which has historically been in the range of $200 million to $250 million. Looking towards 2018, the effects of the 2017 Tax Act and the stimulus from the recent budget deal should have a positive impact on consumer spending in the United States. We're optimistic we will see some of those benefits in the second half of 2018. Outside the U.S., the global economy appears to be in the best shape since the great recession. Our fourth quarter organic growth of 1.6% varied across geographies and disciplines. North America organic revenue was down slightly less than 1%. Advertising and media was up 1.2% for the quarter, weighted down by lackluster performance in North America. In the U.S., several of our ad agencies and in particular our independent brands experienced client losses earlier in 2017 that are still cycling through and will continue to do so in the first part of 2018. In 2017, we continue to move of our programmatic businesses upstream, so it is better aligned with our clients media strategies. As a result, Accuen is now an integrated offering within Omnicom's media agencies OMD, PHD and Hearts & Science. This realignment has changed the way we do business with many clients adopting a traditional approach, which has had a negative impact on our revenue growth in the U.S. The shift has not any significant impact on profitability from these activities and we expect this trend to continue into 2018. To better capture the expanded scope of our services, we've broken our CRM into two categories, consumer experience and execution and support. Each CRM category grew 3.4% in the quarter. CRM consumer experience includes direct marketing, events, entertainment and sports, consulting and branding, and shopper marketing. Events, entertainment and sports performed well in the quarter. Our branding business in the U.S., which had been a drag on growth earlier in 2017 began to stabilize. CRM execution and support includes our field marketing, merchandising and point-of-sale, not-for-profit research, sales support and custom communication services. Our PR business was slightly positive in the quarter weighted down by results in the U.S where we have recently taken steps to turn around the performance of our operations. Also in the fourth quarter of 2016, we benefited from the U.S election-year spend that did not reoccur in 2017. For 2018, we expect political spending will increase for the midterm elections. Our healthcare business, which is largely based in North America, was down 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Looking at our markets outside North America, a very solid fourth-quarter growth of 4.9%. The U.K was down 0.007% in the quarter. Our PR business in the U.K performed very strongly and media also had solid results, offsetting this performance were declines in brand advertising and field marketing. Our Euro and non-Euro region was very strong at 8.2%. Germany and France were in the low single digits and the Netherlands, Spain, and Russia had double-digit growth. In the Asia-Pacific, fourth quarter organic growth was 6%. Australia and Singapore were in solid double digits, while Japan was slightly negative for the quarter. Latin America was down 0.003% in the quarter. Positive results in Mexico and Colombia were more than offset by continuing negative performance in Brazil. EBITDA margin for the quarter was up 60 basis points over the last year to 15.5%. For the year, our margins increased 40 basis points to 14.2%. Before the impact of the 2017 Tax Act, net income for the quarter was $360 million and EPS increased 5.4% to $1.55 per share compared to the same period in 2016. For the full-year 2017, we generated over $1.6 billion in free cash flow and returned almost $1.1 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In October, we increased our quarterly dividend by 9% to $0.60 per share. Looking forward including benefit of lower U.S taxes, we expect our 2018 effective tax rate to decline by 350 to 450 basis points. Phil will provide more color on the impact of the U.S tax law changes on our 2018 effective tax rate during his remarks. Finally, our practice for the use of free cash flow remains unchanged. Dividends, acquisitions, and share repurchases, as does our commitment to a strong balance sheet and maintaining our investment-grade rating. These result serve as a testament to the consistency and diversity of our operation, our strong competitive position across advertising and marketing disciplines and geographic markets, and our ability to adapt our services and expand our capabilities to serve changing client needs in areas such as digital media, data and analytics. Let me now turn to our client wins, strategic initiatives, and operational achievements for 2017, as well as our plans for 2018. While the first nine months of 2017 saw less new business activity than the same period in 2016. The fourth quarter was a very busy end to the year. We continue to grow our business with our major long-term clients as well as with new business. Let me just mention a few of our wins across the globe. HP's personal systems group chose to consolidate its global creative media and analytics with Omnicom. Consistent with HP's platform we formed an integrated agency that houses talent from nine Omnicom agencies located in San Francisco with data and analytics as its core it is a client tailored approach that matches HP's position as a premium brand that is constantly innovating for its customers. In addition through We Are Unlimited, Omnicom's agencies continued to expand our relationship with McDonald's. In the U.S., Zimmerman became a certified local dealer agency and hit the ground running by being selected by several co-ops and RAPP has been appointed as the lead CRM agency in the U.S. The combination of TBWA and Hearts & Science captured QuickBooks assignment from Intuit in November. In December, State Farm consolidated most of their business with Omnicom. This includes the existing advertising, media, promotional and experiential businesses along with new assignments for direct marketing, multicultural and music. The consolidated leadership of this business will be based at DDB Chicago. Also in December, Omnicom's Health Group was chosen as the partner for a major pharmaceutical company with an extensive oncology portfolio. I want to emphasize that most of these wins are direct result of the organizational changes and strategic investments we’ve made over the past couple of years at Omnicom. As you know we’ve simplified our service offerings through our matrix organizational approach with our global client leader group and the establishment of practice areas. We've also made and expect to continue to make further investments in people and in our digital data and analytical capabilities. Simply put, our clients understand the advantages of an agency model that puts the consumer at the center and is agile across disciplines. Based on the success under the leadership of Peter Sherman, we continue to expand the number of clients in the global client leaders group with a focus on our top hundred clients. In line with this expansion, we've recently hired a Chief Talent Officer, Torrey La Grange, who will support and build on the talent within the global leaders group. We also continue to establish practice areas. They’re now in place for CRM experiential, healthcare, national brand advertising and PR. Planning is underway for a few more areas and that process should be completed by midyear. Our practice area and key client matrix structure is creating benefits through better sharing of expertise and knowledge, creating more career opportunities for our people, strengthening our new business development efforts, and leveraging our internal investments and identifying acquisition opportunities. As an example of sharing of expertise and knowledge, Omnicom Health Group in partnership with Hearts & Science has created a data driven media offering that integrates market access data to help clients better invest their media dollars by reaching patients with more relevant messages. We started Omnicom Precision Marketing group for exactly what its name implies, to help clients get the right message to the right person at the right time on the right platform and in the right context. Building on that goal, we recently combined best practices and tools across all of our data, intelligent and activation disciplines. The demands of clients, consumers and new technologies are pushing agencies to work faster and the way we organize ourselves is helping us to be more agile and responsive so that we can adjust quickly as our clients' needs change. As always, we continue to make selective investments, partnerships and acquisitions that expand our capabilities and geographic presence. On the acquisition front, Omnicom Health Group recently acquired Snow Companies, based in Virginia, the agency specializes in direct to patient communications and research for major pharmaceutical and biotech companies around the world. Turning to our operational initiatives. We remain focused on delivering efficiencies across the group. We are constantly challenging our people to find ways to manage their costs agency by agency. On a regional and global basis, we're making good progress on our real estate, information technology, back office, accounting services and procurement initiatives. These initiatives which are complex and take multiple years to execute will continue in 2018. Our strategic goals for 2018 remain consistent. We will continue to hire and develop the best talents in the industry. We will be relentless in pursuing organic growth in servicing and expanding our offering to our existing clients and winning new business. We will continue to pursue high-growth areas in opportunities through internal investments and acquisitions, and we will remain vigilant on driving efficiencies throughout our organization, increasing EBITDA and shareholder value. On the talent front, our commitment to hiring and developing the best people is unwavering. At Omnicom and our agencies, we strive to make our organization a place where people can build their careers. We also place considerable effort on succession planning, advancement and diversity. A good example is the recent appointment of Wendy Clark as the new CEO of DDB Worldwide. Wendy joined DDB in 2016 and is passionate about our business and clients. Under her leadership the agency has grown by expanding existing relationships with State Farm, Mars, and McDonald's, and by winning new business. Chuck Brymer will remain with DDB as Chairman and will be assuming additional responsibilities when we announce the expansion of our practice areas later in the year. On January 1, Barri Rafferty became CEO of Ketchum, making her the first woman CEO to lead a top five global PR agency. Throughout her tenure at Ketchum, Barri has areas held a number of strategic roles across the business. Most recently she was global President and CEO of North America. As I stated before, our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce starts at the top. 2018 will see the completion of our Board refreshment program and we expect that following our May shareholders meeting, our Board will have a 11 members, including six women and four African-Americans. Omniwomen continues to grow organically around the globe, leading up to International Women's Day on March 7. We plan to launch at least three new chapters in San Francisco, Chicago, and New York. OPEN Pride, our employee resource group dedicated to Omnicom's LGBTQ community launched global chapters in Hong Kong, London, Manila, New York City, Mumbai, and Shanghai. It is the depth and diversity of our talent that allows us to continue to win more than our fair share of industry awards. There a few of the highlights from the fourth quarter. BBDO topped the Gunn Report as the most creative network for the 12th year in a row. Omnicom ranked the number one holding company. For the fourth consecutive year, Campaign Magazine named Adam & Eve DDB as agency of the year. At the festival of media in North America awards, Omnicom Media Group was media group of the year, PHD was named Agency Network of the Year, Touche! PHD Canada was awarded Agency of the Year. At the Campaign Asia-Pacific agency of the year awards, TBWA and BBDO won creative and digital agency of the year in Hong Kong, Korea, Philippines, New Zealand, Singapore, Thailand, and China. I want to recognize and thank the people at our agencies for their world-class integrated campaigns, outstanding new business wins, and the great work that enabled us to deliver these results. In closing, we're pleased that our financial performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people and agencies. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at fourth quarter and the full-year results.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. As John said, 2017 proved to be challenging for our industry. Organic growth was 1.6% for the fourth quarter, below our expectations. While for the full-year, organic growth was 3% at the bottom of our range of expectations for the year. As for FX, due to the weakening of the U.S dollar during the second half of the year, the impact of changes in currency rates increased our fourth quarter reported revenue by $102 million or 2.4%. We also continue to see the impact of the dispositions over the past year of several of our businesses that did not fit our long-term strategies. These included the disposition in the second quarter of 2017 of Novus, our specialty print media business as well as some other agencies within our field marketing and events disciplines. These dispositions net of our recent acquisitions reduced our fourth quarter revenue by $235 million or 5.5%. I will go into further detail regarding our revenue growth later in my remarks. Turning to the income statement items below revenue, operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 3.0% to $620 million. With operating margin improving to 14.8% or 60 basis point improvement versus Q4 of last year. Our Q4 EBITDA increased 2.5% to $647 million and the resulting EBITDA margin of 15.5% also represented a 60 basis point increase over Q4 of last year. The improvement in both our operating income and in our margins continues to primarily be driven on our ongoing companywide internal initiatives to increase efficiencies, particularly in our back office operations. Net interest expense for the quarter was $43.6 million, down $2.8 million versus the third quarter of 2017 and up $3.4 million versus Q4 of 2016. Gross interest expense in the fourth quarter was down approximately $3.6 million compared to the third quarter, driven by a reduction in our commercial paper activity during the fourth quarter, partially offset by slight decrease in the benefit from our fixed to floating interest rate swaps. The short-term interest rates continue to rise. We'll continue to see a decrease in the benefit to interest expense from these swaps. Interest income was also down slightly in the fourth quarter when compared to Q3. Compared to Q4 of last year, increasing gross interest expense of $3.1 million is primarily due to the increase in the interest rates on our commercial paper facility, as well as the reduced benefit from our interest rate swaps due to the increase in short-term interest rates versus a year-ago. Turning to tax expense, in the fourth quarter we're required to record the impact of the enactment of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017 add on our prior period tax position. The impact of the new low require the recognition of a one-time transition tax or total charge on our cumulative foreign earnings that were not previously subject to U.S taxes. This was partially offset by a net benefit from the adjustment of our existing deferred and another tax balances to reflect the new lower federal statutory tax rate of 21%. As a result, we recorded a net increase to income tax expense of $106.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2017. The impact of the Tax Act will require ongoing analysis, and we expect this estimate to change as further information becomes available during 2018. Including the additional income tax expense recorded, our effective tax rate for Q4 was 50.2%.Excluding the additional expense, the effective tax rate was approximately 32%, which was a bit lower than the priors rate of 32.5%. On Slide 3, we provide a detail on how the Tax Act impacted our income tax expense, net income, and diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2017. For the full-year, our effective tax rate increased to 36.9% compared to 32.6% for 2016. The year-over-year increase in the rate attributable to the Tax Act was partially offset by the recognition of an additional tax benefit from share-based compensation of $20.8 million. The majority of which was recorded in Q1 resulting from the adoption of ASU 2016-09. This benefit arises from the difference between the book tax expense and the cash tax deduction recorded on our tax return from share-based compensation, which at the beginning of 2017 was required to be recognized in income tax expense. In 2016 and prior, that difference was recorded directly to equity and not the P&L. The standard required prospective recognition and does not allow restatement of prior periods. Without the effect of the Tax Act and the change in accounting for share-based compensation, our full-year expected tax rate for 2017 would have been 32.4%. As for our projection of our tax rate going forward, we’re still in the process of evaluating the impact of the Tax Act on our annual effective tax rate for 2018. However, based on current estimates, we expect the pro forma impact of the Tax Act to reduce our effective tax rate by about 3.5% to 4.5%. Using our 2017 pre-tax income amount of approximately $1.9 billion, this would result in a pro forma reduction of income tax expense of approximately $75 million. The net cash impact of the total charge will be paid over an eight year period beginning in 2018, with the payment of approximately $9 million to be made this year. At this point, we can't predict the 2018 tax benefit from the share-based compensation accounting change, because it is a subject of the changes and the value of Omnicom stock price and the impact of any future stock option exercises. However, because we expect to have less restricted stock vesting in 2018 versus 2017, at this point we expect the benefit will be lower in Q1 2018 and for the rest of the year. Earnings from our affiliates totaled $800,000 for the quarter, down a bit from last year. And the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries increased $3.3 million to $33.4 million. The year-over-year increase in minority interest expense was primarily the result of operational improvements in our less than wholly-owned subsidiaries over the past year. As a result, net income for the fourth quarter including the incremental tax charge we incurred in connection with the 2017 Tax Act was $254 million. Excluding [ph] the impact of the tax charge net income for Q4 was $360.7 million, an increase of $10.4 million or 3% versus Q4 of last year. Now turning to Slide 2. Net income available for common shareholders for the quarter was $254 million, which includes the impact of the $106 million tax charge. Excluding the impact of the 2017 Tax Act, the net income available to common shareholders increased $11.6 million or 3.3% when compared to last year. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 2.3% versus Q4 of last year, $232.3 million. The decrease was driven by our share repurchases over the past year. Including the impact of the tax charge we incurred at the end of the year, our reported diluted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.9. Excluding the impact of the tax charge, our Q4 EPS totaled $1.55, up $0.08 or 5.4% versus Q4 of last year. On Slides 4 through 6, we provide the summary P&L, EPS, and other information for the full-year. 2017's full-year organic revenue growth was 3%, although net impact of FX in the year went up slightly positive at 0.3%. Factoring in the net impact of acquisitions and dispositions, which reduced revenue by about $650 million or 4.2% for the full-year, 2017 revenue totaled just under $15.3 billion, a decrease of $0.009 when compared to 2016. For 2017, operating profit increased 2.5% to just under $2.06 billion, while EBITDA increased 2.3% to $2.17 billion. As for our annual margins, our operating margin increased 50 basis points and our EBITDA margin increased 40 basis points versus the full-year of 2016 results. On Slide 5, you can see our reported 12-month diluted EPS was $4.65 a share. And on Slide 6. we provide the impact of the additional expense recorded in connection with the Tax Act ad on our full-year results. Excluding the impacts of the tax charge, our diluted EPS was $5.10 per share, an increase of $0.32 or 6.7% versus 2016. Turning to Slide 7, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. During the fourth quarter due to the weakening of the U.S dollar against most of the foreign currencies we operate in, the net impact of the change in currency rates positively impacted our revenue adding 2.4% or $102 million. The major driver of our FX movement in the fourth quarter versus last year was the euro, which accounted for nearly half the net revenue increase from FX during the quarter. In addition to the euro, the dollar weakened against the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar and the U.K pound. Making any assumption on how foreign currency rates will move over the next few months, let alone the balance of 2018 is of course highly speculative. However, as we enter into 2018, the currencies stay where they currently are based on our recent projections FX could positively impact our revenues by approximately 3% to 4% during the first quarter of 2018 and about 2% for the full-year. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $235 million in the quarter or 5.5%. As we discussed throughout the year, we completed several dispositions during the past year, including the disposition back in April of Novus, our specialty print media business which operated in the U.S and Canada. Consistent with our historical approach, we will continue to evaluate our portfolio of businesses, pursue acquisition opportunities like the recently announced acquisition of the Snow Group, as well as make internal investments in our agencies. Based on transactions completed to date, the current expectations are that the impact of our disposition activity net of acquisitions will reduce revenue by approximately 4% to 4.5% in the first quarter and then return to plus or minus 1% for the remaining quarters of 2018, with the effects of our prior year dispositions and acquisitions will have cycle through. While decidedly mix by market and by discipline, organic growth was positive on a global basis for the quarter of about $67 million or 1.6% for the fourth quarter. Geographically, our European and Asian regions continued their improved performance, but were partially offset by weakness this quarter in the U.S as well as in the U.K., which had difficult comps versus the strong performance in prior year, and the continued negative performance of our agencies in Brazil, in light of the issues in that market. Slide 8 shows our mix of business by discipline. As you can see, we revised the detail we provide regarding our marketing services agencies to reflect the realignment of our disciplines and better capture the expanded scope of our services. As a result of this realignment, our CRM discipline has been disaggregated into two separate categories: CRM consumer experience, which includes our direct and digital marketing agencies, and Omnicom precision marketing group, as well as our consulting and branding agencies, shopper marketing agencies, and our experience from marketing agencies. CRM Execution & Support, which includes our field marketing, sales support, merchandising and point-of-sale, as well as other specialized marketing and customer communication agencies. We also realigned and renamed our specialty communications discipline, so that it now exclusively includes agencies offering healthcare marketing and communication services. For the fourth quarter, the split was 54% for advertising and 46% for marketing services with the full-year split being similar. As for their organic growth by discipline, it was mixed. Our advertising discipline was up 1.2%. Growth continues to be led by our media businesses, particularly internationally. Our advertising agencies, and in particular, our regional agency brands, the mixed results this quarter resulting from last year-end project spend by clients in this discipline. CRM consumer experience was up 3.4% for the quarter. We saw organic growth in every region within the discipline led by our events businesses which had a strong performance with year-end projects in the quarter, results for the rest of the discipline was mixed, with positive performance from shopper marketing offset by our direct and digital agencies which continues to cycle through some prior losses. CRM execution and support was also up 3.4% organically in the quarter with growth in sales support and custom communications, as well as our nonprofit specialty agencies, which offset declines in merchandising and point-of-sale. PR was up marginally this quarter in light of the difficult compact Q4 of 2016 when we have some benefits in the U.S from spending related to the 2016 presidential election. And healthcare was down 1.9% resulting from last year-end project spend from clients in this discipline, which also faced a difficult comparison to very strong growth in Q4 of 2016. On Slide 9. which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter the split was 54% for North America, 9% for the U.K., 20% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 4% for Latin America and 2% for the Middle East and Africa markets. Now turning to the details of our performance by region on Slide 10. Organic revenue growth in North America was down 0.8% due to the year-over-year reductions at our PR, healthcare, advertising and media agencies, which resulted primarily from last year-end project spend by clients, including political spend in PR related to the 2016 election as well cycling through some losses earlier in the year. This was partially offset by the positive performance of our CRM agencies, which was mixed by discipline. Turning to Europe, the U.K was negative, down $0.007. Given the difficult comparison versus Q4 of 2017 when organic growth was 8.5%, results this quarter will mixed by discipline. With positive performances from our PR and media agencies which will offset by decreases in field marketing and at certain of our advertising agencies. The rest of Europe was up 8.2% organically in the quarter. Within the Eurozone, Spain led the way and Netherlands had strong growth for the first time in a while. Additionally, Belgium and Italy performed well, while Germany was marginally positive. Growth in Europe outside the Eurozone was positive overall as well. The Asia-Pacific region was up 6%. And we continue to see organic growth across most major markets in the region, including Australia, Singapore, New Zealand, and greater China, which grew but slower than the past. In Japan, however, was slightly lower in the quarter.  In Latin America the performance of our agencies in Brazil continues to mirror the economic instability of that market and overshadowed strong performances from our agencies elsewhere in the region, particularly in Colombia and Mexico. As a result, the region was marginally negative in the quarter. And Middle East and Africa, our smallest region, was up 1.9% in the quarter. Turning to Slide 11, we present our mix of business by industry sector. And in comparing the full-year revenue for 2017 to 2016, not much has changed. Turning to our cash flow performance, on Slide 12, you can see that we generated a little under $1.7 billion of free cash flow during the year, including the positive effect from changes in working capital. We made a big improvement in Q4 in working capital, more than making up for the decline in performance in the third quarter. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 13, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $515 million. As a reminder, the $0.05 increase in our quarterly dividend which we announced during the fourth quarter was effective with the payment we made last month, but that increase had no impact on 2017's cash flow. Dividends paid to our noncontrolling interest shareholders totaled about $102 million. CapEx was $156 million, which is down a little from the prior year. Acquisitions including earn out payments totaled $85 million, down over $400 million versus 2016. And stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $558 million and were similar to last year's levels. All in, we generated $260 million in net free cash flow for the year. Turning to Slide 14, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt $4.92 5 billion, our net debt position at the end of the year was $1.13 billion, down nearly $800 million compared to December 31, 2016. The decrease was principally due to the positive change in operating capital of approximately $350 million. Our excess free cash flow of $260 million for the year and positive impact of FX on our cash balances at year-end, which reduced net debt by about another $230 million. As for our debt ratios they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.1x and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was below 1x and 0.5x. And due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased 10.4x, but remains quite strong. Turning to Slide 15, we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio was 24.1%, while our return on equity was 45.6% or 48.9% excluding the impact of the Tax Act. And finally on Slide 16, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2008 through 2017 which totaled $10 billion. And the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases. The sum of which during the same period was about $10.6 billion, resulting in a cumulative payout ratio of 105% over the last decade. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note, that we've included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we’re going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions. First, on the shortfall in the project business in Q4. I think you mentioned it came in below your expectations. Could you give us a bit more color exactly maybe what didn’t materialize, is it certain verticals in terms of clients that didn’t spend, or was it certain types? Just any more color there would be great. And then, my follow-up question is just really on how we should think about organic revenue growth for 2018 in light of what you know from your budgeting plans to your clients and your recent performance? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. Good morning, Alexia. This is John. When you look through the project work, it's really between $25 million and $50 million in certain key areas that didn’t come through. That versus the headwinds that we had from some of the losses in some of our independent branded agencies, that were still cycling through and the change in the way that we recorded revenue programmatic business. It was the convergence of all those three things that really impacted the percentages that you’re seeing. There is nothing systemic or programmatic about it in any way. We also, the fourth quarter of '16 and all of '16 was when a lot of the activity was occurring which didn’t reoccur in the first nine months of 2017. So we weren't [technical difficulty] business. We started to see a pickup in activity that in [ph] business wise towards the end of the -- the middle of the fourth quarter and it continues into this year. So we believe we’ve taken all the actions that we need and it just turns out to be that it's regionally where the challenges showed up. I have to say that if you look at the first nine months of the year, we were performing -- or performing in what our range was, and so it was a little disappointing but nothing troubling. As we look at preliminary budget that we’ve looked at so far, for '18 we are suggesting that organic growth will be between 2% to 3%. I don’t know if you want to add anything here, Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I think most with respect to the projects that I think most of it certainly occurred in the U.S and in particular as John have said in some of our advertising businesses in the U.S as well as in our PR businesses and healthcare businesses. Last year in the fourth quarter they both grew close to 8%, so they kind of outperformed with last year at this time, so we had some pretty difficult comps. And as far as the organic expectations at this point, the 2% to 3% that John mentioned, is our current expectations for the year 2018.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just follow-up on that, in terms of profitability or margins, I would assume we'd -- we should see some margin expansion maybe in Q1, given we’re still sort of cycling below our margin divestitures. Is that a fair way to look at the margin maybe outlook near-term?
Philip Angelastro: I think you can definitely confirm that we’re going to continue to focus on EBIT dollars and not necessarily a margin percentage as we always said. We are going to continue to pursue our efficiency and effectiveness initiatives which we’ve gotten a lot of traction on the last two years as well as this year, particular. What we’re also going to continue invest in our agency is especially in the areas of data and analytics and in a number of digital transformation initiatives that we got going on. And we will continue to evaluate as we always do, finding the right balance between investing for sustainable growth and growing our EBIT dollars. So right now, I would say, we’re not prepared to commit to a margin expansion target percentage at this time. But we’re going to continue to reevaluate that as we reevaluate the investments we think we can make to continue to sustain our growth.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Next, Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes, good morning. Thank you. John, if you look back at 2017 and you think out to 2018, your 2% to 3% organic revenue growth perhaps target for the New Year. Can you just go through maybe the five or six areas that you think is holding back the organic growth and your peers as well? I mean, obviously, the economy seems like it's accelerating here in the U.S also around the world. But what’s holding back your customers from spending more towards the ad service dollars that you get is not growing as much as it might be in the prior cycles? I have a few other questions. Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. There's a number of things. I mean, there are quite a number of areas were challenged by shareholder activism, changes in technology in a way that good s are distributed, because there's a lot of disruption going on out there, there's a lot of confusion as to what’s the most effective way to reach that consumer happens today. Those are the principal challenges. And in terms of the macro type of look at things, I think that in 2018, I’m -- what we’re hoping to see is that with the stimulus that’s been put, especially into the United States and the coordinating growth that we’re seeing in the other markets around the world that as you get not necessarily in the first quarter, but as that money gets into consumer's hands later on in the year that you will see an increase in spending and clients will be addressing the needs and requirements of the consumer. So at this point, what we've done is we've made quite a number of changes to the portfolio of companies in the way that we go-to-market, we’ve advanced our capabilities quite significantly, especially in the areas of data and digital and analytics. And we continue to double down those investments in what we are referring to the transformation effort, we will making internal investments as well as some external investments with new partners to make sure that we go all the way down the funnel and reach the consumer and only in reaching internal message, but also delivering the right message to try to get them to activate to buy and to sell things. So we believe we are taking quite a number of efforts in face of all these challenges that we’ve seen in '17 and we're hoping that they're going to pay off pretty confident, that they’re going to pay off as we get into '18.
Craig Huber: And then, also Phil, if I could ask, just wanted to get a sense of how much your cash is sitting outside the U.S., you perhaps could repatriate?
Philip Angelastro: I think it changes -- it certainly changes on a daily basis. But I think a substantial portion of our cash that’s on the balance sheet, at 1231 was outside the U.S. The ability to bring it back is going to be much simpler now with the passage of tax reform. And, I think, managing our internal treasury systems as far as what cash is overseas when cash is in the U.S., it should be a little easier and we intend to bring back as much as we can bring back in a timely and efficient manner.
Craig Huber: And if you do bring that, still would it most likely to be for share buybacks?
Philip Angelastro: No, I don’t think. When you go through the numbers, I don’t -- in terms of the impact of tax reform on us, we expected to have from a dollars perspective, somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 million of benefit in, say '18 annualized. That’s on a pro forma basis using our pre-tax income from '17 as proxy. So I don't think you’re going to see really any difference in our -- any substantial difference in our approach to capital allocation. We are going to continue to pay strong dividend. We are going to continue to pursue accretive acquisitions and certainly we've done one recently and we’re going to continue to look for more. And then with the balance of our free cash flow, we are going to invest that in share buybacks and some of it we’re going to invest it in our agencies as we’ve discussed just before. So I don’t think you’re going to see anything dramatically change in terms of our capital allocation approach.
Craig Huber: Okay. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Thank you for the additional disclosure on the CRM segments. Maybe, John, could you talk a little bit about how you view those different disciplines in terms of the growth opportunity ahead of you? I know you made some management changes last year. The fourth quarter looked pretty healthy. Do you feel like those buckets -- those two CRM buckets are poised for growth in '18 based on what you’re seeing today? And how do you compare that growth outlook to what you've seen in advertising and media which has been at least until Q4, more robust? And then I had a -- just a quick follow-up. Go ahead
John Wren: Sure. In the consumer experience bucket, I have a lot of hope for upside, because we made changes in branding and we’re starting to see some stabilization and we will see growth. Our shopper promotion business increasingly is a digital activity where we’re doing a lot of advice and changing to the -- changing delivery methods that you see in places like Amazon and others. Events and sports, we should get a bump somewhat this year principally because of the -- principally because of the improving economy plus in the first quarter there is a little bit of benefit associated with the Olympics in Korea. And where we’re really doubling down is in digital and precision marketing and taking that activity as I mentioned and marrying it to the expense of investments we made in Analects, so we can better target the consumer for delivery, more effective messages for our clients. The other areas, there is a field marketing, sales support, specialty production and merchandising POS, those are the activities which have growth, but they're not as cutting edge, I would say as the first aim of CRM activities and we expect it to have our fair share of growth in those areas as we’ve had in the past several years. So it's -- there's one -- thinking in one group, I would say and executing on the other and clients needs will be taken care accordingly.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. And just, Phil, just on the margin comment, if you guys land in your guidance range for organic, are you suggesting margins will be kind of flat plus or minus? I just wanted to see if you could add a little more color to the margin outlook for the year?
Philip Angelastro: I think, again, we’re more focused on growing the dollars, but I think by not committing to a margin expansion number now as we're looking out of the year and evaluating what we’re going to invest in and how much we need to invest. I think our expectation is margins are flat for the year. And if that evaluation changes, we will certainly let everybody know as we go through the year.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. Thank you both.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: And next go to Steven Cahall with RBC. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Yes, thank you. Sorry to kind of ask somewhat critical and big picture question. But I was wondering if you could just kind of circle back on your organic growth guidance. To be honest, it didn’t sound entirely confident. So do you feel firmly that that 2% to 3% or the midpoint of it is something that you can look forward to the full-year based on your budgeting process, or should we kind of read a lot of risk into that statement? And then, relatedly, you talked about the impact from Accuen and political this year as well as net new business. So should we think about a lot of this growth as backend loaded, as we approach the year?
John Wren: Well, to answer your question, I was told after I first mentioned it, that my mic was weaker and I should speak up. So willingly confident, 2% to 3%, I hope you’re hearing me clear now.
Steven Cahall: Yes, absolutely.
John Wren: And some of those activities -- the political spending for the midterm elections which we suggest will be coming back similar to almost what happened in the presidential elections going to occur is not going to occur in the first quarter, it's going to start to occur as you get little later into the year. There are also the stimulus that people are going to start to see in their paychecks from tax cuts and some other activities. They’re not there in January and February, but they will start to creep into people's pockets as we get later -- a little bit later in the year. So this year with the level of activity, the level of stimulus that’s occurring, the calendar itself we don't expect a radical shift from what our past performance has been, but we do expect some shift. So having said, I’m not saying it's all going to occur like some of our competitors in the fourth quarter.
Philip Angelastro: I think, just one specific follow-up on the Accuen reference. So in '17, Accuen -- in the fourth quarter of '17, Accuen was down about $12 million globally and $17 million in the U.S. That’s the trend that we expect to continue. So overall, the programmatic business is very strong, but we continue to see a transition of some clients moving toward a more traditional agency pass-through [ph] solution from our performance-based bundled solution. Plenty of clients are very comfortable with the performance-based solution, want to continue down that path, but ultimately, the business itself is growing. We are happy with it, and we expect the base business to grow -- to continue to grow in '18. But I think the shift will continue, which will have similar negative impact on the reported result.
John Wren: I just want -- I want to add, the billings associated with that activity which are now up double-digits from what we can see sitting here today for programmatic activity. The way we report them on a -- in a more traditional sense rather than in a bundled sense has an impact on reported revenue. It doesn’t have an impact really on our profitability associated with those activities.
Steven Cahall: Am I correct that, that started kind of late first half of last year, that shift in behavior, so you will start to cycle through that maybe through the -- by the second half or is it really just the Q4 when you start to cycle through it?
John Wren: No, I think it's a change -- it's a trend, it's a change in the business. So our activity, our expertise, our profitability from those activities, we fully expect to go up. We don't expect the same contribution in revenue that we receive in the past, because of the way the clients are purchasing new services from us.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I think if you look back the business grew quite a bit because it was brand-new in '14 and '15. And in '16 it's when the transition started to occur. So in '16 the number is in terms of the growth rate came down and that in '17 we've seen some net negatives in terms of reductions overall in that business.
John Wren: The other thing that we're hopeful, we can predict. As we sit here today, there's probably $15 billion worth of new accounts that are in review, of which I think we're at risk defending about $2 billion of that. The rest of it is an opportunity for us to win our fair share and that should contribute to our overall growth.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: I think, operator, given that the market's open or just about to open, I think we’ve time for one more question.
Operator: And that will be from Tim Nolan with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nolan: Great. Thanks very much. You actually got most of the questions I had. I wonder though you mentioned a number of divestitures you’ve done last year. I wonder if there might be more to come in 2018? You’re talking about some organizational efficiencies and so forth. And is it possible to say if that affects your guidance for 2018? Do you have a better growth rate in '18, given having reduced some of the underperforming or less strategic businesses last year?
John Wren: I think we’re going to continue to reevaluate the portfolio, we do that on a regular basis. And we're continuing to go through our final planning cycle here for '18 with all of our agencies and networks. So as of now we don't have an expectation that beyond early -- very early in the second quarter when we cycle through large disposition we completed last year to be back at a similar number for the rest of '18. That said, I think our expectations of plus or minus 1% from the second quarter of '18 on as far as the net acquisition disposition activity, it's based on what we know today. So deals we've completed either acquisitions or dispositions, we’ve completed as of now, that could change and the expectation right now is it's not going to change significantly. And if and when we close new acquisitions, the number will grow. But that’s not to say that when opportunities come along to divest and dispose of nonstrategic assets, which I would say we continue to evaluate we're going to take advantage of those opportunities if they make sense for us and for shareholders. Hello? Okay. Well, thank you all for joining the call and we appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Head of Investor Relations John Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer Philip Angelastro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Julien Roch - Barclays Capital Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2017 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we have posted on our website, www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning's press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You will find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro will provide our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I am pleased to speak to you this morning about our third quarter results. Organic growth for the third quarter was 2.8%. For the nine months ended September 30, organic growth was 3.5%. EBITDA margin in the quarter was 13.2%, an increase of 50 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2016. In the third quarter, reported revenue was down 1.9% compared to the prior year. Net acquisition disposition revenue was negative 5.7% for the quarter. The disposition process that we started in the fourth quarter of 2016 was substantially completed in the first four months of 2017 and will cycle through the financial statements through early 2018. We did see a benefit to the revenue from FX changes in the quarter of 1%. Phil will discuss the estimated impact of net acquisitions dispositions and currencies in more detail during his remarks. Looking at our revenue by geography, organic growth in North America was 2.1% in the quarter, driven by our media, healthcare and events businesses, offset by declines in our direct marketing and branding agencies. Drilling down in the region, growth in the United States was 2.4% and was offset by a small reduction in Canada. Although small, Puerto Rico also declined in the quarter, and our main focus now is on helping our people and agencies in the market recover from the effects of the hurricane. Our branding business, which I mentioned on our last call, which is largely project-based continue to struggle. As I will discuss later, we have recently made management changes in the business and have corrected some of the operational issues we encountered. We expect the branding business to begin to stabilize as a result of these changes. PR in North America was also slightly negative in the quarter. Turning to markets outside North America, the UK grew at 3.8%. Our media, healthcare and PR agencies drove our growth in the UK, offset by declines in our field marketing business. Organic growth in the rest of Europe was 7.8%. In Euro Markets, overall growth was strong. Germany and France grew in the mid-single-digits, Spain performed extremely well, and The Netherlands had positive results after a number of negative quarters. Outside the Euro Markets, our agencies performed well, including Russia, which had very positive results. Looking at Asia Pacific, third quarter organic growth was 1.4%. India, Japan and Singapore, all outperformed in the region, offset by negative performance in China. Latin America was down 5.4%. Our operations in Latin America other than Brazil had positive results. Brazil is by far the largest market in the region and drove the negative performance. At this stage it is difficult for us to predict when our business in Brazil will consistently improve, but we remain cautiously optimistic. Looking at our bottom line, EPS increased to a $1.13 per share for the quarter versus $1.06 per share for the same quarter a year ago. In the first nine months of the year, we generated a little under $1.2 billion in free cash flow and returned over $900 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Last week, we announced the quarterly dividend increase of $0.05 per share or 9.1%. Our use of cash remains consistent with past practice, paying our dividend, pursuing accretive acquisitions, and repurchasing shares with the balance of our free cash flow. Our cash flow, balance sheet, and liquidity remained very strong. Looking at the rest of the year, there are couple of factors that result in less visibility as we plan for the fourth quarter, as has been the case over a number of years this quite a bit of project work that occurs in the fourth quarter that can impact revenue. Each year, we've found this year-end project work is between $200 million and $250 million. Client spending on these projects is not easy to forecast, and typically it is based on individual client circumstances and general economic conditions. Having said that, our agencies remain laser focused on servicing their clients, driving growth, and managing their costs. We remain committed to delivering our revenue and margin targets for the full-year 2017. I'd like to turn now to discuss some of the factors affecting our industry and how Omnicom is responding as an organization. As you are well aware many of the world's largest companies and best known brands are experiencing fundamental changes in their industries due to new technologies, disruptive competitors and changing consumer behavior. For these large brands, the name is many of us grew up with the relationship with their customers has changed. That's because technology has advanced to a point where consumers today want information that is directly relevant to their needs. Given the challenges many of our clients facing there is a significant opportunity for Omnicom to help them transform the way they approach their customers. Marketing needs to be tied into the advertisers' broader strategy, including sales, service, product innovation, and other functions with the consumer at the center. With this in mind, we continue to transform the way we are organized in a manner that allows our management, people and agencies to effect change by offering clients the most creative minds with access through the latest tools in the marketplace. To do so Omnicom remains focused on our key strategic priorities, growing and developing our talent, while increasing the diversity of our workforce, simplifying our service offerings through our new practice area and client metric structure, making investments in our agencies and through acquisitions and partnerships to expand our capabilities in digital, data and analytics, and continuing to execute our operational efficiency initiatives. Given our focus on providing our clients with consumer centric services in the third quarter we formed a new practice area by combining our CRM and digital agencies, we form Omnicom Precision Marketing Group, which will be led by Luke Taylor. Luke recently joined Omnicom and was formerly CEO of DigitasLBi. He is one of best and brightest in our industry, when it comes to CRM strategies and digital business transformation. We are extremely pleased to have in this part of our organization. There is a tremendous opportunity for Omnicom Precision Marketing to leverage Annalect, our core data in analytics platform, and to working partnership with our creative and media agencies to help our clients put individual identities at the center of their marketing. It will help us drive growth by getting the right message, to the right person, at the right time, and on the right platform, and in the right context. It is the capability such as these that will enable Omnicom's clients to form the direct relationship with the consumer that is needed in today's digital and always connected world. Indeed Omnicom is committed to being a first mover when it comes to offering clients to latest media, technology, data and e-commerce tools. We already have more than 100 partnership agreements and recently sign deals with the number of first party data suppliers as we look to build richer, bigger data sets. In addition to Omnicom Precision Marketing, we now have practice areas in place for healthcare, PR, and national brand advertising. Several others are in-process and should be completed in the first half of 2018. Our practice area in client metric structure enables better sharing of expertise in knowledge, creates more career opportunities for our people, strengthens our new business development efforts, leverages our internal investments and allows us to identify acquisition opportunities for the group. As an example, Omnicom Health Group has created several forums for our experts in the healthcare working across our clients that meet regularly to brainstorm ideas, bringing added value and innovation to those clients. On the people front, Omnicom Health Group launched a fellowship program to bringing graduating students with advanced scientific and medical degrees that rotate through various disciplines in the group in their first year of employment. They have also established a centralized human resource function to look at talent in a more holistic way. This allows the group to open more doors for our people as they grow and evolve, and to move them across our agencies as the key roles develop. On the technology front, Omnicom Health Group agencies are leveraging the data marketing capabilities that they acquired through the BioPharm acquisition with Annalect data sources to open new ways for our pharmaceutical clients to engage physicians. Our other practice areas are working in similar ways to enhance the opportunities for our people and the services we deliver to our clients. Overall, I'm very pleased with the way our practice areas are developing. On the topic of retaining and developing the best talent, one of the hallmarks of Omnicom is that we strive to make our organization a place where people can build their careers. We place considerable effort on succession planning, advancement and diversity. A great example of this is the recent appointment of John Osborn as the CEO of OMD's U.S. Operation. Ossie joined BBDO in 1996 and rose to the level of President and CEO of BBDO New York in his 21 years. Ossie was looking for the next chapter in his career, so Daryl Simm and Robinson and myself, thought he'd be a perfect fit for running OMD USA. As content and context become increasingly intertwined, agency leadership with experience across the broad spectrum of marketing services is critical to growth and client success. More recently, Charles Trevail, CEO of our agency C Space, became the new CEO of Interbrand. In addition, C Space will become part of Interbrand. Charles joined Omnicom in 2012 when C Space purchased Promise Corporation, a company he founded. Charles has a proven track record of building brands and we're pleased to have him in his new role. The Interbrand and C Space partnership is also an opportunity to bring world-class expertise together, brand building, and consumer experience to drive growth for our clients. One of the barometers we use to measure our success in cultivating the best talent is the performance of Omnicom's work for clients in award shows. In the third quarter, at the 2017 Spikes Asia Festival of Creativity, Omnicom agencies continued to be the most creatively awarded in the industry. BBDO received the nights' top honors by winning Network of the Year, and Clemenger BBDO and Colenso BBDO placing second and third in Agency of the Year category. Media Agency of the Year was awarded to PHD New Zealand, with OMD Singapore placing second. Omnicom agencies took home seven Grand Prix awards, more than any other holding company, in digital, direct, film, healthcare, PR and entertainment, as well as the only Creative Effectiveness award. In total, 20 Omnicom agencies in 15 countries contributed to more than a 130 Spike awards with work from 50 different clients. Our ability to win these awards reflects our outstanding creativity and talent. I want to congratulate our people on their efforts and their accomplishments. And in the area of diversity, we're very pleased that Omnicom was once again designated as a best place to work for the LGBTQ community by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. Turning now to our operations, we continue to make very good progress on our real estate information technology, back office and accounting services and procurement initiatives. Through these programs, we're enhancing our platforms, systems and controls and reducing costs. Our success in streamlining operations as contributed to the margin improvement we have achieved this year. In closing, we are pleased with our financial performances in the nine months of 2017. And in an uncertain environment, we are well positioned to deliver on our targets for the full year. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at third quarter results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. While, our business has continued to operate in the challenging marketplace, our agencies once again did well in meeting the financial and strategic goals we set for them. Total revenue for the third quarter was $3.7 billion with organic revenue growth of 2.8% that brings our year-to-date organic growth to 3.5%, due to a slightly weakening of the dollar against the currencies in our significant foreign markets. FX positively impacted our revenue by 1% in the third quarter. We also continue to experience of reduction relative to prior periods, and our reported revenues resulting from the disposition of several businesses that did not set our strategic priorities. This included Novus, our specialty print media business as well as certain agencies within our field marketing and events discipline. These dispositions net of our recent acquisitions reduced our third quarter revenue by $216 million or 5.7%. I'll go in to greater detail regarding the changes in our revenue in a few minutes. Looking at the income statement items below revenue, operating profit or EBIT for the quarter increased 2.4% to $464 million. With EBIT margin improving to 12.5%, a 50 basis point improvement versus Q3 of last year. Similarly, Q3 EBITDA increased to $492 million and the resulting EBITDA margin of 13.2% also represents a 50 basis point increase over Q3 2016. Main drivers of our margin improvement continued to be our ongoing efforts to improve cost efficiencies throughout the organization, which are focused on real estate, back office services, and procurement initiatives, as well as the positive impact on margins from the dispositions of several businesses late last year and early this year. For the balance of the year, we'll continue to expect that our dispositions will negatively impact our reported revenue and EBIT dollars. With the modest benefit of approximately 20 basis points to our overall EBIT margins. Now turning to the items below operating profit. Net interest expense for the quarter was $46.4 million, up $4.4 million versus Q3 last year, and up $1.1 million versus the second quarter of 2017, versus Q2 interest expense increased $2.2 million, primarily driven by reduction in the benefit from our fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps as well as an increase in interest rates. All interest income increased $1.1 million due to an increase in cash held by our international treasury centers relative to Q2, versus the third quarter of last year the increase in interest expense of $6.1 million was primarily driven by reduction in the benefit from our fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps as well as the increase in our commercial paper interest rates. This was partially offset by an increase in interest income of $1.7 million, while our cash balances held were down slightly versus last year, an increase in interest rates positively impacted income for the quarter. Turning to income tax expense, as you recall at the beginning of the year, we're required to adopt ASU 2016-09, which change the way income tax expenses recognized on share-based compensation under U.S. GAAP. Newly implemented standard requires that the difference between the book tax expense and the cash tax deduction recorded on our tax return from share-based compensation, we've recognized as income tax expense. This difference is generated as a result of our stock price on the date of the award compared to the stock price on either the date that restricted stock vests or the date that stock options are exercised. In the past on the GAAP is difference for us was recorded directly to equity and not to the P&L. The standard requires prospect of recognition and does not allow restatement of prior periods. As a result under the new standard, we recorded an additional tax benefit on share-based compensation of $4.8 million during the third quarter, which reduced our quarterly effective tax rate by 1.1% to 31.6%, and our year-to-date effective rate to 31.1%. Excluding the benefit from the adoption of the new accounting standard, our year-to-date effective tax rate would have been 32.6%, the same as the year-to-date rate for 2106, and in line with our expectations of 2017's full-year tax rate. Earnings from our affiliates were $1.1 million during the third quarter, down a little from $1.4 million in Q3 of 2016. And the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased slightly to $23.3 million. As a result of the foregoing items, our net income for the quarter increased by about $10 million or 3.9%, $263.6 million versus $253.8 million in Q3 of 2016. Now turning to the calculation of earnings per share for the third quarter on Slide 2. Net income available for common shareholders for the quarter was $263.3 million. Our net share repurchases made over the past year reduced our diluted share count by 2.5%, 232.7 million shares. As a result, our reported diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.13, up $0.07 or 6.6% versus diluted EPS of $1.06 from Q3 of last year. Q3 2017, the impact of the new income tax accounting standard increased our diluted EPS by about $0.02, because the final income tax benefit is based on Omnicom's share price at the future vesting date for restricted stock and at the exercise date for stock options. It is not possible to estimate with any degree of certainty the impact the new accounting pronouncement will have on our income tax rate, our net income, or our diluted EPS going forward. Please note that in future periods this impact could be positive or negative based on movements in our stock price. 2017 almost all of our share-based awards are restricted stock have vested for this year. As a result, the impact in the fourth quarter of the year is expected to be minor. On Slide 3 and 4, we provide the summary P&L, EPS, and other information for the year-to-date period. I will just give you few highlights, organic growth increased revenue by 3.5% during the first nine months of the year, while the FX headwind reduced revenue by 0.5% and the net impact of acquisitions and dispositions reduced revenue by $413 million or 3.7%. As a result, for the year-to-date period, revenue totaled $11.1 billion, a decrease of 0.7%, when compared to the first nine months of 2016. Operating profit or EBIT through nine months totaled $1.44 billion or EBITDA was $1.53 billion both increase in 2.3% versus last year. And our operating margins and EBITDA, an increased 40 basis points for the nine months compared to last year. And on Slide 4, you can see our year-to-date diluted EPS was $3.55 per share, which is up $0.24 or 7.3% versus 2016. Year-to-date the impact of the new accounting standard increased our diluted EPS by $0.08. Moving to the details of our revenue performance for the quarter, which starts on Slide 5. During the quarter for the first time since 2014, the net impact of the changes in currency rates had a positive impact on our revenue, adding 1% or $39 million. For financial reporting purposes major driver of our FX movement in the third quarter versus last year was the euro, which strengthened 5.7% against the dollar. In addition to the movement of the euro, the dollar weakened against the Australian dollar, and the Canadian dollar as well as several other currencies. The dollar also strengthened against the Japanese yen, British pound, and the Turkish lira. Over the past several quarters for financial reporting purposes, we experienced significant FX headwinds resulting from the decline of the British pound after the Brexit vote in June of 2016. We have now cycled through that significant year-over-year decline. If currencies stay where they currently are, based on our most recent projections, the net impact of FX is expected to be positive by approximately 2% in the fourth quarter, which would result in the impact of FX for the full year being flat. The impact of our recent acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $216 million in the quarter or 5.7%. As we have discussed, we completed several dispositions over the past 12 months, including the disposition this past April of Novus, our specialty print media business, which was located in the U.S and Canada. While we will continuously evaluate our portfolio of businesses, at this time we do not anticipate any additional significant dispositions during the remainder of 2017. Our current expectations are that the impact of acquisitions net of our disposition activity will reduce revenue by approximately 4.75% in the fourth quarter, and as a result by approximately 4% for the year. Organic growth was positive 2.8% or $106 million this quarter. Some highlights of our organic growth this quarter include geographically we had a solid performance in the UK and Continental Europe. And our North American agencies performed better in the quarter with growth of 2.1%. Our media offerings, including PHD and Hearts & Science, continue to perform very well, offset by some challenges faced by OMD. And Omnicom Healthcare Group had a solid performance at both its domestic and international agencies. On Slide 6, we present our regional mix of business. And you can see during the third quarter, the split was just under 57% for North America, about 10% for the UK, 18% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, 3% for Latin America and 2% for Africa and the Middle East. Turning to the details of our performance by region on Slide 7, in North America, organic revenue growth was up 2.1%. While this was an improvement over recent quarters, the performance remains mixed across disciplines. We saw solid growth in our media, healthcare and events businesses, while our branding, direct marketing, point of sale and PR agencies underperformed. In the UK, organic growth was up 3.8%. While most of our businesses in the market continue their solid performance, overall organic growth was tempered by sluggish results from our field marketing and direct marketing businesses. The rest of Europe continues to perform well, up 7.8% organically in the quarter. All of the significant markets within Eurozone were positive organically, including strong performance in Germany France and Spain. We also saw solid performance by agencies in the smaller Euro markets, including Italy and Portugal. And The Netherlands had slightly positive organic growth in the quarter. Organic growth in Europe, outside the Eurozone was positive in most markets, except for Turkey, which had negative growth. The Asia-Pacific region was up 1.4%. Solid performances throughout the region, including in India, Japan and Singapore, were offset by some softness in China. Turning to Latin America, Brazil's economic issues continue to overshadow solid performances elsewhere in the region, with negative organic growth 5.4% in the quarter. While the comparison for Brazil Q3 of 2016 was inherently difficult due to an uptick in marketing activity last year as a result of the Rio Olympics, the ongoing macroeconomic issues continue to represent a significant challenge for our agencies there. Outside of Brazil, our agencies in Mexico and Colombia had strong performances. And finally, Africa and the Middle East, which was our smallest region was down 1.6%, largely due to decreases in project-based CRM businesses and a difficult comparison to last year. Slide 8 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the quarter, split was 52% for advertising services and 48% for marketing services. As for their organic growth performance, our advertising discipline was up 4.7%. Growth continues to be led by our media businesses, both domestically and internationally, and solid performances from certain of our full-service advertising agencies. CRM was up marginally for the quarter, with mixed results across our businesses and regions. Within CRM, our branding, direct marketing and point-of-sale businesses lagged, while our events businesses had a strong quarter. PR was slightly negative this quarter, driven mainly by weakness in the U.S. which saw a difficult comp due to the benefit last year of the presidential election. Specialty communications was up 5.1% organically, driven by the performance of our healthcare agencies here in the U.S. and across most international markets. Turning to Slide 9, we present our mix of revenue by our clients' industry sector. When comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2017 to 2016, you can see a slight shift in the percentages each industry contributed toward our total, with autos and food and beverage increasing, while the contribution from the consumer products and travel and entertainment industries decreasing. Turning to our cash flow performance, on Slide 10, you can see that in the first nine months of the year, we generated nearly $1.2 billion of free cash flow including changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 11, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $388 million. The year-over-year change reflects the effects of the 10% increase in the quarterly dividend that was approved last year, partially offset by the reduction in shares outstanding due to repurchase activity. Dividends paid to our noncontrolling interest shareholders totaled $87 million. And capital expenditures were $108 million, up slightly this year. Acquisitions including earn-out payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $87 million. And stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $514 million. All-in, we outspent our free cash flow by $13 million during the first nine months of the year. Turning to Slide 12, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt at September 30 was $4.97 billion. Net debt at the end of September was just over $3.1 billion, in line with our prior year levels and an increase of about $1.2 billion since the beginning of the year, resulting from the use of working capital that normally occurs in the first nine months of the year, which was approximately $1.3 billion. This increase in net debt was partially offset by the effect of exchange rates on cash over the past nine months, which increased our cash balance by $196 million. As for our ratios, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.1 times, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.3 times, and as a result of the year-over-year increase in our gross interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased 10.8 times, but still remains very strong. Turning to Slide 13, we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of internal development initiatives and reasonably priced acquisitions. In the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio moved to 20.2%, while our return on equity ratio was 48.9%, both increased from last year. And finally, on Slide 14, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 years. The line on the top of the chart, those are cumulative net income from the beginning of 2007 through September 30, 2017, which totaled $10.7 billion. While the bar shows the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both net share repurchases and dividends, which during the same period totaled $11.3 billion, all resulting in a cumulative payout ratio in excess of 100% since the beginning of 2007. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. I guess, John, looking at the U.S. organic revenue growth, which has been - which looks a bit better this quarter, I mean, do you believe that some of the headwinds that had caused the organic growth last few quarters to soften have sort of lessened a bit? Or is it really too soon to tell that you've kind of turned the corner there? I guess, just in other words, putting it very plainly, I mean, do we see better - discontinuation of improvement in U.S. organic growth in the quarters ahead?
John Wren: Yes is the answer to your question. We've been dragged down by a couple of specific things. Our branding business, where we just changed management and it takes a little bit of time to go out and sell those projects, but it's not a very long lead-time. So I fully expect that in the first quarter, that headwind will be removed from us and I'm looking forward to that. Direct marketing has been a problem in the last several quarters, creating a headwind. And with the addition of Luke and some other people, we've changed the management team and the approach in that area and I'm looking for pretty immediate improvement in that regard, because we've spoken to Luke for a very long time and he's been with us since July. The third other area, which isn't a problem on a worldwide basis, but in the U.S. what we have and this won't change. It's just an explanation. If you look at Accuen programmatic side of the business a lot of clients and we've actually pushed this into the operating branch within the media company. We haven't lost clients, but we changed the way that we do business with them with a fully disclosed method. And that cost us probably 0.2% in the United States in this past quarter. So some of the problems that you see in explanations that you receive from our competitors, we have a different set of problems and we've addressed ourselves to the largest ones and we'll continue to do so.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just on PR is there anything sort of influenced that segment that, that could be addressed or is that just more of a cyclical thing, where you're seeing some periods of weakness, but it's going to bounce back like other parts of your business?
John Wren: I expect that will bounce back. People are changing the product to meet the market. And there's probably one unit in particular where there still has to be more management changes which haven't occurred yet.
Philip Angelastro: There is also a little bit of election benefit in the 2016 third quarter and fourth quarter results, Alexia, that from a comparability perspective the comp in Q3 and Q4 of 2016 is a little more challenging than normal.
Alexia Quadrani: And then, Phil, just maybe one last one, on the - sounds like you guys had the majority of dispositions within the first four months of the year, so do you happen to have a sort of a just a rough idea of how much of those dispositions, how much they benefit organic growth in the quarter?
John Wren: How much they benefit organic growth or…?
Alexia Quadrani: Yeah, because they were - I assume they were lower growth businesses, getting rid of them would add a little bit of lift to organic growth if at all.
John Wren: It actually has no impact on organic growth, Alexia.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay.
John Wren: They get carved out.
Alexia Quadrani: Perfect. Okay, thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. My first question is Accuen contribution to Q3 organic. Did I understand correctly, John, you said there was a 20-basis-point negative? That's my first question. The second one is on working cap, $1.3 billion negative after nine months. I know the seasonality is going to get better in Q4, but that is $500 million worse than last year. So what's happening and maybe if you could give us a full year guidance? That's my second question. And then on Q4, you say it was the hardest quarter to guide to, because you had $200 million to $250 million of kind of project-based revenue. Could we get a feel of the last kind of 10 years, what has been the worst year and the best year of those project-base? Does it go as low as 100 million and as high as 400, so we can gauge the volatility of Q4? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure, I think I've used the exact language that I used this morning for the past 10 years, because we went back and looked at the scripts of what I said. So it is very much the nature of our business. There was only one year I believe where it didn't come through and that was 2007, I'm looking - 2008 after the great crash or great recession. We always - we are conservative. We typically get some of that, if not, all of it back. But we can't - as I said, we don't have visibility as to when some of these projects are going to occur. It's $200 million on a $4-billion-plus base, so it's a struggle right up until the end of the year. The only complicating factor I see over and above individual companies having difficulties or individual companies wanting to promote things is a lovely U.S. government and what they can do to disrail progress on any given day, let alone [indiscernible]. I'll let Phil answer your other two questions.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, so the Accuen numbers, Julien, the U.S. number or the impact on U.S. was basically negative $9 million and the overall worldwide number was growth of around $2 million, so roughly flat globally and the negative in the U.S.
John Wren: Right, $9 million would have been 0.3%, so would have changed 2.8 to 3.1.
Philip Angelastro: The working capital numbers, essentially some of the issue in Q3 is timing, but some of it is frankly underperformance on our part. I think the bottom line is we ultimately need to do a better job on the blocking and tackling, which is what working capital management comes down to. And we need to do that on an agency-by-agency, region-by-region basis. So it needs to - it needs a much greater focus in the fourth quarter which it typically gets. And frankly, we've been working on that already and we'll be very focused on it in the months to come.
Julien Roch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler: Good morning, one for John and one for Phil if I could. First, John, could you step back and help us a little bit on CRM. You called out branding, some of the management changes and some of the weakness. But when we look back over the last couple of years in CRM and marketing services in general, it lagged. Could you help us understand, kind of looking forward, your expectations? Do you think CRM can reach parity levels of growth with traditional advertising? And then a quick one for Phil, on North America with the sequential improvement any, say, really significant or large events in North America that you would call out or was this kind of a more balanced improvement across those leverage you mentioned? Thanks so much.
John Wren: CRM, the way that we group companies and services in what we present to you includes things like direct marketing, it includes digital operations, it includes events, it includes a number of other companies. As we didn't say this clearly, but, for instance, we've broken out direct marketing and our digital businesses under the leadership of one particular individual this past quarter. There are other events, I mean, other actions that we're planning to take to look at that category and leadership without the companies within that category. And those will be done in the coming months as soon as we identify the right leaders. Principally in the past, the people overseeing those weren't experts in a particular craft. The change that we've been going through over the course of the last year is to change the leadership for the group to somebody who is expert in the craft. And we are starting to see progress as a result of making those changes, and we are going to continue to do that and hopefully will be done with it. I said in my remarks, we'd be done by the middle of next year. I hope to be done sooner than that. And then it takes a little bit of time for the individual to get their arms around the operation, to start to make contribution. So CRM has taken the hits. Some of them have very large companies in them. Some of them have, as I said, there is a - in the field marketing there is some of our outsourcing businesses and shopper promotion. So those are other areas, which when they get projects they tend to be large projects and when - if they don't get a project, you feel they're paying in a much more severe way than if an advertising agency lost a particular client. So I don't know if that helps, but that's the reality of it all.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, I mean the overall goal, Peter, with the practice areas, especially in CRM, is when you get to disciplines like direct marketing, which John talked about, branding, shopper, events businesses, it's essentially to better align the people, the agencies and the resources within a discipline, so that we can better leverage investments across those agencies that are in the same business and the same discipline as well as strengthen new business development efforts, grow the practice area in a more cohesive way. And a big part of it is also to help improve the coordination of the groups within or the agencies within that discipline and link them to our overall top client matrix growth strategy. So we want to drive a larger share of wallet with our largest clients. And we think the practice area is going to help us improve, when it comes to coordination and integration in that front. Specifically your question on North America, I think we mentioned the larger items, because in reality there are some ups and downs. So the healthcare and events, and the media businesses did well, some of the advertising brands did well, some of the advertising brands did not do as well in North America. And then the branding and direct marketing businesses as well as PR had a down quarter in North America. So it was kind of a mix of a number of pluses and a number of minuses.
Peter Stabler: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Hi, thank you. John, maybe one for you and a quick housekeeping one for Phil. I know it's early, but as you're heading to the end of the year, can you talk about the tone from your large global clients? Are they getting more or less constructive in terms of the outlook? And I think you've talked about some challenges in certain end markets, has that changed? And then quickly for Phil, how are we thinking about the buyback business, slowing in the quarter, meaning 3Q suggest that there may be some potential M&A or is more just a timing issue?
John Wren: Well, I have to say every one of my major clients is because of their growth rates and purchase they have on their businesses are looking for innovation, change and simplicity. And so that is something we've been dealing with at a pace for the last several years, and I don't see any - I don't see that changing anytime soon. So we are required to change your businesses to make the more agile, to make the more responsive to the clients' needs. And in many cases, organize them in such a way that we eliminate the complexity of management of those combined businesses to individual client needs. I mean, one of the reasons is - many of the reasons we did the divestitures, we've done over the course of the last year, as we took a lookout three, five years these are still good businesses, but we didn't see them as part of our group making a positive contribution in years out. One the reasons you see us breaking up some of the categories we refer to, they're not small by any means, but to get craft leadership on top of them is to make our workforce in those particular areas more nimble, perhaps somebody that is only focused on transformation of businesses or first party data. And that's all they do, they don't also worry about outsourcing other things. They have all their time to go out and hunt for new business and new opportunities, and to change the portfolio of what they're responsible for. So it is more reflective of what the clients are saying today. So we're working on all these things, but we don't expect a break in the action for anybody to give us six months past to get the changes in place, we're doing this, as we are running the company.
Philip Angelastro: On the buyback question and M&A, I think you should expect us to take the same consistent approach in terms of our free cash flow. I think, as we approach the fourth quarter and look at 2018 from capital allocation perspective. I think, we've got a good M&A pipeline, some deals we've been look at for an extended period of time. But we are pretty disciplined about our process. And to the extent that we can find attractive deals that meet our strategic requirements, and are a good cultural fit, and we think we can integrate them well. And we can get them - we can get agreement on a reasonable - at a reasonable price, we're going to do those deals. We're ideally going to do more of those deals than less. And we're going to use the balance of the free cash flow to buy back shares. I think, in the fourth quarter, specifically, we're going to see what we can get close before year end, and adjust the buyback up or down as a result.
John Janedis: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. John, I think, with all said and done, you'll have sold assets this year or dispose of assets representing, I think about $500 million of revenue. When you look at your business going into 2018, particularly your earlier comments on CRM and PR, are there things you guys are considering that might not be strategic or may not help the portfolio longer term or do you feel like you've really pruned as much as you want at this point when you look at the landscape?
John Wren: I'd have to say, we're substantially done. We are - is a couple more small businesses that I get the right exit price for them, I'd let them go, but it won't have the kind of impact on the overall performance reported numbers that going through this year, first quarter of next year. But by and large, as I said, we are substantially done. We'll refocus more on - much more focused on acquisitions, as Phil said. And there's a number of them that look promising whether or not, as Phil said, we'll be able to complete them at prices and terms that make them part of the family. That's the remaining question, but we're working pretty hard, trying to close them by the end of the year.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. It's just the follow-up actually tying time sort of M&A to whatever is happening on the consultant front. I know for the most part you and your holding company peers have not seen any material impact on your business to date from the move by the Accentures and the IBMs of the world on organic growth. I'm just curious, if you're seeing them show up in the same deal flow around M&A, because it does seem like at least there is flowing capital on the acquisition side more and more?
John Wren: We're not really seeing them to any extent, I mean, they are big headlines, Three Monkeys in Australia, I looked at that five years ago, I think it has $26 million of revenue and it's in Australia. It makes a global headline, but it's not. But Australian companies are not seeing them in Australian pitches, I mean, [to put that way] [ph]. So they've got a lot of resources, they can do what they want, and we would never ever cut them short, or think that they could someday figure it out. I've heard the best idea from Accenture, if they want to do this type of - do what we do, they can come and offer to buy the best and the brightest of us.
Benjamin Swinburne: There you go. Okay. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Operator, I think given the market's going to open, we probably have time to just one more question.
Operator: Okay. The question comes from the line of Steven Cahall from Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Maybe just two for me. The first just on some industry verticals. I think, I've heard, when I was last in Europe that the customer products companies there had under-spent a little bit on their advertising in the first half of the year. And we're picking some of that up in the second half of the year. So I was wondering, you could comment at all on what you're seeing in the consumer staples market and if any of those sort of blue chip companies were seeing a positive inflection here in the back half of the year. And then also on the media business, you called that out a couple of times as a source of strength in your advertising business. I was wondering, if you could just discuss overall how big that is as a percentage of revenue of the company, and also what growth rate you're seeing in your media business. Thank you.
John Wren: It's rumored to your first question. When I was in Europe last week or week before, that - in speaking to a few CEOs that they will spend more principally through their cost cutting efforts and they don't want to lose more market share. And they're competing against new competitors just as almost every major businesses. So we're hoping that, that they turn the conversation into budgets. But until they do, we can't claim victory.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, in terms of the specifics around the media business, we don't go through and break out that in detail. I think the thing to keep in mind is that there has been a lot of change over the last few years, especially recently, and a lot of integration in media, traditional advertising and other parts of our business. You can see that in some of the wins we've recently had, take AT&T as an example. And, yeah, there are other parts of our businesses that have media as a component. Certain markets for example like Brazil, media is integrated with advertising, you can't have a standalone media business. I think overall though, the advertising discipline largely reflects a combination of our traditional advertising agencies and media businesses. And we're particularly happy with the investments we made starting seven or eight years ago in the Annalect platform that's helped drive some of the big wins we had over the last few years. And as we integrate that more and more into all of our disciplines, not just the traditional advertising businesses, we think it puts us in a really good position, competitively did to win more than our fair share of new businesses going forward.
John Wren: I think, Phil, summed it up earlier in a word, where our objective is a share of wallet. We want to service clients in their marketing needs as much as we can with the skills and the disciplines we have in the company irrespective of what silo they may be sitting in.
Steven Cahall: Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Okay. Thank you everybody for joining the call. We appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - VP, Investor Relations John Wren - President, CEO Philip Angelastro - EVP, CFO
Analysts: John Janedis - Jefferies Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Tim Nollen - Macquarie Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to your host for today’s conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2017 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we have posted on our Web site, www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our Web site. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You will find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will provide our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open-up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. I am pleased to speak to you this morning about our second quarter results. We had a solid second quarter. Organic growth was 3.5% in line with our expectations. We also met our margin targets for the quarter and remain on track to deliver 50 basis point margin improvement for the balance of the year. For the second quarter, EBITDA margin was 15.7% versus 15.2% last year. In the second quarter, total revenue was down 2.4% compared to the prior year. As we discussed on our last call, we had several dispositions during the past few quarters. As a result, net acquisition disposition revenue for the quarter was negative 4.4%. in addition, FX reduced revenue for the quarter by 1.5%. We don’t expect any additional significant dispositions in 2017. Excluding the impact of any future acquisitions, net acquisition disposition revenue will continue to be negative in the second half of the year. Phil will provide more details on this during his remarks. Geographically our results for the quarter were mixed. Outside North America we saw very strong growth across markets in Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East. Our total organic growth outside North America was 8.1%. In North America, organic growth was just 0.2% in the quarter. The quarter was drag down in large part by weak performances in our PR, shopper marketing and branding businesses. Branding business, which is largely project-based continue to struggle in the quarter. Although we have corrected some of the operational and management issues, we encountered and expect the business to begin to stabilize in the latter part of the year and move back into a growth mode. Our other operations were impacted mostly by client-specific events. These declines offset positive performances in other parts of our business. Turning to markets outside North America, the U.K grew a very healthy 9.3%. Our agencies in the U.K had solid results led by advertising and media, healthcare and shopper marketing. Organic growth in the rest of Europe was 7.8%. In Euro markets, Germany and France were in mid single digits, while Italy, Portugal, and Spain had double-digit growth. The Netherlands was the only noticeable exception to Euro regions strong performance. Outside the Euro markets, the Czech Republic, Poland, Russia, Sweden, and Switzerland had very positive results. Looking at Asia Pacific, second quarter organic growth was 7.1% led by Australia, India, and Japan. Latin America was up 5%. Operations in Mexico continue to outperform, while Brazil had negative growth after a positive first quarter. At this stage it is difficult for us to predict when performance in Brazil will consistently improve, but we remain cautiously optimistic. While the region is still relatively small, I should also point out that our agencies in the Middle East had another outstanding quarter. Looking at our bottom-line, EPS increased 2.9% to $1.40 per share for the quarter versus a $1.36 per share for the same quarter a year-ago. In the quarter, we generated $800 million in free cash flow and returned approximately $730 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our use of cash remains consistent with past practice, paying out dividend, pursuing accretive acquisitions, and repurchasing shares with the balance of our free cash flow. Our Board will be evaluating a dividend increase during our next meeting. Our cash flow, balance sheet, and liquidity remained very strong. Overall, I am pleased with our performance for the quarter and for the first half of the year. Let me now turn to how we are continually improving our organization and operations to address the changes that are affecting our industry. As I look across a broad range of industries, from consumer products to food and beverage, automotive, healthcare, telecom, energy, retail and financial services, each is undergoing major changes driven by advances in technology, changes in consumer behavior, and new disruptive competitors. Against this backdrop, we are ensuring that we are organized in a manner that allows our management people and agencies to affect change, act in a nimble and agile manner and to use the latest technologies available. To do so, Omnicom remains laser focused on our strategic priorities, growing and developing our talent with a focus on diversity, simplifying our service offerings through our new practice area and client matrix structure, making investments in our agencies and through acquisitions to expand our capabilities in digital data and analytics, and continuing to execute our operational efficiencies. On the talent front, our commitment to hiring and developing the best people is unwavering. The type of individuals we hire and the training programs we put in place are continually evolving. For the past 23 years, Omnicom University has focused on building the leadership muscle of our most senior leaders using Omnicom cases to address real-world challenges and opportunities in a -- our rapidly changing business. We have put thousands of students in Omnicom University programs and have written hundreds of Omnicom real-world cases. In addition to Omnicom University, we have many different training and development programs in place at our practice area groups. These programs ensure the people in our agencies continue to learn in advance their skills in this rapidly changing environment. In today's battle for talent, this isn't a nice to have, but a must. In the face of new technologies, fragmenting media and the explosive growth of consumer data, many clients are looking to simplify their agency relationships. To better address this need, we continue to evolve our organization with our practice area and client matrix structure. Practice areas are now in place for healthcare, PR, and national brand advertising, and planning is well underway for other areas. As a result, our agencies are increasingly working together in a network and fluid fashion. We are also organizing our agencies to best service clients in the manner in which they are organized. As an example, for AT&T, BBDO, Hearts and Science and other agencies have unified client leadership and our people are co-located in multiple offices. In the case of McDonald's we are unlimited as over a dozen Omnicom agencies collaborating with technology partners all in a single location based in Chicago. For Nissan, we again have multiple agencies from Omnicom working together across geographies, led by a dedicated global client leadership team that is a response to the clients desire to be more integrated and nimble. Underlying these multiple agency teams is the use of data and insights to inform creative content and deliver that content to consumers in the right place at the right time and in the proper context. AT&T, McDonald's and Nissan are just some of the many examples of how our people and agencies are aligned to meet the organizational and marketing needs of our clients. Our practice area and client matrix structure is also creating benefits through better sharing of expertise and knowledge, creating more career opportunities for our people, strengthening our new business development efforts, and leveraging our internal investments in the identification of acquisition opportunities. Most important, this structure is making us more agile and responsive, so that we can adjust quickly as our clients' needs change. I'm very pleased with the progress we've made to date through this matrix organization. I also want to point out that while many agencies are now part of new practice areas, consistent with Omnicom's philosophy, these agencies will continue to work as independent brands and businesses. Across our practice areas and portfolio of agencies, we continue to actively make investments and pursue partnerships to enhance our data digital and analytical capabilities as well as identify acquisitions that meet our strategic objectives. As an example, to arm our network of agencies with more data and analytical tools, Annalect recently launched an internal AI tool called AUBI. In simple terms it utilizes artificial intelligence to make Annalect's data and algorithms readily available to anyone with an Omnicom, from creative to media buyers [ph], to strategies and across all of our disciplines to quickly find data driven insights that matter to their clients. We also continue to be first movers in employing the latest media, technology, data, and e-commerce tools. We have more than a 100 partnership agreements with technology companies from the likes of Google and Facebook, to start up and nascent businesses in areas such as virtual reality and artificial intelligence. Our strategy is to use open standards and transparency to enable us to work with any clients technology and data preferences rather than betting on any specific platforms that may not be the best fit for our clients needs or that can become obsolete. On the acquisition front during the quarter, TBWA acquired mobile strategy in the Netherlands, a digital agency specializing in mobile e-commerce engagement and loyalty. At the conclusion of the quarter, Clemenger BBDO acquired Perceptive Group in New Zealand, an agency that specializes in customer experience, insight led strategy and data driven decision making. Operationally we continue to make very good progress on our real estate, information technology, back office, accounting services, and procurement initiatives. Through these programs we are enhancing our platforms, systems and controls, and driving cost improvements across the group. Overall, we're very satisfied with our progress on our strategic initiatives. And our investment and challenge along with our continuing efforts in data and analytics, creativity, collaboration and technology partnerships are paying off in terms of industry recognition. I am pleased to report that at this year's Cannes Lions Festival, Omnicom agency has continued their record of being the most creatively awarded in the industry. In total, a 152 Omnicom agencies, or nearly 360 lines from approximately 35 different countries across more than 20 communication disciplines. BBDO claim both network and agency of the year titles, following a record year with 19 agencies winning a 144 lines across 24 categories. It's the sixth time BBDO more than any other network has been named network of the year. Clemenger BBDO Melbourne was presented with the agency of the year title on the strength of winning 56 lines. And OMD was recognized as media network of the year after a strong performance across a broad spectrum of client categories in regions around the globe. I want to congratulate everyone who helped us win these awards. Finally as part of our Board refreshment process, Omnicom's Board of Directors appointed Gracia Martore as an independent director. Gracia's experience in business transformation, as well as running the nation's largest local media company, I think Cars.com will add great value to our Board. I'm thrilled to welcome her as our newest Board member. Gracia's appointment expands the Board to 13 Directors, a 11 of whom are independent. It also strengthens our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce starting from the top with Omnicom's Board of Directors now including six women and three African-Americans. In closing, we're pleased that our financial performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people and agencies. We've had a strong first half of the year and are well-positioned to deliver on our internal targets for the full-year 2017. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at second quarter results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. As John mentioned, Q2 was a solid quarter for our businesses. Our agencies continue to execute and deliver on the ever-changing marketing needs of our clients, as well as meeting the challenging financial and strategic goals that we set for them. Total revenue for the second quarter was $3.79 billion with organic revenue growth of 3.5%. Regarding FX, currency rates continue to be a negative drag on our revenue in the quarter although at lower levels than we saw last year. The largest negative driver continue to be the weakness of the British pound. Overall in the quarter the FX impact reduced revenue by 1.5% or about $57 million. As we mentioned during our Q1 call, as part of our ongoing evaluation of our portfolio of businesses, during the last few quarters we disposed several agencies, including those in the field marketing and events area, as well as our specialty print media business. These dispositions along with our acquisition activity over the past 12 months reduced our quarterly revenue by $172 million or 4.4%.I'll go into detail regarding our revenue changes in a few minutes. Looking at the income statement items below revenue, operating profit or EBIT for the quarter increased to $566 million with operating margin improving to 14.9%, 40 basis point margin improvement versus Q2 of last year. Q2 EBITDA increased as well to $594 million and the resulting EBITDA margin of 15.7% represents a 50 basis point increase over Q2 of last year. The main drivers of our margin improvement continue to be related to our continuing efforts to seek out opportunities to improve the operational efficiency of our businesses on a global basis. These efforts are focused on the areas of real estate, back office services, and procurement and to date have driven savings throughout the organization, as well as the positive impact on relative margins from the continuing evaluation of our portfolio of businesses which resulted in several dispositions, principally in the last several quarters. As we noted last quarter, for the balance of the year, we expect this disposition activity to negatively impact our reported revenue and EBIT dollars. And we also expect a modest benefit to our overall EBIT margins. Now turning to the items below operating profit. Net interest expense for the quarter was $45.3 million, up about $0.5 million versus Q2 of last year and up $5.7 million versus the first quarter of 2017, versus Q1 interest expense increased $3.3 million primarily driven by an increase in interest rates. All interest income decreased $2.4 million due to lower balances held by our treasury centers relative to Q1, which is typical for our working capital cycle, versus Q2 of last year the increase in interest expense of $2.5 million was primarily driven by the increase in rates on our commercial paper activity. This was substantially offset by an increase of $2 million in interest income earned by our foreign treasury centers. Turning to income tax expense. As a reminder, at the beginning of the year we were required to adopt ASU 2016-09, which changed the way income tax expense is recognized on share-based compensation under U.S GAAP. The new standard requires that the difference between the book tax expense and the cash tax reduction recorded on our tax return from share-based compensation be recorded to income tax expense. This difference is generated as a result of our stock price on the date of the award compared to the stock price on either the date that restricted stock vests or the date that stock options were exercised. For the second quarter, we recorded an additional tax benefit on share-based compensation of $2.3 million, which reduced our effective tax rate for Q2 2017 by 40 basis points. The standard requires prospective recognition and does not allow restatement of prior periods. Prior to the beginning of 2017, on the U.S GAAP this difference for us was recorded directly to equity and not to the P&L. As a result, our effective tax rate for Q2 was 32% and the year-to-date tax rate was 30.8%. Excluding the benefit from the adoption of the new accounting standard, our year-to-date effective tax rate would have been 32.5% which is a little lower than last year's rate of 32.6% and is in line with our expected full-year 2017 tax rate. Earnings from our affiliates were $1.6 million during the second quarter, down $1.2 million from $2.8 million in Q2 of 2016, and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries increased 700,000, $26.5 million. There was no single notable driver of these changes and FX did not have a significant impact on these amounts. As a result of the previously mentioned items, our reported net income for the quarter increased to $328.6 million, up $2.5 million or just under 1% when compared to last year. Turning to the calculation of earnings per share on Slide 2, net income available for common shareholders for the quarter was $328.1 million. Our diluted share count for the quarter was $234 million, down 2.1% versus last year as a result of net share repurchases made over the past 12 months. And as a result, our reported diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.40, up $0.04 or 2.9% versus diluted EPS of $1.36 from Q2 of last year. For Q2, 2017, the impact of the new accounting standard increased our diluted EPS by about a penny. Just as a reminder, as we said last quarter regarding the impact of the new accounting standard that we were required to adopt in 2017, because the final income tax benefit is based on Omnicom's share price at the future vesting date for restricted stock and at the exercise date for stock options. It is not possible to estimate with any degree of certainty the impact the new accounting pronouncement will have on our income tax rate, our net income, or our diluted EPS for the full-year. Please note that in future periods this impact could be positive or negative based on movements in our stock price. For 2017, the bulk of our share based awards are restricted stock vested in the first quarter and as a result the impact in the second half of the year is expected to be less than the first half's impact. On Slide 3 and 4, we provide the summary P&L, EPS, and other information for the year-to-date. I will just give you a few highlights. While organic revenue growth was 3.9% during the first six months of the year, the FX headwind reduced revenue by 1.3%. The net impact of acquisitions and dispositions reduced revenue by 2.7%. For the year-to-date period revenue totaled $7.38 billion, a slight decrease when compared to the first six months of 2016. EBIT increased 2.3% to $975.5 million or EBITDA totaled just over $1 billion. As a result of the cost savings initiatives we've mentioned over the last several calls, both our EBITDA and operating margins have increased 30 basis points on a year-to-date basis compared to last year. And on Slide 4, you can see our six month diluted EPS. It was $2.42 per share, which is up $0.17 or 7.6% versus 2016. Turning to Slide 5, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. During the quarter, the negative impact from FX was 1.5% or $57 million. As has been the case since the Brexit vote in June of 2016, British pound continued to be the major driver of the FX weakness. On a standalone reported basis, the pounds decline reduced our revenue by $43 million in the second quarter. For the second quarter on a reported basis, we also saw the dollar strengthened against the euro, the Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, the Japanese yen, and the Turkish lira. However, the dollar weakened against the Brazilian real, the Indian rupee, the South African rand, and the Russian ruble. Currencies stay where they currently are based on our most recent projections. The net impact of FX is expected to be slightly negative for the third quarter of 2017 and positive 0.0125% for the fourth quarter. However, for the full-year we are still anticipating the FX impact to be negative by approximately 30 or 40 basis points. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions resulted in a decrease to revenue of $172.1 million in the quarter or 4.4%. As planned and as we have discussed, we completed several dispositions in the past few quarters including the disposition in early April of Novus, our specialty print media business, which operated in both the U.S and Canadian markets. While we will continue to evaluate our portfolio of businesses on a continuous basis, we do not expect to complete any meaningful dispositions during the second half of 2017. On the acquisition side, TBWA closed on the acquisition of the majority interest in Mobile Strategy, an Amsterdam-based digital agency and we continue to cycle through the impact of acquisitions that closed during the previous 12 months, including in the U.S., the U.K., Colombia, and Switzerland. The current expectations or the impact of our completed disposition activity net of the acquisitions completed through June will reduce revenue by approximately 5.5% in the third quarter, approximately 4.5% in the fourth quarter, and as a result by approximately 4% for the year. Organic growth was positive $135 million 3.5% this quarter. Some highlights of our growth this quarter include geographically each of our regions had positive organic growth in the quarter. And similar to Q1, we saw our strongest organic revenue performance in the U.K., Continental Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. Our media businesses including PhD and Hearts and Science continue to perform very well as did some of our advertising agency brands. This performance was partially offset by the effect of some recent losses by OMD. And Omnicom healthcare group led by the performance of its agencies outside the U.S had another strong quarter. And our events business also performed well in the quarter. On Slide 6, we present our regional mix of business. And you can see during the second quarter the split was 57% for North America, 9% for the U.K., 18% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia-Pacific, 3% for Latin America, and 2% for Africa and Middle East. Turning to the details of the performance by region on Slide 7. In North America, organic revenue growth was up slightly by 0.25%, primarily by declines in the quarter in our branding, PR, and shopper marketing businesses, which were offset positive performances in some of our other CRM businesses. In the U.K., we continue to see excellent performances by our agencies across all of our disciplines with organic growth just over 9%. The rest of Europe was up just under 8% organically for the quarter. Within the Euro zone, we continue to see solid performances from our agencies in Germany and in Spain. We also saw strong performance by our agencies in Italy, Ireland, and Portugal. France's improvement continued with organic growth this quarter just over 5%, while the Netherlands continue to lag with negative growth in the quarter. Growth in Europe, outside the Euro zone, was strong across most markets. The Asia-Pacific region was up just over 7% with organic growth well dispersed across most of our major markets and disciplines in the region, including in Australia, India, and Japan. Latin America had positive organic growth of 5% for the quarter. After a solid performance in Q1, Brazil experienced negative organic growth in the second quarter. Although the environment is still challenging and we can't be certain about when that may change, we're cautiously optimistic about the future prospects for our agencies there. Elsewhere in the region outside of Brazil, our agencies in Mexico and Colombia continued their strong performance. And finally, Africa and the Middle East, which is our smallest region, had a strong performance again in the quarter. Slide 8 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the quarter, the split was 53% for advertising services and 47% for marketing services. As for their organic growth performance, our advertising discipline was up 4.2%. Growth continues to be led by our media businesses, particularly by our international agencies, as well as solid performances from certain of our full-service advertising agencies. DRM was up 3.7% for the quarter, but we continue to see mixed results across our businesses. DRM was positive organically this quarter in all of our regions. Within CRM, our events, point-of-sale, and digital direct agencies delivered strong performances this quarter, while our branding agencies were down again. PR was slightly negative this quarter and specialty communications was up 2.2% organically. The performance of our healthcare agencies, especially internationally was partially offset by our other specialty marketing agencies. Turning to Slide 9, we present our mix of revenue by our clients' industry sector and comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2017, 2016, you can see there were no major shifts in the percentages each industry contributed towards our total. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 10, you can see that in the first six months of the year we generated nearly $800 million of free cash flow, including changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 11, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $261 million. The year-over-year change reflects the effects of the 10% increase in the quarterly dividend that was approved last year, which was partially offset by the reduction in shares outstanding due to our repurchase activity. Dividends paid to our noncontrolling interest shareholders totaled $67 million. Capital expenditures were $68 million. While we've seen a decrease in CapEx, we've also seen a planned uptick in activity in our leasing programs, while on total basis our capital spend is relatively flat versus last year. Acquisitions including earn out payments and net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $73 million. And stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $468 billion. All-in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $140 million during the first half of the year. Turning to Slide 12, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt at June 30 was $4.9 billion. This is down about $85 million from this time last year. This change is primarily driven by the decrease in the non-cash fair value of our debt of about $75 million over the past year, which is directly related to an offset by the non-cash changes in the fair value of the respective interest rate swaps on our debt, as well as additional non-cash amortization impacting the carrying value of our debt as required on the U.S GAAP. Net debt at the end of June was just under $3.1 billion, an increase of about $1.15 billion since the beginning of the year. This resulted from the use of working capital that normally occurs in the first half of the year, which was approximately $1.1 billion, as well as the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of approximately $140 million. These increases in net debt were partially offset by the effect of exchange rates on cash over the past six months, which increased our cash balance by about $130 million. As for our ratios, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.1x, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.3x. And due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased to 10.8x, but remains very strong. Turning to Slide 13, we continue to manage and build the Company through a combination of development initiatives and reasonably priced acquisitions. In the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio improved to 19.9%, while our return on equity increased to 51.8%. And finally on Slide 14, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 plus years. The line on the top of the chart, those are cumulative net income from the beginning of 2007 to June 30 of 2017, which totaled $10.5 billion. While the bar shows the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both net share repurchases and dividend, which during the same period totaled $11.2 billion, all resulting in a cumulative payout ratio of 107% since the beginning of 2007. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we've included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of John Janedis representing Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Hi, thank you. John, you’ve been through a few cycles. From what you see, do you view the U.S as being on maybe the slower side of the cycle or is there something emerging here, given that the headlines around competition in the technology?
John Wren: Thanks. Well, there are -- where our domestic revenue is muted this year, but this time -- at this time, especially for the quarter were really in three principal businesses in -- and for the most part the project businesses. First, I will do branding, where we have just completed a management change, where we had an executive leave us in January and it was very difficult to replace him. And that executive and some of his colleagues who left us were really the people who were selling the product. So we -- it was a setback. It was a management problem. I think we solved the problem at this point. Second area is kind of in shopper marketing. There was two things that have happened there. In one instance, a very large client that's -- that will be competitive with AT&T after the Time Warner merger is completed was uncomfortable being in the same holding company, so they tossed -- they quit using that that shopper marketing company. And I'd say that the projects associated with some of the things which would have happened in the past have shifted a little bit, because of the difficulty that the retailers are going through. We will cycle through those problems and changing our product to be more adaptive to the current environment. And the third area was in PR, which was domestically down across the board, principally from projects not being executed. If you were to put 2% growth, which is what our hope and expectation was for the domestic business, that would have been an incremental $35 million to $40 million worth of revenue. Those three operations drag down strong performances in some of our other areas to get us to the net 0.25%. We are unhappy with it. We’ve forensically identified it and we’re taking actions to do something about it. So it's that not necessarily all the current chatter of competition from consulting firms. We are not really seeing them in the pitches that we are engaged with. I don’t know if that answers your question.
John Janedis: Yes, that’s helpful. Thanks. And then maybe on a related topic then, now if you could kind of call that retail, but as you know some of those categories maybe retail CPG, they would seem to be under pressure maybe for -- or maybe I don’t know couple or few quarters, at least here in the U.S. Are the things within your control to mitigate the impact? And maybe to what extent you see an opportunity to gain share of wallet?
John Wren: Sure. Globally our CPG business is probably about 10% of our revenue and it's pretty -- which is when compared to our competitors probably a small percentage as we were always the smaller player. We've seen pressure as they've been under pressure in their operations. We've also seen pressure as a result of some of the divestitures that won very large companies going through. So we are trying to mitigate. We're trying to become more useful and meaningful to those clients. We have won some recent assignments, which are not yet reflected in revenue, because of the quality of our work. But I think when your client suffers, you suffer along with them a bit.
John Janedis: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. John, thank you for all that color on the weakness in the CRM business. If I could just follow-up with a sort of clarifying question. I know the sales marketing has been a drag, you would highlighted in previous quarters and I understand you divested most of those or at least the businesses you had highlighted to divest. And we didn’t yet see any kind of benefit or any kind of improvement in the U.S organic following those divestitures. Is it because the delta like PR got worse or branding still got worse that kind of offset the benefit of not having those field marketing. I’m just trying to see why we didn't see a little bit of an improvement following those divestitures?
John Wren: You know we had field marketing in the first quarter, we still owned it. It did provide a drag to our organic revenue.
Philip Angelastro: But in the U.S field marketing actually isn't that -- we never had that big of a presence in the U.S. The businesses that the primary dispositions happened outside the U.S and we still do own a business that's largely European-based and we are certainly not out of the business entirely. So the business we’ve European business we have -- is doing fine, but it is a challenging segment and we certainly spent a lot of time focused on that -- on that area.
John Wren: Yes, the biggest business we disposed of in the United States was the print media business. And we disposed of it not because it was hurting us from an organic growth basis -- on a current basis, but we saw a very dark future for the needs that company -- the services that company provided. And so we took the decision that while it was still viable to sell it on to management who would have more flexibility in trying to run it and expanded services and that's what we actually did. So there was -- not a different reason other than just a quarterly organic growth calculation for motivating that disposition.
Alexia Quadrani: I guess that Phil, maybe it would be helpful, do you have a number of what organic growth would look like in the second quarter exit of exodus position in the U.S., just to give us a sense if they were impactful at all. And then -- and John, maybe just a follow-up on the strength that you’ve seen recently in Europe and the U.K., is that a real sort of healthier underlying growth in the market or is it really these mix business and the fact you’re gaining share? Just trying to get a sense of how sustainable that very healthy growth you’re seeing in Europe is going to be?
John Wren: Sure. Well, some of it is directly attributable to client wins like Volkswagen and brands Fiat in addition to the Volkswagen media. So there was a great deal of effort and a great deal of revenue associated with those taking over that account. Otherwise, in the U.K., we have some of the most excellent brands in the world -- in the U.K., and we’ve been taking a little -- we’ve been taking share that’s contributing to the growth and it depends on the month you go there. From a business confidence point of view even as they muddle through Brexit, the Europeans are more positive about their governments and what their future is, then I'm hearing in the United States I tried not to focus on the United States in my prepared remarks, but all the nonsense that’s been gridlocked that goes on in Washington does cause CEOs in the U.S to cut back on investments that they make. So Europe has been very strong for a few quarters for us and so we don't see that changing near-term.
Philip Angelastro: Just to try and touch on your earlier question, Alexi, we don't really do a pro forma of what are our organic growth would have been, had we not done the dispositions were, what the impact would have been otherwise. I’m not sure if that answers your question, but …
Alexia Quadrani: I guess so. Without giving us the number, what you have said the dispositions helped organic growth or hurt organic growth in the quarter?
Philip Angelastro: I think they might have been neutral to help slightly had we not done those dispositions, yes.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. Thank you. Kind of a high-level question for John. You know we’ve long believed that creating assets for digital campaigns and spending digital media dollars has been more labor-intensive and thus kind of generally accretive to the agency model, really the complexity is our friend argument. Do you think that these inefficiencies have been running out of the system at this point and kind of move the digital now be looked at as a way to not just be more effective, but also a way to save money for clients? It seems that some large CPG companies are telling their investors that digital marketing is a path to cost savings? Then I got a quick follow-up for Phil. Thanks.
John Wren: I -- my guess would be theoretically at some point in the future, there will be truth to that. I don't think it's the immediate situation. There is still a lot of controversy going on around brand safety where your message is going to appear where it’s running on the YouTube or somewhere else. And the testing that we've done and marketers have done indicates that there are still challenges there, and we believe that those challenges will get resolved over a period of time, but they’re not -- we’re not finished with all that at this point. Automation AI, all that as you go into the future is going to change the cost equation and better targeting as it happens allows you to do different things. But we're still in the very, very early stages of gaining nirvana.
Peter Stabler: And then, Phil, is it possible to estimate what percent of total company revenues are project-based and not tied to AOR contracts or regular recurring fees?
Philip Angelastro: I imagine it's possible. We just don't collect the data in that fashion. And when you get down to individual client contracts, individual change orders, individual projects, it's pretty challenging to cut it that way and we’re not focused on it at that level of detail to kind of say X percent of the business is project-based. I think certainly some of the businesses we have are much more project-based than others. So we've pretty good sense of that. We don't have those -- I don’t have those numbers off top of my head though, but we don’t exactly cut it up that way.
Peter Stabler: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Good morning. Thanks. A few questions. I guess, first your sense John on the U.S economy here, is that a drag on your business right now or do you play nearly a 100% of it, with flat growth in the U.S and branding shoppers and then the PR businesses? I asked that just given the slow, I guess, 0.7% real GDP growth in the first quarter we will see here shortly, what happened in the second quarter, but it is the U.S economy slowing at all versus given what you’re seeing from the clients?
John Wren: It certainly feels that way, but I don't have the empirical data to confirm it for you. There was, I guess, the Trump bump and that has waned a little bit as that old gridlock that you had in the capital and the simple thing is that they said they were going to focus on -- and the difficult things they said they were going to focus on haven't really materialized. And I think depending on the industry that you’re in, you’re seeing different challenges. If you’re in the retail industry, you’re seeing a set of challenges, because you’re getting disrupted by new competitors. If you're in food and beverage business, there are different challenges. All these without clarity on regulation and where the governments moving cause people just to not invest more than they know that they can get an immediate return on. There is nobody who can look out two or three years at this point, they would certainly that they’re going to know what tax policy is, but healthcare costs are going to be. And so, I think it causes many companies to cause in terms of the investments that they're trying to make, and advertising and marketing is part of what suffers along with other businesses as that occurs. Now in our particular case, I can claim that that influenced some of why we didn't perform to the level we wanted to, but it won't be so bold, I will take it on us, because these are things that we can remedy. We’ve identified where the issues are, but we didn’t identify them soon enough from my perspective, but we're working on them now. So the combination of all that, but I am optimistic we will crack this and crack them pretty soon.
Craig Huber: This might be tough to answer, but in the U.S your branding shopper and PR businesses, what is your sense on when that shortfall in the operations there sort of annualized? I mean, what is your best sense when your North American operations may pick up here?
John Wren: I’m very hopeful that they start to pick up certainly by the fourth quarter and hopefully in the third. You know in branding I’m fairly confident with new leadership. There is a period of time that you go through to get the projects and the assignments, but we’ve people working on that. In case of shopper marketing, half of the setback was because just one client didn't want to be in the same family after we won the AT&T and supposedly AT&T Time Warner business, because they felt uncomfortable not because of anything AT&T said to us. We will cycle through that. And in PR what we're doing is adjusting some of the leadership we -- typically you can take our people and you see that we have hunters and farmers, sometimes we get too many farmers in a place. We got to grab a few new hunters to start the place up. So these are all actionable areas. I can't promise you the day or the week that it's going to get fixed, but it's been identified and there are people working on it currently.
Philip Angelastro: Certainly though -- overall our expectations for the year haven't changed. We still expect growth to be in the range of 3%, 3.5%. And as we sit here today and we look out they pass the third quarter into the fourth quarter, we got the typical amount of -- we had a little bit of lack of visibility into the fourth quarter as we always do. But in terms of the overall expectations they haven't changed.
John Wren: But we’re drilling down into regions and its very important to us, but I would remind you that the way Omnicom is built, it was built with the services, diverse number of services across its many geographies so that as a result of what you see this quarter when one region isn't performing we’ve been able to compensate it with growth that we've seen in other regions with the intention in the design of the company and the constant revisions that we make in the company. So -- yes, what I feel better if I had 2% growth in North America which yielded 3.5%, 3.7% growth overall, I think everybody would be relaxed that’s on this call. But because of the way it is -- but the system was designed to generate consistent growth and we're pointing out some of the [technical difficulty].
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you, Phil, John.
John Wren: Okay.
Operator: And next we will go to line of Tim Nollen representing Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Well, thanks. If we look at your first half performance, I think the organic growth was around about 4% and I think you're saying -- you said early this year expect something like 3% organic for full-year. There is quite a disparity between the U.S kind of 0 to 1 and the rest of the world very high single digits. I heard your comments have hopefully U.S in those specific areas improving by Q4, and I think you said Europe remains quite strong. So are you remaining somewhat conservative on the overall 3% figure for the year or is there some kind of a rebalancing with maybe U.S picking up offset by maybe Europe and Asia-Pacific slowing in the second half. How should we think about the breakout between the two for the end of the year?
John Wren: I think you should just think that we remain cautiously optimistic, but conservative. And our internal targets probably exceed with our overall public confidence.
Philip Angelastro: We will take the growth wherever we can get it.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Thanks. Can I ask one more question, a broader question on the U.S media market. In general, it looks like we had quite a strong TV upfront or maybe bit stronger than some people were expecting. It also seems like digital growth if you look at Facebook, YouTube etcetera, etcetera, there are revenues seem to be still quite strong. Is there decent hope for maybe some second half being a bit better overall, give that back drop because the two by far dominant media looked to be doing quite well and why shouldn't we look to a better growth rate in the second half in the U.S?
John Wren: You know what in speaking to our media people, so this isn't as far all the response as you want to that question. We saw the forecasts for the upfront budgets go up somewhere between 3% to 5%, but it's a -- what it is when compared to the prior year is they pulled forward out of last year's -- last year they were lower and went into the scatter market. They were kind of disappointed with the inventory that was there. So this year, they went into the upfront wanting to lock in the programming that they saw. So that that's our sense. So it's more of a movement of upfront and probably a weaker scatter market in the back half of this year. In terms of some other things I think because of the brand safety and some of the other issues, money that would have been diverted and gone into video, many large advertisers held back a bit in their commitments in that area. And then when you look at the pricing, the audience continues to erode and pricing has stayed high and that's why you’re seeing higher pricing. So you should see mid to high single-digit increases as this rolls out, I would say.
Tim Nollen: Okay. But the things I’m talking about --- I hear what you’re saying on some of the brand safety issues and I guess probably some measurement issues for digital media is well, but I'm guessing when we numbers from Google etcetera, this season, they will be looking pretty good. So the thing to say, I guess, digital remain quite strong, right? So it's a decent set up it looks like in terms of U.S media for the second half. I hear what you’re thinking in the upfront not being blow out, but on balance it seems kind of okay, no?
John Wren: It would be hard to -- I can't bet how Google and Facebook nor Amazon or so I agree with you in that respect.
Tim Nollen: Okay, thanks.
Philip Angelastro: I think we’ve time for just one more call operator before the markets open.
Operator: Okay. Our final question today will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. John, could you talk a little bit about shopper marketing's role long-term and just generally how you’re thinking about sort of what Amazon is doing in the retail landscape to a lot of your clients and there has been some debate I think between yourselves and other holding companies about sort of how relevant and important those kinds of marketing services are long-term and just thinking about how you position your portfolio? And then, Phil, I’m just wondering if you could come back to capital allocation. You guys had a pretty big buyback number in the quarter, nice first half just sticking should we be sort of taking about the second half buyback level similar to the first half and then I think John intimated that there is a dividend discussion coming up at the Board meeting. So maybe you just round that out, it sounds like we may be getting some nice return of capital numbers this year. Just any comments on that would be great?
John Wren: First Amazon, it's an incredible company. And I think it's changing the attitudes of how retail is done and they’re also fearless in their exploration of doing retail in different ways. I think it changes the landscape considerably from just a few years ago in terms of taxes, thoughts, services, and the -- that the shopper marketing companies that we have will provide. A lot of what shopper marketing for us is sitting in strategically planning with major advertisers, how they’re going to go to market and how they’re going to attract consumer either by someone putting in a basket for Amazon or Walmart's online services and different approaches in need. So it's gone from a business that a few years ago had probably an equal number of thinkers to doers to primarily thinkers who are sitting down and strategically planning with their clients how they’re going to move their products. So the business has changed, but the business and the expertise is still terribly important.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: On the capital allocation front, I think you see a little bit of an increase in buybacks certainly year-over-year. Our acquisition spending during that same period, first six months of '17 versus '16 is down as well. The mix of the two are not as different as just looking at the buyback number this year versus last year. I think you can expect to see us be consistent in terms of our approach in our policy. John did refer to dividend being on Board's agenda at its next meeting. And as soon as that happens we will certainly let everybody know. Of course buybacks in the second half I think depending on what acquisitions we're able to close, that’s largely going to drive whether there is an increase in the second half versus last year second half.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, both.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. Thank you all for joining the call.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President, Investor Relations John Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer Philip Angelastro - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Julien Roch - Barclays Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Tim Nollen – Macquarie John Janedis – Jefferies
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce to your host for today’s conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2017 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we have posted on our website, www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You will find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will provide our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. I am pleased to speak to you this morning about our first quarter results. We’re off to a very good start. Revenue increased by 2.5% to almost $3.6 billion. Organic revenue growth for the first quarter was 4.4%. Currency headwinds continued to be a drag on our topline and reduced revenue growth by 1.2%. Our EBITDA margins met our expectations and increased by 30 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2016. While our revenue growth exceeded our internal targets for the quarter, we remained cautious as numerous geopolitical and macroeconomic events remain unresolved. In the U.S. it is still isn’t clear on how legislation in several major areas including the budget, tax reform, infrastructure spending and healthcare could impact the economy, and the U.S.’s relationship with several key international trading partners is also being tested by the new administration. In Europe, the combination of Brexit and the upcoming general elections in France and Germany may lead to policy shifts in those countries. In Asia and the Middle East, the situation in North Korea is increasingly unsettling and the crisis in Syria continues to destabilize both the Middle East and Europe. In the face of these macro events, Omnicom’s agencies remain focussed on the things they can control, developing their talents, delivering results for their clients and driving improvement in their financial results. Our performance in the quarter once again demonstrates the consistency and diversity of our operations, the strong competitive position that our agencies have across the spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines in key geographic markets and our digital data and analytical expertise and the success of our strategy in this area. Before I cover our performance by region, I’d like to address our ongoing evaluation of our portfolio of companies which we addressed on our year end call in February. We continue to evaluate our portfolio of businesses to ensure they strategically align with our goals. As a result of this process, during the last several months, we disposed over a number of field marketing events and other non-core operations which did not fit our long term goals. At the beginning of April, we also disposed the majority stake in the legacy print media business which operates in the Unites States and Canada. As a result of these dispositions and considering the acquisitions we have completed to date, we expect disposition revenue to exceed acquisition revenue for the full year 2017. More specifically, we expect negative net disposition revenue to be between 3.5% to 4.5% for the year. The elimination of these businesses from our portfolio should result in an EBITDA margin increase of an additional 20 basis points for the remainder of 2017. At this point, although we continue to evaluate our portfolio of businesses we expect that our disposition activity for 2017 is substantially complete and we do not expect any additional significant dispositions this year. We will continue to focus on our strategy of making internal investments and finding accretive acquisitions that further strengthen our core capabilities. Turning now to our organic revenue growth by region. North America was up just over 1%. We benefitted from positive performances at our traditional advertising and media agencies as well as our digital CRM businesses. However, this was offset by declines at our events, field marketing and branding businesses. The U.K. grew at a very healthy 8% with solid performances across all of our disciplines. In Europe we experienced strong growth of 8.2% with almost all of the countries across the continent performing well. Looking at Asia Pacific, first quarter organic growth was 9% similar to Europe the results in Asia were strong in most countries with Australia, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Korea and New Zealand all contributing significantly to the growth in the region. Latin America was up 5.4%, our operations in Mexico continue to outperform and Brazil returned to positive growth although it was in the low single digits. As compared to the prior year, our EBITDA for the quarter increased $19.9 million or 4.7% to $440.3 million. EBITDA margins increased to 12.3% versus 12% in the first quarter of 2016. Net income available for common shares for the first quarter increased $24.4 million or 11.2% to $241.3 million. The results were positively affected by the adoption of a new accounting pronouncement related to accounting for tax benefits on stock based compensation. Phil can better explain this to you later. The combined result was an increase in EPS of 13.3% to $1.02 a share for the quarter versus $0.90 per share for the same quarter a year ago. For the first three months of 2017 we generated $355 million in free cash flow and returned approximately $360 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our cash flow balance sheet and liquidity remained very strong. Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter results. It’s only been two months since our last conference call and our focus has been to continue to execute against the goals we laid out in February, expanding our talent facing capabilities, simplifying our service offerings through our new practise area and client matrix structure, making investments in our agencies and through acquisitions and driving efficiencies throughout our organization. The goal of our individual practise areas together with our global client group is to deliver to clients the industry’s best talent and continuous innovation by better targeting our internal investments and fostering collaborations. Our efforts in this area are driven through both formal and informal practises that preserve the individuality and culture of our agency brands while delivering customized connected solutions. You can expect further developments on these initiatives throughout 2017. On the acquisition front in the first quarter, TBWA acquired a majority stake in Lucky Generals; one of the leading independent creative agencies in the U.K. Lucky Generals has been shortlisted for campaigns, agency of the year for the last two years and has a superb management team. We are thrilled to have them join the group and I’m certain that it will make a significant contribution to TBWA. Our operational efficiency programs in areas such as real estate, information technology, back office accounting services and procurement continue to take effect. Through these programs we are enhancing our platform systems and controls and driving cost improvements across the group. Overall, we are very satisfied with the progress on our strategic initiatives and our financial performance in the first quarter. While there are three quarters to go, right now we feel good about our ability to deliver on our 2017 full year organic growth target of 3% to 3.5% and a 50 basis point EBITDA margin improvement. Turning now to our people, our belief and investment in town [ph] data and analytics creativity and collaboration are paying off in terms of industry recognition. Let me just highlight a few. For the 11th straight year, OMD topped the Gunn [ph] report for media. For the first time ever, a single holding company won two Adweek Media Agency of the year titles. As PHD won the Global category and Hearts & Science won breakthrough agency. BBDO topped the WARC 100 ranking as the most strategic networks in the world and Adam & Eve/DDB was the highest ranking creative agency. I want to congratulate everyone that have helped win these awards and drive our business everyday. Your talent is a great reflection on Omnicom and your hardwork is appreciated. Omnicom’s ability to win awards relies on talent and for us that means a diverse workforce. We recognize that a diverse group of people will create a stronger culture, perform at a higher level and will be better at developing meaningful insights in creative content. That’s why we continue to push hard on our diversity initiatives. Last quarter, Omni women celebrated International Women’s Day by launching four new chapters, in Canada, France, Germany and the UAE bringing the total number of regional chapters to more than ten. In the three short years since Omni women was launched, I am delighted by how influential and successful the organization has been in promoting diversity and we are seeing the benefits across all aspects of our business. Finally, as many of you may recall in 2016 Omnicom took meaningful steps on our board refreshment process with the on boarding of exceptional candidates who bring a wealth of experience and fresh perspectives. I’m happy to report that our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce starts to comp with Omnicom’s independent board of directors now including five women and three men already members. Sadly, long serving board member Mike A. Henning will be stepping down from the board in May. We would like to recognize Mike and extend our thanks to him for his outstanding leadership, dedication and loyalty to Omnicom over the years. The board expects to continue to add new additional members over the next several years. In closing, we are pleased that our performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people and agencies. We are off to a strong start to the year and well positioned to deliver on our internal targets. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the first quarter results.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John and good morning. As John said Q1 was a good quarter. Our agencies performed well in meeting the objectives of their clients and the financial and strategic goals we set for them. Total revenue for the quarter was just under $3.6 billion, an increase of 2.5% versus Q1 of 2016. Our organic revenue growth for the quarter was 4.4%. Regarding FX, the negative impact of currency rates was lower in Q1 than we have experienced recently. On a reported basis, while we continue to be negatively impacted by the weakening of the British Pound, the FX impact our other major currency was mixed. For the first quarter, the FX impact reduced revenue by 1.2% or about $41 million. As we have discussed previously, we continue to evaluate our portfolio of businesses to ensure they align with our strategies, and over the past several months, we have disposed off several entities that do not fit our strategic long term goals. This is reflected in the negative impact on revenue from our disposition activity through March 31st, which exceeded our acquisition revenue in the quarter reducing revenue by $24 million or 7 basis points. I’ll go into further detail regarding our revenue growth and our acquisition and disposition activity later in the presentation. Looking at the rest of the income statement, operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 4.5% to $410 million. With operating margin improving to 11.4%, a 20 basis point margin improvement versus Q1 of last year. Q1 EBITDA increased 4.7% to $440 million, and the resulting EBITDA margin of 12.3% represents a 30 basis point increase over Q1 of last year. And our operational efficiency programs focussed on the areas of real estate, back office services and procurement continue to be primary drivers of our margin improvement. Now turning to the items below operating income. Net interest for the quarter was $39.6 million down $0.5 million versus Q1 of last year and down $600,000 versus the fourth quarter of 2016. Gross interest expense was $53.5 million an increase of $3.2 million versus Q1 of last year and an increase of $1.3 million versus Q4 of 2016. The increases were due to the reduced benefit from our fixed to floating interest rates swaps and higher interest rates have decreased the benefit on the floating like of our swaps as well as additional interest expense on our future earn out obligations. Interest income this quarter was higher when compared to Q1 a year ago, resulting from higher cash balances held by anti national treasury centers when compared to last year, as well as an increase in interest rates on those deposits versus the rates we earned during Q1 of 2016. Additionally, interest income from our international treasury centers was higher in the first quarter of 2017 when compared to Q4 of 2016. Although as expected, we saw our cash balances decrease in Q1 compared to year end, an increase in interest rates helped offset any reductions. As you may be aware on January 1st, we were required to adopt ASU 2016-09 which changed the way income tax expenses recognized on share based compensation under U.S. GAAP. The new standard requires that the difference between the book tax expense and the cash tax deduction recorded on our tax return from share based compensation we recorded to income tax expense. This difference is generated as a result of our stock price on the date of the award, compared to the stock price on the date that restricted stock vest, on the date that stock options were exercised. For the first quarter, we recorded an additional tax benefit on share based compensation of 12.4 million which reduced our effected tax rate for Q1 2017 by 3.3%. The standard requires prospect of recognition and does not allow restatement of prior periods. Previously, under GAAP this difference for us was recorded directly to equity and not to the P&L. As a result, our effective tax rate for Q1 was 29.2%. Excluding the benefit from the adoption of the new accounting standard, our effective tax rate would have been 32.5%, which is slightly lower than last year’s rate of 32.8% and in line with our expectations regarding our full year 2017 tax rate. Earnings from our affiliates were marginally positive during the first quarter, and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries increased $2.7 million, $20.6 million from $17.9 million mainly the result of improved performance at our less than fully owned subsidiaries versus the first quarter of last year. Including the benefit to income tax expense from adopting the new accounting standard, our reported net income for the quarter was $241.8 million an increase of 10.7% compared to last year. Excluding the benefit to income tax expense, our net income would have been $229.4 million, an increase of 5% versus Q1 of last year. Now turning to slide two, the reported net income available for common shareholders for the quarter was $241.3 million, and our diluted shares for the quarter were $236.5 million down 1.9% versus last year resulting from net share repurchases. As a result, our reported diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.02, up $0.12 or 13.3% versus diluted EPS of $0.90 from Q1 of last year. The impact of the new accounting standard increased our diluted EPS by $0.05. Excluding the impact of the additional tax benefit under the new accounting standard, diluted EPS would have been $0.97, which when compared to Q1 of last year is an increase of $0.07 a share or 7.8%. An additional point regarding our new accounting standard that we were required to adopt is the final income tax benefit is based on Omnicom’s share price at the future vesting date for restricted stock and at the exercise date for stock options is not possible to estimate with any certainty the impact of the new accounting pronouncement for our income tax rate or our net income or our diluted EPS for the full year. However, in 2017 the bulk of our share based awards for restricted stock vested in the first quarter therefore including the impact of any stock option exercises our stock price remains in the range it was during the first quarter. We expect any additional tax benefits for the remainder of the year to be approximately half of the benefit that was included in our Q1 results. Turning to slide three, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. During the quarter, the negative impact from FX was lower than it has in quite some time. As said previously, the British pound continued weakness we've seen since the Brexit vote last June. On its own the FX impact of the pounds decline reduced our revenue by nearly $50 million in the first quarter. While with our other major currencies we've seen some volatility in rates since the November elections. For the quarter they netted to a slightly positive impact on our revenue in total. For the quarter on a reported basis the dollar weakened against the Brazilian Real, Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and the Russian ruble, and in addition to the pound the dollar strengthened against the Chinese yuan and the euro. As a result, the net impact of FX changes decreased our quarterly revenue by $41 million, a 1.2%. If currencies stay where they currently are based on our most recent projections FX may negatively impact our revenues by approximately 2.2% for the second quarter of 2017 and 1.2% for the full year. However, considering all the variables impacting the foreign currency markets quite difficult to estimate what will happen to FX rates for the rest of the year. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions resulted in a decrease to revenue of $24.3 million in the quarter or 0.7%. On the acquisition side TBWA closed on the acquisition of London-based Lucky Generals beginning of February. And we cycled through our largest recent acquisition Grupo ABC in January. For the Q1 acquisition revenue amount only includes one month's revenue from that acquisition. On the disposition side, in the past several months we completed several dispositions including agencies in our field marketing and events discipline, as well as our most recent disposition in early April of Novus, our specialty print media business which operates in the U.S. and Canada. Consistent with our prior discussions and considering both the dispositions and acquisitions completed to-date, disposition revenue will exceed acquisition revenue for the full year 2017. Our current expectations are that net disposition revenue will be between 3.5%, 4.5% for the full year. Given several of the businesses that we disposed off, we’re not our peak performers. We expect that this will result in a benefit to our overall margin profile of 20 basis points, together with our previously discussed expectations to achieve margin improvement of 30 basis points. This would bring our total expected EBITDA margin improvement for the year to 50 basis points. We plan to continue to evaluate our portfolio of business. However, we expect that our disposition activity for this year is substantially complete. We do not expect any significant additional dispositions in 2017. Organic growth was positive $153 million or 4.4% this quarter. Some highlights of our growth this quarter include geographically all six of our regions had positive organic growth this quarter with the U.K., Continental Europe and Asia Pacific all delivering strong organic revenue results. Full-service advertising agencies perform well again and our media businesses including Hearts & Science continue to perform very well. And our healthcare businesses had another strong quarter particularly strong growth from the healthcare group’s international agencies. On slide four highlighting our regional mix of business. You can see during the first quarter split was 60% for North America, 9% for the U.K., 16% for the rest of Europe, 10.5% for Asia-Pacific, 3% for Latin America and only 2% for Africa and the Middle East. By region organic revenue growth in North America was up 1.1%. We saw positive performances from our traditional advertising media agencies as well as our digital direct marketing businesses. This was offset by declines in some of our other CRM businesses in the region including events and field marketing, as well as branding, shopper marketing and non-profit consultant. In Europe, the U.K. once again had a great quarter with organic growth of about 8%, strong performances across most disciplines. The rest of Europe was up just over 8% organically in the quarter. Within the euro zone we saw solid performances from Germany, as well as Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain. France was marginally positive again this quarter but Netherlands continue to lag. Both in Europe outside the euro zone strong across most of the markets including the Czech Republic, Poland, Russia and Switzerland, in the region the one market of note [ph] that is negative was Turkey. The Asia-Pacific region was up just over 9%, and we continue to see organic growth across most of our major markets and disciplines in the region including in Australia as well as India, Japan, South Korea and New Zealand. The Greater China agencies had a solid quarter of organic growth as well. Latin America returned to positive organic growth during the first quarter. Brazil was slightly positive organically. However the macro economic and political conditions in the market continue to make it difficult for our agencies to grow their businesses on a consistent basis. Elsewhere in the region outside of Brazil our agencies in Mexico continued their strong performance. And finally Africa and the Middle East which is our smallest region was up double digits organically driven primarily by our project-based businesses in the region. Slide five shows our mix of business by discipline. For the quarter the split was 54% for traditional advertising services and 46% for marketing services. As of their organic growth performance our advertising discipline was up 6.4%, another solid performance. Our growth in this discipline continues to be led by the performance over media businesses with good performance across all of our regions and most of our offerings, as well as good performances by many of our full-service advertising agencies. DRM was up 2.1% for the quarter. We continue to see mixed results across our businesses and geographies. This quarter we saw strength in some of our international businesses which was particularly offset by weakness in the U.S. Within CRM our direct marketing and digital direct agencies performed well in the quarter, while our branding businesses continue to struggle. PR was up 1.8% this quarter, and specialty communications primarily Omnicom Health Group was up 3.3% organically. Turning to slide six, we present our mix of revenue to our client’s industry sector. In comparing the Q1 revenue for 2017 -- 2016 you can see there were no major shifts in the percentages each industry contributed towards our total. Turning to our cash flow performance, on slide seven you can see that in the first quarter we generated $355 million of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on slide eight, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $131 million which reflects the effects of the 10% increase in the quarterly dividend that was approved last spring, which was partially offset by the reduction in shares outstanding due to repurchase activity. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $10 million and capital expenditures were $32 million for the quarter. While we've seen a decrease in CapEx, we have also seen a planned uptick in activity in our equipment leasing programs. Acquisitions including earn out payments and net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $18 million. In stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $232 million. All in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $67 million during the first three months of the year. Turning to slide nine, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt at March 31, 2017 of $4.94 billion, is up about $290 million from this time last year. This increase resulted from the incremental $400 million of borrowings related to the debt issuance back in April of 2016 along with a decrease in the non-cash fair value of our debt of about $70 million over the past year which is directly related to an offset by change in the fair value of the respective interest rate swaps on our debt. The increase in net debt relative to year-end was a result of the typical uses of working capital that historically occur in the first quarter which were approximately $550 million. The use of cash in excess of our free cash flow approximately $67 million. These increases in net debt were partially offset by the effective exchange rates on cash during Q1 and increased our cash balance by about $70 million. As far our ratios they remain strong. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.1 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.1 times. And due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio was still quite strong decreased to 10.9 times. Turning to slide 10, we continue to manage and build a company through a combination of development initiatives and judicially priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months our return on invested capital ratio improved to 21.8% while our return on equity increase to 52%. And finally on slide 11, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 plus years. Aligned on the top of the chart there’s our cumulative net income in the beginning of 2007 to March 31 of 2017 which totaled $10.1 billion, while the bar shows the cumulative return of cash to shareholders including both net share repurchases and dividend which during the same period totaled $10.8 billion, all resulting in cumulative payout ratio of 107% since the beginning of 2007. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides and presentation materials for your review. But at this point we're going to ask operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Just a couple questions. First, on your commentary on the dispositions. Thank you for that color and the impact on profitability, your margins for the year. I was wondering if you could also tell us what impact if any that these dispositions might have on organic revenue growth? And any more color because they’re largely in the U.S. I know you mentioned one of the bigger ones was in North America, but anything else that might skewed more toward the U.S. versus International?
John Wren: Sure. I think the largest of the acquisitions which we closed in early April, it was the print media business is focus in the U.S. primarily and they have an operation in Canada. The rest of our dispositions occurred both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., so it isn't just U.S. exclusively. Some of the field marketing operations are in the U.S. and some are outside of the U.S. So the mix is a primarily North American of the total dispositions that we completed to-date. And then on the organic growth front, certainly we think going forward is going to be a benefit from the dispositions to our overall organic growth profile. But in terms of the size of the numbers, it takes an awful lot to kind of move the needle. So, we don't want to anticipate a significant increase in the profile in the immediate term, but we think as closing of these businesses was the right thing from a long term strategic perspective, they didn’t really fit our strategies regarding sustainable long-term revenue growth and profit growth.
Alexia Quadrani: And then if you could give us maybe any more color in terms of why you’ve seen such disparity in organic growth in general in the quarter and the last couple of quarters you have such impressive organic revenue growth internationally, but the U.S. continues just sort of trend below sort of company average. I guess any color and what’s pressuring that if it may not if these businesses really were not necessarily upsize and if they are, that’s a kind of weighing on it, but it sound like they’re healthy mix in U.S. and non-U.S. And then, John maybe if you just give us some color on if you’re seeing above average pressure from clients, either on consumer packaged goods area where one of your peers mentioned some pressuring or maybe even the retail segment which I know is not that big for you guys given that what’s going on it in that vertical? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. Well, some of the pressure in the U.S. has come from things that we discussed in the fourth quarter, our year end call. Branding for instance, which generally are projects which you don't have a large backlog on and normally probably you have two months from start to go. That's been a ongoing issue for us and it comes down, I think in large part to leadership and one of my network CEOs is taking me very seriously and hasn't yet found the proper replacements for certain people who are no longer with us. I'm very confident about the business because they are very smart people and when you do have the right people that growth will come back pretty quickly. Also field marketing, what’s left of it in the United States was disappointing only because of one or two retailers which have seriously cut back. Those tend to be low margin businesses, but the volume of the revenue is associated with them can be impactful in any quarter. Again nothing terribly troublesome and certainly not to the core businesses which we live on, but it is something that we’re working on and should see improvement as we get through the rest of the year. In terms of package goods, we've been very fortunate. First of all, I guess out of all the three, as we take just the big three players, our profile in large packages companies, we were last to the party, though our revenue from those areas are not nearly anywhere near the size of our competitors and the rest of the industry. And those clients are adjusting their services that they have traditionally purchased from those competitors. If you have to look at their portfolios and how they serve those clients you’d see quite a bit thing like market research and some other areas where they gain a lot of revenue, those whole areas are changing. The things that we've been able to sell the large packaged goods clients, we’re partnering with them have been in more contemporary type of services and we're coming from a smaller base, so the impact is nearly what they projected in whatever public comments they’ve made. Is that answers your question, Alexia?
Alexia Quadrani: Perfect. And then anything from retail or do you think retailers is sort of same old or you’re seeing, but reading obviously about how much pressure that retail industry. Have you seen any pressure there?
John Wren: No. We make the assumption that there’s going to continued pressure especially big box type of retailer. I take the view that pressure is not going away any time soon and the storage that you see out there principally showrooms where people go and see the products that they want to buy, touch them, feel them, but then they go back home and purchase them online.  And some of the stats that came out of the credit card companies in year end show a real increase for the very first time. It’s always been increasing. But I think it exceeded almost 30% of year-end sales which is to me a tipping point of how things are moving, going to move going forward.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay.
John Wren: That is why intrude strategically with some of the dispositions that we did were not only domestically but internationally are in the field marketing businesses because whereas they’ve contributed to growth at a low margin in the past what we see going forward is still going to low margin, but the growth that they’re going to able to contribute is going to be really stifled. So it was good to sell them to people who want them and have different objectives than we do.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes. Good morning and thank you very much for taking the question. The first the question is on Accuen, if we could get the contribution to organic in the quarter. The second question is it [Indiscernible] an idea of the organic of the business you sold in Q1. Was it down 5.10 [ph] or what would have been organic in Q1 if 100% of disposals have been down, any color would be great? And then the last question is as you said that the mix of the assets you sold that was probably North America. Can we get an idea is it 60%, 70%, 80% any color would be great as well? Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Most of the sale with the exception of Novus happened early in the first quarter, so they themselves didn’t have much of an impact in organic growth.
Julien Roch: Yes. But if you assume that been done on the 1st of Jan what would have been impact of some or maybe the kind of an idea of the organic of the assets you sold, because I assume they were declining?
Philip Angelastro: I think, overall the portfolio of businesses that we’ve disposed off probably would have dragged or broke down a bit, but not to a great degree if you look at it on an annualized basis. I think the driver -- the key driver of why we’ve taken this direction is the future growth profile of these businesses. So while in any one quarter in the past 12 months or so, they might have marginally impacted our growth profile to a small degree, probably negatively. We think going forward, the chances of them growing in any consistent meaningful way versus the chances of them continuing to kind of define strategically. We think the chances of decline prospectively, much more likely which was the key driver behind the disposition strategy. As far as couple of other items you have there, Accuen is basically flat for the quarter, so no real growth in Accuen this quarter. It was actually down slightly in North America. And from our perspective it's not unexpected.
John Wren: And you should be careful of how you read that. The underlying business actually grew except for clients instead of buying it on a bundled basis that moved to buying it as an agent, they using us as an agent to procure those services. So the business itself is very healthy, but the method in which our services approaches changed and that's why we get the mathematical solution that you got.
Julien Roch: So that means that it’s because of Accuen is flat for the quarter than it actually had a negative impact on overall cost, right. Or when you say…
Philip Angelastro: A neutral impact on the calculation of organic growth, but it's kind of one of those very odd doesn't happened or hasn’t happened very much in the past. The way that we offer those services are on a bundled and in undisclosed basis and on a disclosed basis lot of the clients have shifted to wanting those services on a fully disclosed basis which puts us in the position of treating it as if we were their agent and not selling them a product. So the underlying business is healthy. It just doesn't reflect in the math of how you would go about calculating organic growth.
John Wren: Yes. The more and more brand-based advertisers look for ways to effectively target the consumer that they're trying to reach through programmatic. They’re more likely to choose the more traditional approach and we’re fine with that. Its still early days in the programmatic space, as John had said business continues to grow and we’re happy to offer to our clients in whichever way they find most useful. But Accuen being flat for the quarter, we don't really look at it is as if somehow that drag down our growth profile, mean it essentially flat for the quarter. We don't expect that it's going to go back to growth profile we had on prior years. We think this shift may continue and as long as the underlying business continues to grow that's fine with us.
Julien Roch: Okay. And the last one was the mix of the assets you sold, you said primarily North America, but can we have an idea, is it 60%, 70%, 80%?
Philip Angelastro: I think it’s probably in the 70% to 75% ballpark. So if you said three quarters of it as North America, that’s probably about right. I don't have a schedule in front of me that does the math. But I think that’s about right.
Julien Roch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. John, just you talk a lot of the macro environment beginning of the call and I’m just – but at the same time you reiterated your full year outlook. I’m just wondering if you are just sort of giving us some color or if you're advertisers are getting a little more nervous given what you see on TV and in the news every day? I just wanted to see if we could revisit that for a minute?
John Wren: Most of really intelligent people I speak to don’t watch TV.
Ben Swinburne: Okay.
John Wren: But you had this morning. You had the U.K. announcing an election in June. In Turkey you had a very narrow win this past Sunday, which linked into a change the way that their government efforts. Though I think everybody I speak to is cautious. They’re not – there are still animal spirits out there and everybody is hoping that just a number of these initiatives around the world especially those in the United States get pushed through what seems to have slept is the timing of when you might see those benefits, but they haven't given up hope. But as a result we have to plan a business. You have to take all that into consideration and plan for what you know and not for what you hope for. And so there hasn’t -- when you see, in fact that we haven't changed our guidance for the rest of the year when it comes to the top line and it's really reflective of that caution and what clients are committing to us versus if some of these things happen or they pass quietly we’re prepared to grow with the marketplace.
Ben Swinburne: And then, Phil, just to come back to the dispositions one more time, just doing some back in the envelope math, I think what you gave us, it’s a revenue impact offset by margin, better margin expansion suggested that these decisions did have some profits associate with them, I just wanted to confirm that there is an earnings impacts from the additional I guess, 30 [ph] basis points net dispositions this year?
Philip Angelastro: Yes. I think the businesses themselves certainly have lower margins in the overall on the account profile. And if you wanted to assume somewhere in mid-single digits that's probably roughly a good rough assumption.
John Wren: But if I heard the question correctly, the 30 basis points is really predicated off of last year's performance and we don’t see this dispositions and any income or that they contributed will make that up in making our numbers.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, I understand got it. And maybe just one last one for either of you, I’m just curious that it’s been made evident that Amazon has become a much bigger advertising business particularly on search than we thought in prior years. Just curious when you look at how you advise your clients particularly with all the controversy that’s been going on with Google and YouTube, you know is Amazon becoming an increasingly attractive option for advertisers on the search side or are they still sort of more just around the margin, I know Google is obviously pretty dominant in that space, so just curious if you have any thoughts there?
John Wren: I think Google’s dominance continues especially in search. It’s an important alternative and I would never underestimate over the longer run, but at what Amazon is capable of doing. But if you are looking at 2017 or the more immediate future I’d only list it as an important alternative to Google and that’s somebody who I anticipate is going to take most you know their market share in the short run.
Ben Swinburne: Yep. Thank you both.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks. Sorry to come back on the dispositions one, hopefully last time. Just to be clear, I think so you said net dispositions, meaning the acquisition line for you guys would be down 3.5% to 4.5% just want to make sure that its net dispositions offset by some acquisitions with a net minus 3.5% to minus 4.5%.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, that’s right. That’s net of acquisitions we completed to date.
Tim Nollen: Okay, so that’s – that’s reported revenue a bit further down than we had previously had given the scope of the dispositions. Okay, secondly if you come back on North America again please, could you remind us what is the timing of these major account wins that you have had Volkswagen, AT&T, McDonald's some of those, have they begun to contribute in Q1 and if there is any sense you can give us of the scope that they will contribute. I’m just wondering kind of what is the underlying, underlying North America growth rate that maybe somewhat offset by those revenues coming in as they do. And lastly, back on the CPG spending question, and tying it to the branding comments that you’ve had about branding having been a weak business particularly in the U.S. lately, I know there’s been a big emphasis on promotions within the CPG and retail sectors for the last few years just wondering if you sense that that maybe coming off the boil now and maybe a shift back into branding from the manufacturers and the retailers which would obviously help your business?
John Wren: Just repeat that last question Tim.
Tim Nollen: So on the branding business, which you said is hurting in the U.S. I know a lot of CPG manufacturers and retailers have been absorbing a lot of promotions as opposed to branding. So you know the A versus the P you know the promotions don’t necessarily help to the advertising the branding business would help, the question is are we beginning maybe to see a shift back in the some more branding away from promotions.
Philip Angelastro: Okay, I’ll take the first one. So, the answer is yes, all those wins have been contributing at this point. P&G and AT&T go back to 16 P&G probably started with Hearts & Science in the second quarter and most of the wins you referenced the large and medium wins other than MacDonald’s. VW [ph] just started up January 1st and it’s a global business win for us for PHD not just North America. AT&T probably started in the fourth quarter of 2016 and MacDonald’s also recently started in early 2017 for us as well, so that gives you the sense of the timing.
John Wren: And mind you MacDonald’s we had a lot of that underlying work already, we were able to consolidate North America, the way that we won the business. I thought it was incremental and just start off....
Tim Nollen: And have you given us any sense of the relative revenue contribution from these?
John Wren: You know we’ve got a big portfolio of businesses. We had a lot of wins and a lot of losses unfortunately. We’re trying to dwell on the losses but certainly these wins were an exclusive that there are some ups and downs in the broader portfolio and that’s part of the strategy to have a broad diverse portfolio that can provide some consistency and less volatility, so certainly there is some other offsetting, some factors offsetting the contributions of the new wins, but we are happy with the underlying performance of the businesses that generated the wins and we continue to work with all the businesses in our portfolio. You want to take the branding....
Philip Angelastro: By all means. In terms of promotions versus brand, advertising of the bigger, the of the P&G's of the world, that really hasn't been the primary shift atleast I don’t believe, I think what you are seeing is almost an evaluation as to the number of vendors that those big advertisers use, a reduction or a consolidation of the number of vendors that they use and then zero based budgeting type of activity which has – we produced this ad, do we really need to test it in six markets for 12-weeks in an old traditional fashion or is there other ways to find out whether we are reaching the audiences or not. That’s technology, the changing consumer, all that all has an impact on all those individual decisions and I think that’s what you see going on as those companies like our own and others look to make certain that if you can reduce an expense than get at it, and so that’s what I really think is going on and I think it’s a permanent trend for some of those big companies who try to make their marketing dollars work more efficiently.
Tim Nollen: Okay, thank you.
John Wren: Do you think Operator given that the time of the market opened I think we have time for one more call?
Operator: Okay, that question comes from the line of John Janedis from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Hi, thank you. I’ll wrap it up with two quick questions. First, John you talk about the volatility in the Latin American region over the past few quarters, but are you at a point now where you think you can see sustained growth in the region or is the quarter more of a one-off and then I guess bigger picture you have historically talked about the importance of investing in talent and your people and understanding the first quarter is always this moment seasonally if the organic revenue trend continues can we potentially see more operating leverage or would you reinvest that into the business?
John Wren: In terms of Latin, we were pleasantly surprised although it’s early days to see Brazil stabilize and I think the new government down there or most of that’s behind them, so we should continue to see incremental improvement. We also expanded at the end of the year in Colombia and we’re just first bedding those companies down into our portfolio. So I’m bullish in the long run on Latin America, there’s a lot of population. They have gone through a lot of difficulty but they seem to have been, had great strides in fixing many of the problems or atleast addressing many of the problems. In terms of your second question...
Philip Angelastro: Yes, in terms of you know if the growth continues I think we are – John’s comments earlier on in terms of our expectations for the rest of the year and given the uncertainty that’s out there we are certainly not committing beyond I think what we said, but you know in terms of the contribution or the potential contribution we are always looking to try to find the right balance between where do we invest, how much do we invest and you know wanting to grow, so I think you’ll continue to see us look to leverage the business but you’ll also continue to see us look to reinvest in the business so that we can build more sustainable future growth as opposed to keeping a short term focus.
John Janedis: All right, thank you.
John Wren: Thank you. Thanks everybody for joining us on the call. Appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer Philip Angelastro - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Shub Mukherjee - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Julien Roch - Barclays Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley John Janedis - Jefferies Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If you need assistance during the call, please press star then zero. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce to your host for today’s conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer.  We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we have posted on our website, www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectation and that actual events or results may differ materially.  I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You will find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren, then Phil Angelastro will provide our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I’m pleased to speak to you about our fourth quarter and the full year results. As we will report this morning, we were very pleased with our performance for 2016. Strategically, we remain focused on growing and developing our talent, investing in new businesses, and expanding our capabilities in digital, data and analytics, making strategic acquisitions to better service our clients, and continuing to execute on internal organization, operational and diversity initiatives.  The results of our strategies are reflected in our solid financial performance for the year. We achieved our target for organic growth, exceeded our margin target, and delivered earnings per share growth for the year of 8.4% or $4.78 per share. Additionally in June, we increased our quarterly dividend 10% to $0.55 per share and for the year returned to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases over a billion dollars. As we wrap up the year, I will cover our fourth quarter and the full year results and then spend some time on our goals heading into 2017.  Organic growth in the fourth quarter was 3.6%, bringing organic growth for the year to 3.5%. FX reduced our revenues in the fourth quarter by 1.8% and 1.9% for the full year. As we enter 2017, we expect FX will continue to be a headwind. Phil will provide more details about the impact of FX later in the call.  Our fourth quarter organic growth is a tale of varying performances across our portfolio. Overall, North America increased 6/10ths of a percent. Growth was very positive in certain disciplines, including public relations and our media businesses. These positive results were dragged down by a few of our CRM businesses, particularly in branding, field marketing, and events. These are project-based businesses with lower visibility than many of our other services. The U.K. was up 8.5% in the quarter as brand advertising, media, healthcare and public relations were all very strong. With respect to the potential impact of Brexit in the U.K. and the rest of Europe, we’ve not seen any meaningful negative impact on our operations to date.  Our European region was up 6.2%. In the euro currency markets, Germany and Spain were in low single digits while Ireland, Italy and Portugal all significantly outperformed. In our non-euro markets, the Czech Republic, Poland and Russia delivered very strong results. Asia Pacific growth in the quarter was 9.5%. We had solid performance across almost every market, with India, Japan and New Zealand leading the way. Latin America underperformed for the quarter as Brazil returned to negative growth, dragged down by continuing political turmoil which more than offset another very good quarter in Mexico. Earlier in 2016, we purchased Grupo ABC, the largest independent advertising and marketing communications group in Brazil. While Brazil’s economic environment remains extremely challenging, given the strength of all of our assets, we are hopeful that we will begin to turn the corner in 2017. On the margin front, we increased our EBITDA margin for the quarter to 14.9% versus 14.5% in the prior year. We exceeded our 2016 goal to deliver 30 basis point EBITDA margin improvement for the full year. In fact, I’m pleased to report that we were able to achieve a full-year increase of 40 basis points, giving us an EBITDA margin of 13.8% for the year. This margin expansion reflects the success of our efficiency programs which Phil will discuss during his remarks. For 2016, we generated over $1.6 billion in free cash flow and returned almost $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Finally, our balance sheet and liquidity remain very strong. Looking forward, our practice of the use of free cash flow, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases remains unchanged, as does our commitment to a strong balance sheet and maintaining our investment-grade rating. Overall, I’m very pleased with our performance for the quarter and for the full year. In the face of numerous global, economic and political events in 2016 that affected an already tepid macroeconomic environment, we continue to address the things we can control. Our management teams remain laser focused on attracting and retaining the best talent, quickly adapting to delivering services better and faster for our clients, and managing our costs. Let me now turn to some of our successes in the fourth quarter and in 2016. It was a very busy end to the year, especially for our advertising and media operations following another year of significant new business wins. We launched a new agency, We Are Unlimited, to service the McDonald’s business which we were awarded last August. The group is based in Chicago and has people from seven Omnicom agencies together with teams from some of our key partners. Our PHD Media agency expanded its presence in more than 30 cities around the world and service the Volkswagen business it picked up in June, as well as a number of other global accounts it won, including Carnival and Delta Airlines. Hearts & Science, our newest media agency which was launched earlier in ’16, now counts both Procter & Gamble and AT&T as its clients. The agency has established new network offices in Atlanta, Dallas, Toronto, Puerto Rico, London, and Dubai in the second half of the year, and it will be soon launching an office in Tokyo after recently winning a large part of P&G’s business in Japan in partnership with Hakuhodo.  Our major client wins and hundreds more smaller wins across our entire group are a testament to the success of our strategies. These wins share a common thread - our investments in our people and in our digital data and analytical capabilities, our ability to act in an agile fashion to meet our clients’ needs, which is grounded on a long established culture of creativity and collaboration that is the common DNA at Omnicom. Annalect, our cornerstone data, marketing and sciences group continues to be an important part of our success. Clients recognize that with Annalect, we have the ability to apply marketing sciences to drive sharper, more relevant and dynamic creative to the most receptive audiences. Across Omnicom in 2016, we continued to expand our capabilities, simplify our service offerings, and making investments in our agencies and through acquisitions. Earlier in the year, we formed Omnicom Health Group and Omnicom Public Relations Group. More recently, we formed a group comprised of independent national agencies, including Goodby, Silverstein, GSD&M, Martin Williams and Zimmerman, among others.  The agencies within these practice areas continue to maintain their strong independent brands and cultures. With strong leadership in each of these groups, we can better share expertise and knowledge across the management teams, maintaining and creating more career opportunities for our people, and we can better target our internal investments and pursue acquisitions to support outstanding brands within the specific practice areas. At the same time, we continue to drive innovation in connected solutions for our clients across practice areas through our expanding global client leaders group. These leaders support our largest accounts fueled by programs that increase our ability to share intelligence and collaborate with partners. Most important, the practice areas and global client leaders provide the capability to better leverage our resources and, when requested, create the bespoke solutions for our clients. The matrix structure has been very successful to date, and several new practice areas will be launched in 2017. Also, we continue to make selective investments, partnerships and acquisitions to expand our capabilities and geographic presence. In December, Critical Mass, a global digital agency made an investment in Prolific, a leading mobile-focused agency based on Brooklyn. Prolific’s core capabilities include mobile strategy, design and engineering.  Also in December, we completed the acquisition of Grupo Sancho, a premier marketing communications group in Colombia. BBDO has been a minority shareholder in Sancho since 2000. We are now taking the partnership to a new level by fully integrating them into Omnicom. Grupo Sancho’s network of agencies already includes many of our leading brands. Sancho BBDO is a top creative agency in Colombia. Our global media networks, OMD and PHD, are part of Grupo Sancho, and together with our ownership of DDB Colombia we now have a fully managed media operation in the country. Proximity, our global CRM network is also part of the group.  Turning to our operational initiatives, we remain focused on delivering efficiencies across the group. We are constantly challenging our people to find ways to manage their costs agency by agency. As part of the process, we continue to review the individual performance of our agencies to ensure each of them are implementing strategies to deliver organic revenue growth and EBIT growth. It’s important to note that we recently increased our focus on evaluating our portfolio of agencies that are faced with challenging growth and EBIT prospects in an ever-changing marketplace. We plan to continue these evaluations as part of the process for assessing where to best deploy our investment dollars. A likely result for 2017 is we expect disposition revenue in excess of accretive acquisition revenue. On a regional and global basis, we are leveraging our scale in the areas such as information technology, real estate, back office services and purchasing to deliver further cost improvements. Our margin improvement in 2016 was driven by these regional global and local initiatives, and we expect these efforts will drive further value for us in 2017. Our goals for 2017 remain consistent. We will continue to hire and develop the best talent in the industry, we will relentless in pursuing organic growth by servicing and expanding our offerings to our existing clients and winning new business, we’ll continue to pursue high growth areas and opportunities through internal investments and acquisitions, and we’ll remain vigilant on driving efficiencies throughout our organization, increasing EBITDA and shareholder value. With these goals in mind, our objective in 2017 is to increase our EBITDA margin 30 basis points from the 2016 level of 13.8%. Our revenue growth target for 2017 is similar to our target for 2016. Despite anticipated growth in the U.S., it’s not known how changes in U.S. policies will impact non-U.S. trading relationships.  In 2017, we also continue to make meaningful steps on our board refreshment process, which we started in 2016. Refreshment is ahead of schedule with two board members having retired in 2016 and another scheduled to retire in May of 2017. In their place, two new members have already been added to the board and more are being recruited. At Omnicom and our agencies, we’ve always strived to be a great place for people to work. Part of that commitment is a strong emphasis on talent development and diversity. Since 1995, Omnicom University has focused on leadership programs for our senior managers. Along with our agencies’ many professional development programs for our people at all levels, we remain strongly committed to investing in our talent in a way that sustains and accelerates our growth  I was also very proud at last year’s Cannes Lions Festival to have joined our industry peers to launch Common Ground, an initiative where we pledged our collective support to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Omnicom selected to focus on education for our sustainable development goal.  With respect to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce, our commitment is to start at the top, with Omnicom’s independent board of directors now including five women and three minority members. In 2016, we expanded Omni Women chapters in North America, Europe and Asia. We also launched Open Pride, a resource group committed to inclusion and diversity efforts across Omnicom. We’re extremely proud of our efforts to create a better workplace for our people. The Human Rights Campaign Foundation recently recognized these efforts by naming Omnicom one of the best places to work for LGBT equality.  It’s the depth and diversity of our talent that allows us to continue to be recognized in the industry. Here are a few highlights: BBDO topped the Gunn Report as the Most Creative Network for the 11th year in a row. For the third consecutive year, adam&eveDDB was named Campaign Magazine’s Agency of the Year, and PHD was Global Media Network of the Year. Ad Age named PHD Media Agency of the Year, adam&eveDDB International Agency of the Year, BBDO B2B Agency of the Year, and DDB’s Alma Multicultural Agency of the Year. At the Campaign Asia Pacific Agency of the Year Awards, TBWA, DDB and BBDO won Creative and Digital Agencies of the Year in Tokyo, New Zealand and China.  In closing, I want to recognize and thank the people at our agencies for the world-class integrated campaigns, outstanding new business wins, and the great work that enabled us to deliver these results. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the fourth quarter and the full-year results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. This year, our agencies performed well in meeting the objectives of their clients as well as winning new business. As John said, our businesses once again met the financial and strategic objectives we set for them.  For the fourth quarter, our organic revenue growth was 3.6%, and for the full year the total organic growth was 3.5%. As for FX, the negative impact of currency rates increased slightly in the fourth quarter versus what we saw in the last two quarters, driven in large part by the continued weakness of the British pound when compared to last year’s reported revenues.  Including the positive impact from our net acquisition activity, total revenue for the quarter was $4.2 billion, an increase of 2.1% versus Q4 of 2015. In a few minutes, I will go into further detail regarding our revenue growth. Turning to the income statement items below revenue, operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 4.6% to $602 million, with operating margin improving to 14.2%, a 30 basis point margin improvement versus Q4 of last year. Our Q4 EBITDA increased 4.5% to $631 million. The resulting EBITDA margin of 14.9% represents a 40 basis point increase over Q4 of last year. The increase continues to be driven by our ongoing company-wide internal initiatives to increase efficiencies, particularly in our back office operations. FX had a negligible effect on our operating margins for both the quarter and the year.  Now turning to the items below operating income, net interest expense for the quarter was $40.2 million, down $1.8 million versus the third quarter of 2016 and up $3.4 million versus Q4 of 2015. Our gross interest expense was down approximately $700,000 compared to Q3 of 2016. This was driven by a reduction in our commercial paper activity during the fourth quarter, which was partially offset by a decrease in the benefit from our fixed to floating interest rate swaps. The increase in three-month LIBOR rates reduced our benefit relative to last quarter and will continue to do so as short-term interest rates move upwards. Interest income from our international treasury centers was higher in the fourth quarter when compared to Q3, resulting from the higher than average cash balances that we typically carry at the end of the year. As compared to Q4 of last year, the increase in gross interest expense of approximately $5 million primarily is due to the reduced benefit from our swaps which resulted from the termination in January of 2016 of the fixed to floating rate swaps on our 2022 notes. As a reminder, we added $400 million in debt when we issued our $1.4 billion 2026 senior notes last April. The net effect of the reduction in rates on the new notes meant that we were able to replace $1 billion of debt without a significant increase in our interest expense. Interest income was a bit higher when compared to Q4 of 2015, resulting from higher interest earned on the cash held by our international treasury centers.  Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 32.5% and for the full year our effective tax rate was 32.6%, which was slightly lower than the prior year rate of 32.8%.  Earnings from our affiliates totaled $1.4 million for the quarter, down a bit when compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The decrease is due to the acquisition of a majority interest in an affiliate earlier in the year.  The allocation of earnings to minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $2.5 million to $30.1 million. The decrease was primarily the result of the purchase of additional minority interests in certain subsidiaries over the past year. As a result, net income was $350.3 million. That’s an increase of $18.7 million or 5.6% versus Q4 of last year. Now turning to Slide 3, the remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter after the allocation of $1.6 million of net income to participating securities was $348.7 million, or up $20 million or 6.2% when compared to last year’s Q4. We can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was 237.8 million, which due to share repurchases is down 2.5% versus Q4 of last year. As a result, diluted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.47, up $0.12 or 8.9% versus Q4 of last year.  On Slides 4 through 6, we provide the summary P&L, EPS, and other information of the full year. Since the annual results are essentially in line with the results for the quarter, I will just give you a few highlights. While organic revenue growth was 3.5%, the FX headwinds reduced revenue by 1.9% or a little over $280 million. Factoring in the increase from acquisitions net of dispositions of 0.3%, our total 2016 revenue increased by 1.9% to $15.4 billion. Operating profit increased 4.6% to just over $2 billion, and EBITDA increased 4.7% to $2.11 billion. Consistent with our fourth quarter performance, our operating margin increased 30 basis points and our EBITDA margin increased 40 basis points versus the full year 2015 results. On Slide 6, you can see our 12-month diluted EPS was $4.78 per share, which is up $0.37 or 8.4% versus 2015.  Turning to Slide 7, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. The negative headwinds from FX increased slightly this quarter versus the previous two quarters. There was some increase in the volatility of the foreign currency markets after the U.S. election, while the continuing weakening of the British pound after the Brexit vote in late June remained a significant drag. On its own, the FX impact of the pound’s decline reduced our revenue by $75 million in the fourth quarter. As for our other major currency moves in the quarter, they effectively netted themselves out in total. While the dollar strengthened in Q4 against the Chinese yuan, the euro and the Mexican peso, the dollar weakened in the quarter against the Brazilian real, the Japanese yen, and the Australian dollar. As a result, the net impact of FX decreased our quarterly revenue by $75 million or 1.8%.  As we enter into 2017, if currencies stay where they currently are, based on our most recent projections, FX could negatively impact our revenues by approximately 1.25% during both the first quarter of 2017 and for the full year; however, making any assumption on how foreign currency rates will move over the next two, let alone 11 months, is highly speculative at this point. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue $13.9 million in the quarter, or 0.3%. We expect the net impact of acquisitions net of dispositions will be negative in Q1 of 2017 as we cycle through the Grupo ABC acquisition, which we completed in January of 2016, and as John commented earlier, as we continue to reevaluate our portfolio of businesses and focus on opportunities for growth. Finally, organic growth was positive $149 million or 3.6% this quarter. For the quarter, we had positive organic growth across all of our major markets, with the exception of Brazil and the Netherlands. Some highlights of our growth this quarter include our advertising discipline, which performed well in the face of difficult comparisons to the growth of over 12% that was achieved in the fourth quarter of 2015.  Strength of our media businesses, including Hearts & Science which is now ready for its first full year of operation in 2017, as well as the solid performance of certain of our full service advertising agencies continued.  Our public relations businesses performed well across most of our markets, coming off the relatively easy comp of Q4 of 2015. Our PR discipline was also helped a bit in the quarter by some work related to the election. Our full service healthcare businesses had another strong quarter, albeit relative to a down quarter in Q4 of 2015. Our Omnicom Health Group agencies saw particular strength internationally.  On Slide 8, highlighting our regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter the split was 58% for North America, 9% for the U.K., 17% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, and with Latin America, Africa and the Middle East making up the remaining portion.  Turning to the details of our performance by region on Slide 9, our organic revenue growth from North America was up 0.6%. In particular in the fourth quarter, we saw positive performances from our PR and media businesses, which was offset by declines in our field marketing, branding, and events businesses, as well as our research agencies.  In Europe, the U.K. had organic growth of 8.5% with similar good performances by brand advertising, media, PR, and specialty healthcare. The rest of Europe was up 6.2% organically in the quarter. Within the euro zone, Germany returned to positive organic growth after its negative performance in Q3. Italy, Portugal and Spain also performed well, while France was marginally positive and the Netherlands continued to struggle. Growth in Europe outside the euro zone was strong and especially notable in the Czech Republic, Poland, Russia and Switzerland.  The Asia Pacific region was up 9.5%, and we continue to see organic growth across most major markets in the region, including Australia, India, Japan, greater China, and New Zealand. Africa and the Middle East, which is our smallest region and starts from a low base, had growth this quarter driven by project business and was up double digits organically.  One region that was down organically in Q4 was Latin America. After a positive third quarter which included some Olympic activity, and in the face of continued uncertain macroeconomic conditions, our agencies in Brazil had negative growth in Q4. Revenues were down by about 14% organically in the quarter. Partially offsetting the negative results from Brazil in the region, our agencies in Mexico continued their strong performance. Slide 10 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the quarter, split was 56% for advertising services and 44% for marketing services. As for the organic growth performance, it was mixed. Our advertising discipline was up 4.6%, a solid performance compared to Q4 of 2015 given the double digit growth we had in the discipline in Q4 of last year. Our growth in this discipline continues to be led by the performance of our media businesses, which performed well across almost all markets. Our performance was also bolstered by the good performance of a number of our full-service advertising agencies. CRM was up four-tenths of a percent for the quarter, and the results were mixed across businesses and geographies. Our direct and digital marketing agencies and our shopper businesses had a strong performance in the quarter; however, the performance was more than offset by declines in field marketing, branding, and our research businesses. PR was up 7.7% this quarter, and as I said earlier, positive performance of PR was broad-based across most of our markets, although coming off easier comps versus the prior year’s fourth quarter. Specialty communications was up 5.7% organically with our Omnicom Health Group agencies performing well, mostly notably in foreign markets, recognizing however that this is compared to easier comps versus Q4 of last year. On Slide 11, we present our mix of business by industry sector. In comparing the full year revenue for 2016 to 2015, we can see there were no major shifts in revenue. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 12, you can see that we generated just over $1.6 billion of free cash flow during the year, including the positive effect of changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 13, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $505 million. As a reminder, the 10% increase in our quarterly dividend was effective with the payment we made in July, and therefore only half of the payments this year were at the higher amount. The cash flow impact of the higher payments was partially offset by a lower share count due to repurchase activity. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $87 million. This is down versus last year due to the purchase of additional shares from our local partners. Capital expenditures were $166 million, a reduction compared to 2015 resulting from a decline in leasehold improvements, lower spending on technology purchases, as well as an increase in our equipment leasing program.  Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, totaled just under $500 million, and stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $554 million. All in, we outspent our free cash flow by just over $200 million for the year. Turning to Slide 14, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt at December 31, 2016 of $4.95 billion is up about $380 million from this time last year. This increase resulted from the incremental $400 million of borrowings related to the debt issuance back in April. Our net debt position at the end of the year was $1.93 billion, down $25 million compared to December 31, 2015. The decrease was principally due to the positive change in operating capital of approximately $325 million, which was offset by the overspend of our free cash flow of just over $200 million for the year, as well as the negative impact of FX on our cash balances at year end. As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.2 times, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was below 1 at 0.8 times. Due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio, while still quite strong, decreased to 11.0 times.  Turning to Slide 15, we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital ratio improved to 24.3% while our return on equity increased to 49.8%.  Finally, on Slide 16 we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2007 through 2016, which totaled just under $10 billion. The bars show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period totaled $10.5 billion, resulting in a cumulative payout ratio of 106% over the last decade. That concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we’ve included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. At this point, we’re going to ask the Operator to open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. I’ve got a couple of questions. The first really is sort of zoning in on the weakness in the branding and the field marketing businesses that you highlighted. Does any one of those of the two stand out as a particular drag, and I think you also mentioned research as sort of an areas of weakness too. So I guess really wanted to dig in to see if one is particularly weaker than the other, do you think it’s more structural or cyclical, or do you think it’s competitive in nature, you might be losing share there, and I guess are you committed to those businesses? I think you mentioned you’re going to reassess everything and look for potentially a pick-up in divestitures. Would those naturally be the area of focus? And then I have a follow-up.
John Wren: You’ve got it. You hit the nail right on the head. Field marketing, which is not a strategic business to us, was particularly weak in the fourth quarter, and that’s typically a business that you need big box stores to hire people in to do promotions and to do some other things. It’s clearly on my list as a priority, because I don’t think the future for that business is anything even remotely close to what it has contributed in the past. In speaking to some of our credit card clients, the amount of online purchasing that went on in the fourth quarter this year was--it’s hitting a tipping point, so we can still get some value out of the business, but it did harm our organic growth. In terms of research, we’re never very deep in research. We have several companies in that area. They tend to be custom research shops. That with digital is changing - it’s not going away, but we are planning further consolidation in that area. In branding, branding really--the outlook in the branding businesses has always been--the backlog has always been six to eight weeks, and we’ve had some difficulty with some of our rebranding efforts the entire year, it also reflected itself in the fourth quarter. We have experts--that’s a business I’m quite certain we can turn around, because we have very, very smart people. It’s just a speed bump at the moment, and it will be getting better as you go through ’17.
Alexia Quadrani: Then just to follow up, you mentioned on the growth outlook in 2017, organic growth outlook should be similar to 2016. Should we assume that’s very much weighted towards international growth over the U.S., given the relative U.S. sluggish performance, at least in the back half of the year? How quickly can the U.S. bounce back, I guess dependent--is it dependent on how quickly some of those divestitures potential happen? Lastly, just given maybe elevated divestitures this year, should we assume maybe a little bit of a pick-up in the buyback?
John Wren: In terms of our revenue outlook, personally I’m more optimistic than I’m willing to say on the call. I’m very confident about our ability to increase our margins just through a continuation of the efforts that we’ve had to date, and they continue into this year. In terms of what the U.S. government’s doing, I can’t figure it out. I do believe that animal spirits have been kind of released in the U.S., and with the fixes that we have and we’re planning, I’m not concerned about Omnicom, I have just no clue as to what the impact on trading is going to be. Until something other than an executive order gets signed and a law gets passed, we’re just being conservative. The one thing we don’t want to do at this time of the year is to staff in anticipation of growth. It’s always better to hire after you’ve gotten growth. 
Philip Angelastro: Yes, and as far as the buyback question, Alexia, I think--I don’t think you’ll see much change, actually. If we accomplish a couple more divestitures than we might have in prior years, I’m not sure that’s going to directly lead to an increase in buyback activity. The primary driver of that is going to be how many acquisitions do we do once we get beyond paying our normal dividend. If we find some additional acquisitions that fit our criteria and strategy, we’re going to want to pursue those acquisitions, that will have an impact on buybacks. The availability of those acquisitions and the number of acquisitions we close probably that will impact the buyback more so, either resulting in more or less free cash available for buybacks than the dispositions will.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay, thank you very much.
John Wren: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Roch with Barclays.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. First question is could we get the contribution of Accuen into growth in Q4, and then there’s more and more talk and actually action of competition from consultants, like Accenture would come to my mind in the U.K., you had a couple of creative wins from consultants. So I wanted to see your point of view on that and whether you are starting to actually see consultants in big pitches against Omnicom. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: So I’ll take the first one. On Accuen, Julien, the growth number for the fourth quarter was $33 million in terms of the contribution, which brings the full year to 86 in terms of revenue growth from that business. As we’ve said before, the programmatic business continues to evolve beyond just the original core group of advertisers who were focused primarily on achieving an ROI. Overall, we expect the programmatic business to continue to grow, whether it’s through a bundled offering we have or the more traditional model. We’re happy to take the business growth either way, whatever our clients would prefer, but we wouldn’t be surprised if we continued to see reduction in the share of programmatic that’s executed on a bundled basis and growth in programmatic that’s executed on a traditional basis.
John Wren: To answer your second question, Julien, I’ve anticipated the consulting firms attempting to pick up some aspects of what we do for at least--seriously, for the last 20 months. We have not run into them, though, in terms of in pitches for serious pieces of business as of yet, but it’s something that we’re very vigilant about and we also have plans to start to hire, and we have been hiring, people with similar skills to the ones that they have to supplement the normal work that we do.  So we have a lot of competitors, but so far our batting average has been very good, but we’re very vigilant on the topic. 
Julien Roch: If you haven’t seen them yet encroaching on your business in big pitches, have you conversely started to encroach on their business, and one piece of business that you might not know--not have won five years ago because you have a more rounded offering, or similarly that’s something to come as well?
John Wren: Well, I’m not sure I got your question completely, but our business has change completely over the last five years, and I expect it’s going to--that pace is just going to continue. We make significant internal investments in math, data, data analytics, and that--as we go into ’17, those are only increasing, also the type of people, the type of skills that we have. One major advantage that Omnicom has that we’re able to capitalize on is we have built most of what we win on internally, or we’ve hired and incorporated these people into the Omnicom DNA. When a company starts trying to gather these skills through acquisitions, it doesn’t normally play very well within groups when you go in, and clients don’t want to see people who are just meeting each other for the very first time, or have different cultures. So we capitalize on that quite a bit. It’s been--I know that eventually when I’m gone, it will be remembered as a strategy. I don’t know if it was a strategy or just good luck, but that’s what I believe. So we’re going to continue on the pace, but that’s where I spend my time - looking, talking, learning, both from clients, from their needs, and from where we think the marketplace is going.
Julien Roch: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. One for John and one for Phil. John, we all on the call I think hear Marc Pritchard’s comments or read his comments from last week. You’re probably in a better position than anyone at least on this call to talk about what the audience was or is targeted for those comments. How much do you think of his frustrations are being expressed at digital media platforms, ad tech companies, or his agency partners like Omnicom? Anything that you think the industry or Omnicom needs to do to address some of those issues, and maybe just comment on the state of the digital media landscape given there’s just a lot of focus there. Then Phil, just on the margin guidance and the dispositions, I just want to make sure we understand clearly. It sounds like the expectation is net of acquisitions and dispositions, that will be a drag on revenue in ’17. I just want to make sure that’s accurate. Then second, is there a margin impact from that net disposition? I assume there’s still marketing to this, is there probably lower margin, but I wanted to hear any comments you had.
John Wren: Sure. I won’t pretend to speak for Marc, but I’ll tell you what I believe he was saying, because I’ve heard not only publicly in Marc’s comments but I’ve heard it in any one of a number of places. The amount of spending that’s being done on digital is increasing and has been, and will continue; but we have to be able to measure the effectiveness of the media and we have to be able to have a standardized, or get close to a standardized ad verification strategy to track and to measure, and to eventually value what we’re willing to pay for or what clients are willing to pay for. The other challenge is the varying devices in which you can receive messages, and it’s I think most people’s guess that mobile will be the largest platform where--because it is the most mobile platform for people to get their content.  In terms of what we do, we’ve personally installed integral ad science verification to make sure that our client has default protection--
Philip Angelastro: And we’ve been doing that for several years now. 
John Wren: Yes, not just for them but since we’ve been doing it, and it just becomes challenging and at some point, almost the equivalent of a good housekeeping seal of approval is going to have to get adopted for subscribers and publishers of content, so you have automatic faith - this is my view - in what you’re buying is what you’re getting. So it’s almost like being in--you’re not quite in the little leagues, we’re in tee-ball at the moment, but the amount of money that is being spent requires these standards to get created, to get accepted by the various people spending money, because there’s an awful lot of money being spent.
Ben Swinburne: Got it, thank you.
Philip Angelastro: So on the margin front, we certainly expect--I guess first on the dispositions, as far as the dispositions that we’ve completed to date, we expect they’ll have a small positive impact on margins, but the vast majority of the margin improvement that we expect that John talked about in his prepared remarks are not based on assuming acquisitions we’re going to incur. It’s largely going to continue to be driven by our efficiency initiatives. To the extent that we’re able to dispose of a couple businesses that we go through in our evaluations, which will start in a couple weeks, incremental dispositions in ’17 are largely going to be businesses that have margins on average, because of performance issues largely and the type of businesses they are, the revenues may come down more, as John had referred to, and there may be some margin improvement as a result of that. That’s not really factored into a significant portion of the margin improvement that we expect that John referred to in his earlier remarks.
John Wren: I don’t often speak about what happens in my board meetings, but we concluded one last week when--I have my own wish list within Omnicom. We are interested in growth and we are interested in profit. I made a prediction about how fast I can move, Phil just sat there very politely and grinned and said, you may not be that lucky. But it’s a serious, earnest review and we still think there’s value in the companies that we’re targeting, but I’m of the firm belief that 36 months from now that value will be greatly depleted from where it is today, so it’s time to act.
Ben Swinburne: Got it, thank you both.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Hi, thanks. Just a couple quick ones for me. First, given the large account wins in the back half of last year, should we expect organic growth to ramp throughout the year, or are there other factors we should consider?
John Wren: Well, we’re trying to grow as fast as we can, is the answer. There’s elements that we speak about on these calls and that you see that make up organic growth. The first one and the most obvious one is when we win new business obviously, because that can be calculated and other people speak about it and reporters report on it. What also comes out of that is where clients have a decline or change their spending habits a little bit, and we have a lot of clients, so a little bit amount of money can drag that down a bit, so it’s a net number that you’re seeing, not a gross number. But we’ve been doing very well and our clients, I think especially the U.S. clients, are--and they tend to be multinational, they’re bullish. They’re hopeful, there is confidence out there, so as long as something geopolitically doesn’t get screwed up or--you know, India didn’t have the greatest quarter for the Indian economy because of the change in currencies. There are some decisions which get made which impact other parts of the business from time to time, quarter to quarter, very difficult to look at it on a 90-day basis.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, in terms of the wins themselves, though, the more important part of the wins of, say, P&G, AT&T and Volkswagen were how we’ve been able to establish or significantly enhance the platforms we have for growth within PHD in the case of Volkswagen, and Hearts & Science newly created in the case of P&G and AT&T. We think those platforms provide us with some significant growth opportunities. The actual amounts of revenue on the initial win, while very helpful and certainly very helpful to the businesses that won the work, they’re not in and of themselves material to our overall results, and there’s certainly a lot of other factors that add and some that detract from our organic growth profile - John touched on them, certainly. So we’re more bullish about the benefits that we got from those wins on what our future growth profile can be going forward, but we’ve got to look at the overall portfolio, which is pretty diverse and hopefully balanced, and not everything is always going to be hitting on all cylinders.
John Janedis: That’s helpful.
John Wren: Sitting here today, the platforms and the agility that we have brought into our abilities out of market, it changes all the time, you can never get too comfortable with it, but it’s working today and we continue to evolve.
John Janedis: Maybe a related question, John, just on the U.K. and European growth. It’s been, I’d say, a bit more resilient than I think the market would have expected, given the macro headlines. Have you been gaining share there, and as you think about your outlook, do you expect that region to moderate?
John Wren: Well, we certainly have--there’s two things we have. We have some of the greatest agencies in the world in our major European markets, and so they’re very attractive to clients. We also--if we dissected our client base, we don’t have large banks and things that are highly regulated that some of these recent changes will probably impact going forward, so we’re not going backwards, we’re going forwards for the most part. We have to see what’s going to happen with the elections that are coming up in Europe. This time last year, I would have never predicted--the day before Brexit, we were in Cannes. I didn’t predict that vote. I certainly didn’t predict the presidential outcome. God knows what’s going to happen in France and a lot of other key markets in Europe, so all we can do is make sure we maintain the quality of our agencies, continue to be agile as hell, and fight for every single dollar of revenue and profit we get, and that’s what we’re doing.
John Janedis: Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Our last question comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Hey guys, good morning. I just had a few questions, John, on the full service agencies. There were a couple things that you mentioned that were of interest. One, you called them out for strength, whereas in the advertising segment we’ve seen that really driven by media and continues to be strong, but you mentioned them specifically. I’m just curious, is that largely around share gains or is there something different going on with the way that they are approaching the business, either more horizontal approaches or whatnot where they may be playing the lead role?  Then second, I think on the McDonald’s business specifically, you mentioned obviously a number of Omnicom agencies involved, but you also mentioned some key partners on the team, and we’ve read a little bit recently about companies from some of the large digital ad sellers like Google and Facebook more frequently embedding themselves with agency teams. Is that what you’re speaking about there, and whether it is or not, can you tell us about how much you’re seeing that happening across your business these days? Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. Well, we do go to market differently, and one client you point out is one where we certainly have. We’ve brought people in from different skills, we are working differently, some of our media scientists are the people briefing creative people as to what audience we should be attacking, as opposed to traditional type of account people that you would have had in the past. Everything is a bit more bespoke in some of the larger ones. They’re working much more closely in fewer silos than ever before. It wasn’t so much the Googles or the Facebooks, although they’re very supportive of Omnicom. It was more like other vendors that the client has selected and uses, like in some cases it’s Adobe, in some cases it’s Salesforce or CRM. To date, we’ve been able to draw lines and figure out, this is what your role is, this is what our role is - by the way, here’s your desk because I need to speak to you every day and we want to improve communications. We’ve just gotten better at. We were always a pretty good partner, but I believe not just top management but also upper middle management and middle management has gained confidence in the way that we can interface and work with some of these people. So we’re just building it--we’re building it for the client, with the client’s interests in mind, not necessarily the traditional - and I’ve been around a long time - silos or particular agency brand. It’s morphing, it’s changing because the marketplace has. 
Dan Salmon: Great, thank you.
John Wren: You’re welcome.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you all for joining the call today. We appreciate it, and we’ll talk to you after the first quarter is over. Thanks.
John Wren: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference today. We’d like to thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - VP of IR John Wren - President, CEO Phil Angelastro - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Tim Nollen - Macquarie Julien Roch - Barclays Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets John Janedis - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2016 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted on our website, www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning's press release, along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. And to point out that several of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectations, and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You will find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We're going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will provide our financial results for the quarter. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. I'm pleased to speak to you this morning about our third quarter 2016 business results. Organic revenue growth for the third quarter was 3.2%, which is in line with our internal targets. For the nine months ended September 30th, organic growth is 3.4%. Our EBITA margins exceeded our expectations and increased 40 basis points for the third quarter and are up 40 basis points for the nine months ended September 30th. Based on our year-to-date results, we are on track to meet our internal revenue and margin targets for the year. As we have discussed, foreign exchange continued to have a negative impact on our earnings during the quarter, although the effect of currencies has significantly decline compared to what we experienced in 2015. At this point, the biggest movement is the decline of the British pound versus the U.S. dollar. Phil will provide more details on our margin improvement and currency outlook during his remarks. Turning to our organic growth, it was broad based across our major regions and disciplines. This growth highlights the consistency and diversity of our operations, even in the face of tepid economic conditions and the uncertainty created by events in our two largest markets; the Presidential Election in the United States and Brexit in the U.K. Our performance underscores the strong competitive position of our agencies across the spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines and key geographic markets, as well as our digital and analytical expertise. Looking at organic growth by region, North America was up 1.7%. This was in the face of difficult comps when compared to the third quarter 2015. North American growth was driven by strong performance in media and public relations. Our U.K. organic growth was 5.2%, reflecting very solid performance from our portfolio of agencies in the market. The situation in the U.K. is clearly something we're monitoring closely. At this point, we're not able to fully assess the effect Brexit could have on our operations in either the U.K. or the rest of Europe. In Europe, we experienced growth of 2%. The Eurozone markets were essentially flat for the quarter, as very strong growth in Italy and Spain was offset by a difficult quarter in Germany and declines in France and the Netherlands. Outside the Euro markets, growth was in the low teens, with the Czech Republic, Russia and Sweden outperforming during the quarter. Turning to Asia, third quarter organic growth was 8%. Australia, India, Japan and New Zealand all had strong results, and growth in Greater China moderated to just over 4%. Latin America was up 11.9%, driven by very strong performance in Mexico. Brazil was also positive for the quarter, helped in part by Olympic activity. EBITA for the quarter increased $27.4 million or 6% to $482.1 million. Our EBITA margin increased to 12.7% versus 12.3% in the third quarter of 2015. Looking at our bottom-line, net income available for common shares for the third quarter of 2016 increased $15.8 million or 6.7% to $252.6 million. And our average share count was down 2.3% from the prior year. The combined result was an increase in EPS of 9.3% to $1.06 per share for the quarter versus $0.97 per share for the same quarter a year ago. For the nine months ended September 30th, our cash flow balance sheet and liquidity remained very strong. We generated $1.1 billion in free cash flow and returned approximately $800 million to shareholders through dividends and share purchases. Looking at the rest of the year, there are a couple of factors that result in less visibility as we plan for Q4. As has consistently been the case over a number of years, there's quite a bit of project work in the fourth quarter that can impact revenue. Each year, we found this year end project work is between $200 million and $250 million. Client spending on these projects is not easily forecast and typically is based on individual client circumstance and general economic conditions. This year is further complicated by the upcoming U.S. Presidential Election, the increasing likelihood that the Fed will raise rates before year end and the potential effects of Brexit. Partially offsetting these unknowns is our recent new business success. Some of these wins, like AT&T, will start generating incremental revenue in the fourth quarter and others, like Volkswagen Media and McDonald's, will not contribute to incremental revenue until January 2017. Let me now discuss what we're seeing in the industry and how our strategies allow us to achieve consistent financial results. During the third quarter, we stayed focused on executing our strategies for growth; attracting, retaining, and developing top talent; extending our capabilities around the world and moving into new service areas, building our digital and analytical competencies by investing in platforms and agencies and partnering with innovative technology companies; and collaborating to deliver big ideas and results based upon meaningful consumer insights across all channels. The significant wins I just mentioned prove Omnicom has the brightest talent, using the latest digital and analytical tools in the marketplace. In August, we were awarded the consolidated data analytics, media, digital and creative business for AT&T across the United States and Mexico. AT&T is the largest advertised brand in the United States and the second largest advertiser. BBDO had a significant share of creative for many years and now adds responsibility for the subscription TV business, including DirecTV and the Internet service businesses. Hearts & Science will be their new media agency. It will be a fully integrated offering, with people from BBDO, Hearts & Science and other Omnicom agencies sitting and working together in offices in New York, Dallas and Atlanta. Late in the quarter, McDonald's chose Omnicom to consolidate its U.S. creative account under the leadership of Wendy Clark, DDB North America CEO. We've been a partner of McDonald's for over 40 years and look forward to taking our partnership to a new level. We are forming a dedicated agency for McDonald's based in Chicago, with data and digital at its core. It will house talent from several Omnicom agencies that will work jointly to deliver seamless execution across all platforms and disciplines, including creative, media, and sales promotion. The client feedback from these wins highlights two major themes. First, we have outstanding talent that can truly work together. And second, we have the ability to leverage superior data and analytics that drive sharper insights, more relevant and resident creative work, and more efficient and effective media delivery. Effective collaboration among our agencies and with our clients and outside partners is part of the culture we have worked to organically build at Omnicom. It's gratifying to see that it is being recognized by clients. We believe the ability of our people to effectively and actively coordinate will be increasingly important as marketers use data-driven insights to inform creative and media planning. Over the past few months, I've had the pleasure to work with our people on some of the biggest new business pitches we've ever seen. Many gave up their holidays and vacations, even honeymoons. I want to thank and congratulate all of our agencies and our people for their dedication, commitment, and ongoing success on this front. Underpinning all of this is Annalect, our cornerstone data and marketing and sciences group. We built it from within, and continue to invest in it. We developed this capability in-house, as opposed to trying to gain this competency through bolt-on acquisitions. As a result of this internal investment, the level of collaboration and integration of Annalect with our agencies across the group is second to none. Annalect's data scientists are embedded across our group in almost all disciplines, from media to creative and most recently, to CRM and PR. It has evolved to play a major role in servicing our existing clients and winning new business and is truly a differentiating asset for us. Our belief in investment in talent, data and analytics, creativity and collaboration as core strategies, are paying off. Our ability to innovate was formally recognized last quarter when Forbes magazine named Omnicom one of the 100 most innovative companies in the world. It is a significant recognition for us. And what's more, it's a first for any advertising and marketing company. On the topic of winning, let me just mention a few highlights from the Spikes Advertising Festival recently held in Singapore, which is considered the [Indiscernible] of Asia. BBDO Asia-Pacific received top honor, winning Network of the Year for the third year in a row. Colenso BBDO won Agency of the Year, while its sister shop, Clemenger BBDO, came in second. TBWA\HAKUHODO was the Digital Grand Pre-winner and won 12 Spikes. All told, 31 agencies in 10 countries contributed to more than 130 Spike Awards. I want to congratulate everyone who helped win these awards. Your talent is a great reflection on Omnicom and your hard work is appreciated. Omnicom's ability to win awards relies on talent, and for us, that means a diverse workforce. We recognize that a diverse group of people will create a stronger culture, perform at a higher level, and will be better at developing meaningful insights and creative content. That's why we continue to push hard on our diversity initiatives. Last quarter, Omniwomen, which is well-established in the United States and Europe, formerly launched in Asia with an event in Shanghai to inspire and celebrate women in our agencies in Greater China. Omniwomen serves as a catalyst for increasing the influence and number of our women leaders, and I'm especially proud of this effort and the benefit it provides to our people, our clients and the company. We also launched Open Pride, a resource group, to inclusion and diversity efforts across Omnicom. Open Pride promotes awareness, acceptance and advocacy by fostering an inclusive and engaging work environment for Omnicom's LGBT community. In closing, we achieved our goals for revenue growth margins and profitability in the third quarter, and remain cautiously optimistic for the fourth quarter. I will now turn the phone call over to Phil for a closer look at the third quarter results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John and good morning. As John said, our business has once again met the financial and strategic objectives we set for them. They also performed well in meeting the objectives of their clients, as well as winning new business. For the third quarter, organic growth was 3.2%, and for the year-to-date period, it was 3.4%. FX continues to represent a headwind to our revenue, driven in large part by the weakening of the British proud year-over-year. For the third quarter, the FX impact reduced revenue 1.3% or about $50 million. Including the positive impact of 0.4% from our net acquisition activity, total revenue for the quarter was just under $3.8 billion, an increase of 2.3% versus Q3 of last year. I'll review our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes. Moving down the income statement to the items below revenue, our Q3 EBITDA increased 6.0% to $482 million. And the resulting EBITDA margin of 12.7% represents a 40 basis point increase over Q3 of last year. The increase, which exceeded by a bit our targeted 30 basis point improvement for the full year of 2016, is mainly the result of our ongoing initiatives to leverage scale and enhance efficiency on a companywide basis, as well as a change in business mix for the quarter. Operating income, or EBIT, for the quarter increased 5.8% to $453 million, with operating margin improving to 12.0%, in line with the EBITA margin improvement. Now, turning to the items below operating income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $42 million, down $2.8 million versus the second quarter of 2016 and up $6.1 million versus Q3 of 2015. Gross interest expense was down slightly compared to Q2 2016. As you know, when our $1 billion in 2016 senior notes reached maturity back in April, we issued $1.4 billion of 10-year senior notes due in 2026. We also entered into a fixed-to-floating interest rate swap on $500 million of the 2026 notes. Although we incrementally added $400 million in debt, the net effect of the reduction in rates on the new notes, combined with the rate swaps, reduced our gross interest expense. Third quarter had the benefit of this reduction for the full quarter, compared to only a partial benefit in Q2, resulting in a reduction compared to Q2 of approximately $1.5 million in interest expense. As compared to Q3 of last year, the increase in gross interest expense of $7.3 million, primarily resulted from the termination of the fixed-to-floating rate swaps on our 2022 notes. Interest income earned in Q3 of 2016 was a bit higher when compared to both Q2 of 2016 and Q3 of 2015, resulting from higher interest earned on the cash held by our international treasury centers. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 32.7%, which is in line with our current expectations for our annual rate. Earnings from our affiliates totaled $1.4 million for the quarter, down a little versus Q3 last year. The allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $3 million to $24.4 million. The decrease is the result of purchase in minority interest in certain subsidiaries over the past year, operational changes in a few agencies, and the negative affect of FX because a large portion of our less-than-fully-owned subsidiaries are located outside the U.S. As a result, net income was $253.8 million. That's an increase of $14.5 million or 6.1% versus Q3 of last year. Turning to slide three, the remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter after allocation of $1.2 million of net income to participating securities was $252.6 million, up $15.8 million or 6.7% when compared to last year's Q3. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was $238.7 million, which is down 2.3% versus last year as a result of repurchases of shares over the past year. As a result, diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.06, up $0.09 or 9.3% versus Q3 2015. On slides four through six, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information on the year-to-date period. Since the year-to-date results are essentially in line with the results for the quarter, I will just give you a few highlights. While organic revenue growth was 3.4% during the first nine months of the year, the FX headwind reduced revenue by 1.9%. Factoring in the increase from acquisitions net of dispositions of 0.3%, our revenue increased on year-to-date basis by 1.8% to just under $11.2 billion. EBITA increased 4.7% to just under $1.5 billion. And consistent with our third quarter performance, both our EBITA and operating margins increased 40 basis points on a year-to-date basis compared to last year. And on slide six, you can see our six-month diluted EPS was $3.31 per share, which is up $0.25 or 8.2% versus 2015. Turning to slide seven, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. Regarding FX, while the volatility in the foreign currency markets has declined over the past year, the continuing slide of the British pound after the Brexit vote in late June remains a notable exception. In isolation, the FX impact of the pound decline reduced our revenue by about $60 million in the third quarter. As for other notable currency moves on a reported basis, compared to Q3 of 2015, the dollar strengthened in the quarter against the Chinese yuan and the Mexican peso. And conversely, the dollar weakened against the Japanese yen, the Aussie dollar and the Brazilian real. As a result, the net impact of FX decreased our quarterly revenue by $50 million or about 1.3%. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they currently are, the negative impact of FX is expected to reduce revenue by about 1% during the fourth quarter of 2016, which would bring the full year estimated reduction to around 1.75%. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue $15.3 million in the quarter or 0.4%. We expect the impact of acquisitions net of dispositions will remain roughly the same in Q4. And finally, organic growth was positive $119 million or 3.2% this quarter. For the quarter, we had positive organic growth across all of our major markets, with the exception of Germany and Singapore, as well as France and the Netherlands. The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included the continued strong performance across our media businesses, as well as certain of our advertising agencies, in the face of difficult comparisons to the growth in the same quarter in 2015.  As well as our full-service healthcare businesses, which had a strong quarter with particular strength internationally. And our public relations businesses perform well across most markets, with particular strength in the U.S. On slide eight, highlighting our regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter, split was 59% for North America, 9% for the U.K., 16% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia-Pacific, 3% for Latin America, and a little less than 2% for Africa and the Middle East. Turning to the details of our performance by region on slide nine, in the face of difficult comparison to Q3 of last year, when organic revenue growth exceeded 6%, organic revenue growth in North America was 1.7%. In the quarter, we saw strong performances from our media and PR businesses. In Europe, the U.K. had organic growth of 5.2%, with good performances across the portfolio, especially in our media, specialty healthcare and PR businesses. The rest of Europe was up 2%. Our agencies in Italy and Spain performed well, while Germany was negative organically for the first time in several years, and the Netherlands and France continued to struggle. Growth in Europe outside the Eurozone was strong and especially notable in the Czech Republic, Russia and Sweden. The Asia-Pacific region was up 8%. Once again, most major markets in the region performed well in the quarter, including Japan and Australia, as well as Greater China, which continues to grow albeit at a slower rate than in prior years. We also saw solid organic growth from the emerging market countries in the region, including India, Indonesia, and the Philippines. In Latin America, the region had an excellent quarter, with organic revenue growth of 11.9%, with Mexico leading the way. Brazil was positive in the quarter, helped some by Olympic activity. While the revenue performance in Brazil has improved each quarter this year, the questions regarding the political and economic climate remain too unsettled to confidently predict when we will see the market return to consistent growth going forward. And Africa and the Middle East, our smallest region, was up double-digits organically for the quarter, driven by the strength of our agencies in South Africa and the UAE. Slide 10 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the quarter, the split was 52% for advertising services and 48% for marketing services. As for their performance, our advertising discipline was up 3.6% compared to Q3 of 2015, which was a challenging comparison given the strong performance last year. The growth was led by the performance of our media businesses, which performed well across almost all of their offerings and in all markets, as well as good performance at certain of our advertising agencies. While CRM returned to positive organic growth, up 1.6% for the quarter, the results remain mixed across businesses and geographies. While our shopper, marketing and direct and interactive businesses had a nice quarter, our field marketing and point-of-sale businesses and our event businesses continued to struggle, as did our branding businesses. PR was up 4.4% this quarter, although this is compared to a relatively easy comp in the prior year. And specialty communications was up 6.2% organically. The solid performance was driven by Omnicom Healthcare Group, with notable performances by its agencies outside the U.S. Although we remain on track to meet the internal target we set for organic growth for the full year of 3% to 3.5%, as John said earlier, as we go through our planning process for Q4, there were several factors that result in less visibility that could have an impact on our current expectations for revenue growth for the fourth quarter. On slide 11, we present our mix of business by industry sector. In comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2016 to 2015, you can see there were some minor shifts in the distribution of our client revenue between industries, with healthcare and travel and entertainment up slightly as a percentage of revenue, and retail and tech down, but nothing particularly significant. Turning to our cash flow performance on slide 12, you can see that we generated just over $1.1 billion of free cash flow during the first nine months of the year, excluding changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on slide 13, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $374 million. The 10% increase in our quarterly dividend was effective with the payments we made during Q3 of 2016. Only one of the three payments so far this year was at the higher amount. And the cash flow impact of that higher payment was partially offset by a lower share count due to repurchase activity. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $71 million. This is down versus last year due to the purchase of additional shares from our local partners. Capital expenditures were $101 million, a reduction compared to 2015, resulting from lower spending on leasehold improvements and an increase in our equipment leasing program. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, totaled $438 million. And stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plan totaled $423 million. All in, we out-spent our free cash flow by just over $300 million in the first nine months of the year. Turning to slide 14 regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt at September 30th, 2016 of just over $5 billion is up about $435 million from this time last year. This increase reflects the incremental $400 million in our borrowings related to the debt issuance back in April. Along with an increase in the non-cash fair value of our debt to about $20 million, directly related to and offset by positive fair value of the respective interest rate swaps on our debt, and as required to be reported on the balance sheet under U.S. GAAP. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter, $3.06 billion, down $105 million compared to September 30th, 2015. The positive change in operating capital of approximately $440 million was partially offset by the overspend of our free cash flow by about $295 million for the 12 months ended September 30th, 2016, as well as the noncash U.S. GAAP adjustments for the carrying value of our debt. Net debt increased by $1.1 billion compared to year end as a result of the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of approximately $300 million, the uses of working capital that typically occur through the first nine months of the year, which approximated $785 million. As for our debt ratios, they remain strong. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.2 times, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.3 times. And due to the year-over-year increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio decreased to 11.1 times, but it remains quite solid. Turning to slide 15, we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months, our return on investment capital ratio improved 19.4%, while our return on equity increased to 47.1%. And finally, on slide 16, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10-plus years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2006 through the third quarter of 2016, which totaled $10.4 billion. And the bars show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period totaled $11.4 billion, resulting in a cumulative payout ratio of 110% over the period. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we've included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you, and good morning. Can you -- John, can you maybe comment on the underlying health of the advertising business, just what are the underlying trends? I know Q4 is difficult to project. You mentioned the project business, which obviously I totally understand. But just trying to get a sense if you think the underlying revenue trends kind of remain unchanged from what you've seen year-to-date? And then maybe specifically on the U.S., I know the comps were very hard in the quarter. But I guess anything else influencing specifically the U.S. that we should keep in mind when we're thinking about the rest of the year? And did P&G sort of -- did it benefit the quarter at all in Q3? Or is that something we'll see more in Q4?
John Wren: Well, I think this marks -- this call, I think, is my 80th call as CEO. And for each of those 20 years in the third quarter, I think I've said in the last several years, it was 200 to 250, talked about the project business that's very difficult for us to forecast today. And we just have to experience it as we go through the rest of the quarter. I think there's only one year that it didn't come in out of those 20 years and that was probably 2008. So, I'm cautious, but we're looking at everything and we don't see any fundamental changes to the trends that we experience and have been experiencing. Our new business wins, some of them, don't kick in or start to contribute to incremental revenue until 2017. So, we're glad to have them, but we're in the process of trying to staff up for them now. And there's no large contribution that's going to solve that problem for us immediately in the fourth quarter. But looking past that, those trends are good. It's business as usual. I think the thing that's made this fourth quarter a little crazy is the general election. And uncertainty with what the outcome is going to be and clients who have the ability in a little growth environment to hold back on projects have been waiting to put this behind us. And hopefully, it will be soon. So, that's really the state of the state, Alexia. And the U.S. is the largest part of our portfolio. We're well-represented in the U.S., but all this noise isn't contributing to anything. And in the past, we probably participated in years of presidential elections to a greater extent than we're participating this year because whereas the democrats are spending money, the republicans are not -- you know not in the same level.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. So, other than one small business that consults in the political space, really haven't seen any impact of the general or frankly, any of the other national elections have an impact on our Q3. We don't expect it to really impact Q4. And I think specifically, you asked about P&G, Alexia. So, there is a benefit for P&G in the quarter. We're going to stick to kind of our approach of not discussing revenues of any particular one client, but there is a bit of a benefit overall -- not very large relative to the totality of Omnicom.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. And just one more question, just sort of broader question. I mean, you've won some; you've pulled in some big high profile accounts consolidated to your benefit lately. I know as the headlines and you always have sort of the engine right that we don't necessarily see. But talking about sort of these big headline wins, is there anything I guess different in the new business environment that is sort of clearly to your benefit? Or is it still maybe one competitor still a little bit losing more share than others? Is it more of the same? I guess any color on those bigger wins that we've seen? Thank you.
John Wren: I think that she that we're seeing in an environment of doing better, cheaper, and faster is our ability to coordinate and the collaboration that I'm getting across disciplines, especially in the area of media -- general media or advertising. But I shouldn't limit it to that. I mean, that's where you see the biggest headlines. But really it's across the whole company. And we've got to exhibit that in a very strong way during the third quarter with the challenges that we had and the wins that we had.
Alexia Quadrani: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Question from Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes, good morning. A few housekeeping questions to start. Thank you. In the third quarter, I'm just curious what was the net new billings, assuming you typically try to get about $1 billion of net new billings basis. What was it?
Phil Angelastro: The number was about $1.9 billion, so just under $2 billion.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then what's going on with Germany? You said obviously did there's good strong market for you relative to the rest of Europe for a number of years. All of sudden, now it's turned down year-over-year, is it local economy there or something else going on in the account front?
Phil Angelastro: From our perspective, Craig, it's just one quarter and the third quarter is relatively small compared to the second quarter and the fourth quarter. Last year, in the third quarter of 2015, we had growth in Germany of around 8% organic. So, big quarter last year. The comps were difficult. We don't -- we're not looking at the third quarter of 2016 here as a trend and we think we've got challenges and difficulties at our agencies in Germany as we head into to the fourth quarter in 2017. So, we wouldn't draw a trend as we look forward with Germany. We think we have some difficult comps; some of it might be timing quarter-over-quarter. So, we're not overly concerned with our performance in Germany.
Craig Huber: And then back on North America, please, the 1.7% organic number in the third quarter, are you feeling right now the fourth quarter is setting up to be similar to growth rate that you saw in the third quarter? Or can it rebound potentially block out in the first half or is that too optimistic?
Phil Angelastro: I think, John, can add on my comments. But I think it's still a little bit early to tell. We don't think there's anything fundamentally that's an issue in the U.S. and North America for us and our agencies. We think there's some uncertainty out there in the overall environment that could have something to do with it. We certainly have some challenging comps in the third quarter versus Q3 of 2015. And we'll have much better perspective on that as we go through our planning process over the next few weeks.
Craig Huber: Yes, and just lastly, what was the gross amount of shares you bought back in the quarter? Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure, just give me one second, I have that. So, in the quarter, that number is about 883,000 shares.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thanks. Could I come back on the U.S. growth question again? You basically had declining growth rate for the past four quarters. They're obviously off of a very nice high a year ago. I'm just struggling a little bit to understand, is it seems like CRM events that you mentioned in your general comments that were in the U.S. specifically? Was it anything to do with TV or internet spending that you can comment on? And just in general, is there any observation you could give us as to the TV versus online spending situation, which has been kind of fluctuating between the two for the last few quarters? And we've heard -- obviously, we have seen a very poor ratings for TV and we also have a lot of questions around measurement of internet viewership. So, I'm just wondering what your updated thoughts are there is?
John Wren: Well, in the area of field services, which is always been a revenue contributor, we've done a lot of consolidation in that. It tends to be a good business, gives us positive EBIT but at a lower margin. And as we look at some of those things, we haven't pushed as hard as we would have in the past. We saw a conservatism I think, in terms of some of the events that would normally -- that have happened in the past. I think the Olympics was tepid at best. So, it didn't make the same level of contribution that we'd expect from almost any other Summer Olympics. And our branding business, we see a little bit of conservatism other in terms of projects getting pushed back or delayed in terms of what plans you're spending your money on. So, it's just a general conservatism but I think, it's been, as I said, and everybody knows this, a very unusual year with this Presidential Election. And people don't know how -- I think they can probably take a pretty good guess as to who's going to become President, but then do you don't know what's going to happen to the Congress. So, I think once that's cleared up, people will adjust and get back to doing whatever they can to grow their topline.
Phil Angelastro: I think, on your question regarding TV and online spend, in terms of our base of business and our revenues, we don't think that have much of an impact one way or the other on us in terms of it being more beneficial to us or less beneficial to us. Certainly, we've seen a bit of a shift. Over the years, clients are spending more online versus in the traditional TV area. Did that rate of growth or rate of shift slow a bit? It slowed a bit, but clients certainly didn't pull back and stop spending online versus TV. I think we see that trend continuing. We don't think it's going to dramatically impact our revenue streams and didn't in the quarter. And in the area of measurement, I think certainly, that had something to do with it. We think there's plenty of players involved that are working closely to come up with a better solution, so that clients' comfort levels can get to the point where they're more confident, that they're getting what they are paid for. And I think, we're going to see that continue to evolve and continue to get better and better and clients get more comfortable with where they're spending their money that they're getting the value that they're paying for.
Tim Nollen: Okay, thanks. So, it sounds like from the TV versus online, it's a relative kind of sort of moderation on the online side. Has TV also moderated or has that remain strong?
Phil Angelastro: We think it remains strong. I think the ratings declines are certainly having an impact, but on pricing. But certainly clients see it as a very valuable part of their media mix.
Tim Nollen: Thanks very much.
Operator: We have a question from Julien Roch with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. First one is could we have the contribution of Accuen in the organic in Q3?
Phil Angelastro: Sure, in Q3, Accuen contributed about $10 million in revenue growth.
Julien Roch: $10 million. Thank you. The second question is you won quite a few significant flagship accounts like AT&T, McDonald's, P&G. I know you said that you weren’t commenting clients-by-clients, but if you take the flagship account, would be possible to have an idea of the boost to organic in 2017 as my second question? And then the third one, there was quite a few industry press articles about McDonald's and being a kind of a new type of contract with zero budgeting and then you getting paid based on performance. Most of your competitors, say they wouldn't do it, it wouldn’t be possible, but being competitors, they would say that. I'm sure you think would be profitable. So, without getting to confidential information, can you give us some color on how that contract is structured? And whether it can be more or less profitable under normal contract? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. First of all, we're not ready to talk about what our objectives are for 2017. We're very pleased with these wins but they will only be a component part of how the whole company performs, and we have to go through a very bottoms-up profit planning process between now and the end of the year that is traditional in the company. So -- but you always rather win a client a new piece of business because that makes that process easier as you move forward. With respect to McDonald's, the McDonald's contract, which I won't go into detail, will be profitable and whatever the competitors said they have said. Our goals and objectives in that contract, which get us paid, are perfectly aligned with what -- how we can impact the business and with their management's goals and objectives. So, we have a high degree of confidence about what we will be able to achieve.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think, one other comments on the win. So, while we do have some work to do in terms of our planning process to get better handle on the actual numbers in terms of the impact as we look at 2017, certainly, we look at the wins as bigger in the perspective that Hearts & Science really has a big strong base now in addition to P&G. And PHD is a network with the global Volkswagen win certainly has more halves than many of the markets, where they were smaller player in the past. So, as far as our media networks go, we feel really good that we've got three very strong platforms to grow off. And I think the other comment John had touched on this earlier, the investments we made in our data analytics business, you really see them come to bear some fruit, especially when you look at some of these more recent wins. So, we think the benefits to the foundation for growth in the future are as important, if not more important, than the actual revenues that the first few client wins here that we've had will give us in 2017.
John Wren: Just echoing that for a second, during the quarter, we didn't speak about it. Hearts & Science, in addition to the U.S. and Canada, they launched in the U.K. They're currently pitching for business in Germany and with the AT&T win, Hearts & Science was opened in Mexico. So, there you have a network that really is a year old, that's one in two largest -- the first and second largest advertisers in the U.S. as a base and we're starting to expand and win business in other markets. And what Phil said about PHD is important. We've had PHD for a very long time. And it was pretty much Anglo-based [ph] in the Northern Europe and in the U.S. With the Volkswagen win, that allows us to compete in many more markets than filled out that was the one net decline that the company actually needed and so we're expecting more opportunities to win business through both of those vehicles as we move forward. The other thing, which is an intangible, but a terribly important one is the way that we won business is through the accounts that we won. Their level of collaboration and coordination was second to none and I can't say that enough. We worked very hard at that culturally within Omnicom and always have. But this was -- I'd have to say, the first time that sort of paid out in big tangible real wins. So, I'm very bullish with regard to all these positive signs and what we might expect as we move forward as a result of the strength that we built.
Julien Roch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Question from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon: Hey, good morning everyone. John, we just went through Advertising Week and one of the dominant themes continues to be around transparency. And I wanted to ask a little bit about Accuen, in particular. We know that business has used the principal base model at times. And just curious how you see that business evolving as client needs evolve? And then secondly, if you could spend a little bit of time on where you're doing programmatic add buying outside of Accuen? I think sometimes it's lost on the outside community vendors, investors alike that this is a discipline that is increasingly embedded right at OMG's various agencies at Hearts & Science, PHD and OMD. And just if you could remind us a little bit about how programmatic buying is spreading down for those agencies that would be helpful as well.
John Wren: Sure. Well the programmatic business, as you know, continuing to evolve and been evolving pretty rapidly for the last I'd say two years, maybe a little bit more. It's all based upon ROI at the end of the day and effective targeting of audiences for programmatic. What we've done is we can offer clients a bundled product, which has certain guarantees and they know the price that they're going to pay and what they're expecting to get out of it. And we also through the three media groups that you talked about are quite able to offer them unbundled products, where they do have a level of transparency. It depends upon what the client's objectives are and how well -- what their preference really is. But we're capable and willing and able to offer both solutions or either solution to the brands that we serve. And the clients, they all have different objectives. So, one model might meet certain client's objectives and more disclosed model other clients. So, I think it's -- there's a lot more choices associated than the headlines would lead you to believe. And the biggest question I think is one that was alluded to earlier, which is really -- ultimately what measurement is going to be used and is the client getting the value that they've signed up for. And what is true and it's always been true is if you're providing the service, you can't grade your own homework.
Dan Salmon: And then may be just 1 quick follow-up, in your prepared remarks, you within North America one of the stronger areas was PR and I know you made some organizational changes there earlier in the year. I would assume that you're starting to see the effects of those. And I'm just wondering you mentioned specifically within the North American segment, I believe, but do you expect to see those changes start to sort of below out around the global PR regime?
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I'll start. So, I think that's certainly our expectation, yes. I think from a timing perspective, we're probably close group has been operating now. It's still relatively on couple of quarters in reality. What helped in the third quarter was last -- last year, in 2015, the comp -- the relative comp was pretty easy for PR. So, we're happy that they showed some organic growth this quarter. We certainly think that having the group together, in addition to taking advantage of some operational efficiencies and back-office efficiencies, they're going to be able to use the group as a growth driver going forward, and I think we expect that to continue on into the future. Is the third quarter a trend? We certainly expect that the business will continue to perform well. What the growth rate will be, we'll see, but we're pretty optimistic and happy with things so far.
John Wren: Sure. And I'd only echo, in the near-term, we're very happy with the management. We know what we're trying to accomplish, and we think we have the right people to do it and all of that has been very positive. When we look at our PR profile throughout the world, we are going to make some of the smaller markets where we have operations be making changes, which might in any one quarter affect that quarter's revenue, but we'll become stronger in those markets as a result of the moves that we make. So, as you look to 2017 and beyond, we're very happy with our PR assets and very, very pleased with them.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: I think we have time for one more call operator.
Operator: Question will come from John Janedis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Thank you. Phil, your margin expansion in the quarter was the best. I'm thinking about five years for the third quarter, and I was wondering if you could talk a little more about the drivers and is there any benefits from business either rolling on or off? And I guess the implication that there'll be more investment in the fourth quarter given your margin growth year-to-date?
Phil Angelastro: So, we're certainly pleased with the performance in the third quarter. I think we do keep in mind though the third quarter is a relatively small quarter. So, yes, in any one particular quarter, 10 basis points isn't all that large. The drivers for this quarter, we continued to see some benefits from the work we've been doing to leverage scale and efficiency throughout the organization. We also saw a decline in our use of freelance labor. And frankly, some better performance at some of our underperforming agencies in the quarter year-on-year. So, I think, when you look at though the year-to-date -- relative year-to-date margin, most of the benefit is coming from our leverage and scale efficiency initiatives, which we expect will continue to push and we expect we’re going to be able to sustain. As we look at the fourth quarter, we're still somewhat conservative, given a little bit less visibility than we traditionally have in our other quarters. So, similar to prior years, we're not ready yet to change our expectations of 30 basis points of improvements in Q4. But certainly, we're going to continue to push the initiatives we have been working on. And we always reevaluate the portfolio and we're going to continue to look at the portfolio strategically and where there are some situations that might make sense to do some pruning, we may do that as we head into 2017. So, overall, we're pleased with the performance but we're still a little bit conservative as we head into Q4.
John Janedis: Thanks. And may be a related question. In terms of staffing levels, have you fully staffed up at Hearts & Sciences and I guess the other agencies given the new business wins?
John Wren: No. We're in the process of doing that. We're hiring quite a number of people every week. But I fully -- we're probably two months away from being completely staffed up for the business that we have in-house today. So, that's a process that continues.
John Janedis: Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Okay. Thank you everybody for listening in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-14 11:45:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President of Investor Relations John Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Phil Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daryl Simm - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Omnicom Media Group
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Tim Nollen - Macquarie Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo  Tom Eagan - Telsey Advisory Group James Dix - Wedbush Tracy Young - Evercore Richard Tullo - Albert Fried
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2016 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted on our website, www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning's press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. And to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You’ll find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will provide our financial results for the quarter. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. Second quarter organic revenue growth was 3.4%, continuing the pace we set last quarter and in line with our expectations. We also met our margin targets for the quarter and remain on track to deliver a 30-basis-point margin improvement for the full year 2016 or 13.7% EBITDA versus 13.4% in 2015. For the second quarter, EBITDA margin was 15.2% versus 14.9% last year. Our results were solid during the quarter even in the face of continued currency headwinds. In the second quarter, 44% of our total revenue was derived from markets outside the United States. As a result, foreign currency in the second quarter reduced our revenue by $63 million or 1.6%. It's too early to fully assess the impact resulting from the ongoing Brexit discussions and upcoming U.S. elections. So far the most significant effect is the continuing weakness of the British pound on our reported revenues. Additionally, when combined with backdrop of recent terrorist related events, clients have become more cautious with the most immediate effect being the cancellation of some customer events, which has had an impact on some of our share and businesses. Phil will provide more details during his remarks. Looking at our organic growth, it was broad-based across geographies. Our strong consistent performance over many years is a testament to the strength of our services and the diversity of our offerings across the portfolio. By region, North America was up 3.2% with our media, advertising, and specialty health businesses performing quite well during the quarter. Our growth in North America reflects in part the new business we captured in the United States in 2015 as well as the continued strength of our digital and data driven platforms. Revenue from some of our 2015 new business wins start in the second half of this year and recent new business wins like Volkswagen media start in 2017. In terms of client trends, we continue to see growth in digital media despite increasing concerns around digital measurement, viewability, and fraud. We also see modest growth in TV budgets, which is fueling the stronger upfront U.S. TV market with pricing up double digits in many cases. Please note these increases while good for the TV business do not directly correlate to an increase in revenue to us. Our UK growth was 3.3% with specialty healthcare and public relations having very strong performances in the market this quarter. In the euro markets, Spain and Germany were positive; France and Netherlands were slightly negative for the quarter as those countries continue to experience tepid economic growth. Outside the euro markets, we had very strong growth with the Czech Republic, Poland, Russia, Turkey, generating solid results. Looking ahead, it is still too early to know what the impact of Brexit will be for the advertising market in Europe. What is clear is that the UK decision to leave the EU creates uncertainty and may slow down decision-making in many markets. Our agencies continue to operate without disruption in the UK and Europe. Over time, we expect the volatility and the uncertainty surrounding the Brexit vote to subside and for our agencies to adapt to the post- Brexit marketplace. Omnicom remains committed to serve the needs of our clients in the UK and European markets and to our people who provide great value to them. Turning to Asia, second quarter organic growth was 4.5% with almost all of our markets showing positive results. India, Indonesia, Thailand, and Vietnam were exceptionally strong in the quarter. And Latin America grew 1.7% with Mexico well into double digits, which more than offset the negative performance in Brazil. While Brazil continues to be a challenge, we saw better performance compared to the first quarter of this year. We are hopeful that this trend will continue and that the recent changes in leadership and economic policies as well as the Olympics later this summer will have a lasting positive effect. Looking at our bottom line, EPS increased 7.9% to $1.36 per share for the quarter versus $1.26 per share for the same quarter a year ago. Excluding the impact of currencies, EPS would have been higher for the quarter. Phil will provide the details during his remarks. Our results follow a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.50 to $0.55 earlier in this quarter. Finally, our balance sheet and liquidity remained very strong. Overall, I'm pleased with our performance for the quarter and the first half of the year. Turning now to media and the ANA report, which was released earlier in June, as we said from the offset, our U.S. media agencies do not seek or retain rebates and return to clients all value negotiated in the form it is received. In the case of one global digital media provider, there is an incentive provision in our agreement that includes the U.S. This incentive continues to be returned to all clients in the U.S. on a pro rata basis according to their spending with this provider. We have contacted our clients to review our agency buying protocols, reassure them of the practices we follow, and address any questions they have. At Omnicom, we maintain strong compliance controls in both meeting the spirit of our client relationships and the terms of our client contracts. Our outside counsel formerly asked ANA, K2, and Ebiquity to share any specific findings relating to Omnicom, so we can ensure continuing contracting plans, no findings have been provided. It is our hope that after the Ebiquity report is released, the ANA and 4A's restore the joint task force that was suspended earlier this year so that a meaningful and clear agreement on joint practices and principles can be reached between advertisers and agencies. With respect to our media operations, we continue to outperform the industry. Volkswagen recently selected Omnicom Media Group's PHD as its global media agency following a lengthy review. It was a huge win for PHD covering all VW Group brands including Volkswagen, Audi, Porsche, Fiat, , Skoda and commercial vehicles. Volkswagen indicated that our team stood out versus the competition by offering new digital data and analytical techniques for improved media targeting. In addition to VW, PHD also won media assignments from Delta Air Lines and Carnival Cruise Lines and our OMD media agency won Ancestry.com business. These results follow the win of P&G's North America media business and the creation of our third media network Hearts & Science, which launched with integrated data analytics and marketing science capabilities into its core media service. What we’ve been seeing in media, we are now experiencing more broadly across our advertising businesses as more clients are focused on leveraging data to inform creative messaging decisions. In several new business opportunities clients are asking us to increase the collaboration of our media and creative services in order to maximize these benefits. The changes we are seeing underscore the importance of talent and capabilities we’ve assembled in Annalect, our data and analytics platform, which is integrated through sources across many of our agencies allowing our creative talent to bring new insight and value to clients. Across Omnicom we continue to expand our capabilities and simplify our service offerings through internal investments in our agencies and through acquisitions. We recently announced the formation of two groups: one that aggregates our diverse offerings in the global healthcare industry into Omnicom Health Group and one that combines the strength of all Omnicom's public relation firms Omnicom PR Group. Both groups made their first acquisitions in the second quarter. Omnicom PR Group acquired, Rabin Marti, a healthcare consulting firm that focuses on global public health issues including chronic disease, enhancing women's health, and preventing the spread of infectious disease. Rabin Martin’s deep expertise in global public health is an important in growing specialty area as an increasing number of our clients see the need to address critical health issues in the world. Omnicom Health Group’s first acquisition was BioPharm, an agency that specializes in multichannel marketing programs for pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients. Founded in 2005, BioPharm has an impressive client roster, which includes 17 of the 25 largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. Omnicom's Health Group is organized by service offerings into four primary categories based on clients needs: professional, patient, payer, and regulatory, evidence and medical. To further our capabilities in professional services, we recently launched DDB Health. DDB Health includes five professional healthcare agencies spanning the U.S. and Europe. Omnicom Health Group now has creatively inspired dedicated partnerships with each of our global creative networks: TBWA\WorldHealth, BBDO Health Work, and DDB Health. I'm happy to report that we are seeing good results strategically and operationally from both Omnicom Health Group and Omnicom Public Relations Group. We're also in the process of forming another group comprised of our independent national agencies including Goodby, Silverstein, GSD&M, Martin Williams, and Zimmerman among others. While these agencies will continue to go to market as independent brands, we believe placing them in a singular group will provide benefits through the sharing of best practices across their management and operations. Finally, I recently returned from the Cannes Lions Festival. I am always impressed when I meet our creative talent from around the world. I am proud to report the caliber of our creative continues to be outstanding. We proved once again we have the best people in the business producing award-winning campaigns for our clients. Here are a few of the highlights demonstrating the depth and breadth of our challenges. Nearly 90 Omnicom agencies won almost 300 Lions from 27 different countries across more than 20 categories. Omnicom Media Group including OMD and PHD earned the most media alliance of any media agency holding company scoring a grand total of 15 awards. BBDO placed second and DDB was fourth in the network of the year category. And finally, [indiscernible] BBDO won the title of Agency of the Year. I want to congratulate all of our people and our agencies for their outstanding work. Our investments in talent, technology and partnerships are making a difference for Omnicom and our agencies. They are critical to our success. We will continue to strategically invest in these areas as the marketing environment increases in complexity. In closing, we achieve our goals for organic growth, margins and profitability in the second quarter. While it is impossible to predict the effects of Brexit as well as the impact of the U.S. presidential elections, we remain cautiously optimistic for the second half of the year and on target to achieve our 2016 plan. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the second quarter results. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. As John said, during the second quarter of 2016, our business has once again delivered on their financial and strategic objective while continuing to deliver best-in-class services to their clients. Our organic revenue growth of 3.4% for the second quarter was in line with our expectations and keeps us on track to meet our organic growth target of 3% to 3.5% for the full-year. As has been the case for the last several quarters, the strength of the dollar continues to create a negative FX headwind on our revenue. For the second quarter, the reduction was 1.6% overall or about $63 million. Net acquisitions added 0.3% to revenue this quarter in addition to the Grupo ABC acquisition in Brazil that we closed during the first quarter. In the second quarter, we added Rabin Martin, a healthcare public relations agency and BioPharm, a specialty healthcare agency late in the second quarter. As a result, total revenue for the quarter was just under $3.9 billion, an increase of 2.1% versus Q2 of last year. I will discuss our revenue growth in further detail in a few minutes. Moving down the P&L below revenue, our Q2 EBITDA increased 4.3% to $590 million and the resulting EBITDA margin 15.2% represented a 30 basis point increase over Q2 of last year. The margin improvement, which is also in line with our expectations for the full year of 2016 as a result of our continuing efforts to leverage scale as we continue to pursue efficiency initiatives in the areas of real estate, back office services, information technology, and strategic purchasing across the entire organization. Operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 4.3% to $562 million with operating margin improving to 14.5% in line with the increase in our EBITDA margin. Now turning to the items below operating income, net interest expense for the quarter was $44.8 million, up $4.7 million versus the first quarter of 2016 and up $10.2 million versus Q2 of 2015. The increase in net interest expense versus the first quarter was primarily due to the termination of the fixed to floating rate swaps on our 2016 and 2022 notes.  As you know, in April, we issued $1.4 billion of tenure senior notes and redeemed $1 billion of notes that reach maturity on April 15. Although we incrementally added 400 million in debt, it had little effect on interest expense as rates have declined compared to when the 2016 notes were issued. Interest income earned in Q2 was lower compared to Q1 of 2016 as a result of lower interest earned on our cash balances, which were lower on average during Q2.  Similarly, as compared to Q2 of last year the increase in net interest expense of $10.2 million was primarily related to the termination of the fixed to floating rate swaps on our 2016 and 2022 notes. Additionally, our interest income on our cash balances held by our international treasury centers decreased year-over-year, primarily driven by negative FX translation. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.5%, which is down slightly versus Q1 of 2016 and the prior-year as well, as result of some small tax planning items.  Earnings from our affiliates total $2.8 million for the quarter down a bit versus Q2 of last year. The allocation of earnings to minority shareholders in our less than fully on subsidiaries decreased by $3 million to $25.8 million. The decrease is primarily a result of two factors; first, the impact of FX because a large portion of our less than fully-owned subsidiaries are located outside the U.S. and second, the purchase of minority interest in certain subsidiaries over the past year. As a result, net income was $326 million that's an increase of $12 million or 3.9% versus Q2 of last year.  Turning to Slide 3, the remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter after allocation of $2 million of net income to participating securities was $324 million, an increase of 4.5% versus last year. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was 239 million shares, which is down 2.7% versus last year, as a result of repurchases of shares over the past year.  As a result, diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.36, up $0.10 or 7.9%, versus Q2 of 2015. On Slides 4 through 6, we provide the summary P&L, EPS, and other information for the year-to-date period, and for the year to date results are essentially in line with the results for the quarter, I will just give you a few highlights . Our organic revenue growth of 3.6% during the first six months of the year, the FX headwind reduced revenue by 2.2%.  Factoring in the increase from acquisitions net of dispositions of 0.1%, our revenue increased on a year-to-date basis by 1.5% to just under $7.4 billion. EBITDA increased 4.1% to just over $1 billion. As a result of the initiatives we mentioned over the last several calls, both our EBITDA and operating margins on a year-to-date basis have increased consistent with the increase from Q2.  And on Slide 6, you can see our six month diluted EPS with $2.25 per share, which is up $0.16 or 7.7% versus 2015. Turning to Slide 7, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. Starting with FX for the quarter, the net impact decreased our revenue by $63 million or 1.6%. The dollar remains relatively strong overall and when compared to Q2 of 2015 strengthened on a reported basis against most of our major currencies, including the pound, the reis, the Chinese Yuan and the Australian and Canadian dollars.  However, the U.S. dollar weakened on a reported basis against the euro and the yen. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are, the negative impact of FX may reduce revenue by about 1.5% during the third quarter and for the full-year. That being said, given the result of the Brexit though and the current volatility in the pound, as well as other global currencies, this estimate is certainly subject to further change as we move through the second half of the year. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions increase revenues $13.2 million in the quarter or 0.3%. Along with the acquisition of Grupo ABC in Brazil during the first quarter, this figure includes the impact of the acquisitions we’ve made in the U.S. and Europe over the past 12 months. The net figure also includes the impact of some strategic dispositions that we’ve completed as well.  Going forward, we expect the net impact of acquisitions and dispositions will continue to be positive by about approximately 50 basis points per quarter. Finally, organic growth was positive $129 million with 3.4% this quarter. It was a solid quarter of growth across all of our major markets with the exception of Brazil, France, and the Netherlands.  The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included the continued strong performance across our media businesses, as well as several of our advertising brands, our full-service healthcare businesses, which turned in solid performances and despite weaknesses in France and the Netherlands the euro markets overall had positive organic growth .  The Asia-Pacific region also had solid performances across almost all of our markets. And in Latin America excellent performance by our agencies in Mexico, which offset the continued challenges experienced in Brazil. Further highlighting our regional mix of business on Slide 8, you can see during the quarter the split was 60% for North America, 9% for the UK, 16% for the rest of Europe, 10% for Asia-Pacific, 3% for Latin America, and 2% for Africa and the Middle East.  Turning to the details of the performance by region on Slide 9, in North America we had organic revenue growth of 3.2%, driven by the continued strong performance of our media businesses, as well as several advertising brands and our full-service healthcare businesses. In Europe, the UK had organic growth of 3.3% on the strength of our specialty healthcare and PR businesses.  The rest of Europe was up 4.3%, led by our agencies in Spain and the Czech Republic with a solid performance in Poland and Russia as well. Germany was also positive, while the Netherlands and France lagged with negative growth. The Asia-Pacific reason was up 4.5% most markets growing very well during the quarter including greater China and Japan. Although relatively small, we also saw double-digit organic growth from many of our emerging market countries in the region, including India, Indonesia, Thailand, and Vietnam.  In Latin America, strong performance by our agencies in Mexico offset continued weakness in Brazil as the region was up organically 1.7% for the quarter. Brazil was down once again, but the negative impact this quarter was better compared to Q1 of 2016. However, it is still too early to tell when the political and economic situation will stabilize. In Africa and Middle East, which is our smallest region was slightly negative.  Slide 10 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the quarter, the split was 53% for advertising services and 47% for marketing services. Our advertising discipline was up 7.7% in the quarter led by the performance of our global media businesses and several of our advertising brands.  While CRM was down 2.7%, the results were mixed across businesses and geographies. The reduction in CRM was driven primarily by our events, field marketing, and point of sale businesses. PR was flat this quarter. As we mentioned the last quarter's call, we expect this performance to continue to improve as we move through the second half of the year. And specialty, medications was up 4.4% organically. The solid performance was driven by Omnicom Health Group with several new business wins by our full-service healthcare agencies.  On Slide 11, we present our mix of business by industry sector. When comparing the year-to-date revenue for 2016 to 2015 you can see there was some minor shift in the distribution of our client revenue by industry, but nothing particularly significant. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 12, you can see that in the first six months of the year, we generated $722 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital.  As for our primary uses of the cash on Slide 13, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $243 million. Keep in mind though the 10% increase in our quarterly dividend that we announced back in April was effective with the payment we made in early July. The cash flow impact of the increase will be seen starting in Q3. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $52 million. This is down versus last year, due to the purchase of additional shares from our local partners in prior periods.  Capital expenditures were $78 million, acquisitions including earn-out payments totaled $360 million, and stock repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $352 million. All in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $362 million in the first half of the year.  Turning to Slide 14, regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt at June 30, 2016 of just over $5 billion is up about $490 million from this time last year, reflecting the incremental $400 million increase in our borrowings related to the debt issuance back in April, as well as an increase in the non-cash fair value of our debt of about $90 million, directly related to and offset by the positive fair value of the respective interest rate swaps on our debt, as required to be reported on the balance sheet under U.S. GAAP.  Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $3.5 billion, up $310 million versus the June 30, 2015 amount, primarily resulting from two non-cash items in the quarter. The increase in debt from the increase in the fair value of our interest rate swaps and the reduction in cash from the negative effects of FX translation at the balance sheet date from our foreign cash balances.  Additionally, positive change in operating capital of approximately $250 million was more than offset by our overspend of free cash flow of $290 million. Net debt increased by $1.546 billion, compared to year-end, as a result of the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of approximately $362 million and uses of working capital that typically occur on our first half of the year of approximately $1.1 billion.  As for our ratios, they’ve increased slightly, reflecting the increase in our debt since this time last year. Our total debt to EBITDA was 2.2 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.6 times. Due to the increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio went down to 11.4 times, but it remains quite solid. Turning to Slide 15, we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions.  For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital increased to 18.4% and return on equity increased to 45.3%. And finally, on slide 16 we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 plus years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2006 through Q2 of 2016, which totaled $10.1 million. And the bars, show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period totaled $11.2 billion or cumulative payout ratio of 111%.  And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we’ve included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your view, but at this point we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
John Wren: Excuse me operator, before we start the questions, we are happy to have Daryl Simm, the CEO of Omnicom Media Group with us here today for the Q&A session. We’ve had him with us before and we thought having him with us today would be helpful for those listening. So, if you could get started with the Q&A that would be great.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes in the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani : Thank you. Just two questions please, the first one is, just looking at your organic growth and your guidance, your performance in the first half, your guidance for the full-year, if you look at the midpoint of the guidance it does sort of imply a little bit of a deceleration in the back half, yet I think you’ve mentioned the kick in of accounts I think one on July 1 might be a bit of a benefit in the back half. You think that's just an element of conservatism just given the economy and all that or is there something else that we are not seeing? Then I have a follow-up.
John Wren : I think as I said in the final paragraph in my prepared remarks is we remain cautiously optimistic. We have the Olympics coming up in just a couple of days, and if our CRM business - it's events start coming back that should benefit us quite a bit in terms of our organic revenue growth would be.
Phil Angelastro : You are right. There is still quite a bit of uncertainty out there in terms of what the Brexit really means, how soon it may or may not have an impact in the US elections, the Brazilian economy etc. So, we are - while we are optimistic we're certainly cautious at the same time.
John Wren : I would say the fundamentals of the businesses are sound though across…
Alexia Quadrani: I'm sorry just to be specific on the, maybe Phil or either John on the commentary you had on the ANA, I appreciate all the color you gave John around that in your opening remarks, but just more specifically on the, when you look at the contract negotiations going forward in light of these findings on this reported I should say, do you think that they there will be more cumbersome? Do think they will be more costly in any way? I mean, is there any sort of indirect maybe hit that we are not necessarily assuming out there?
John Wren: I will throw that one to Daryl, who would have a more specific…
Daryl Simm: Yes. I think I will start the answer to that the question by saying that we certainly followed the - following the release of the study contacted all of our clients as we mentioned in the remarks to review the buying practices that we have within our agencies, and we received fairly supportive feedback from the majority of them. Some of them have asked for clarification specific to their business and naturally we’ve answered that, but all these clients ordered us on a regular basis and that continues to be the case as we move forward. So, specific to your question, naturally there is more scrutiny in the area, but the contracts that are written between ourselves and our clients are as you might expect very comprehensive in nature and we don't see any change in that.
Alexia Quadrani: If I could just squeeze one more in, since we’re lucky enough to have Daryl on the phone, Darrell on the upfront, the strength in the upfront that we’ve seen, how much of that do you think is, I think John you mentioned double-digit price increase in some cases, how much of that is just a shift out of scatter sort of the reallocation, how much of it is overall maybe a slight increase to our strength in the TV market?
Daryl Simm : You definitely hit one of the factors. A year ago, we did see, over the past year I should say we did see some significant scatter premiums so part of the move is undoubtedly some advertisers moving more to the upfront to avoid the experience they had a year ago paying those big premiums, but I do think there are couple other factors contributing to the price increase itself. You've got the pattern of diminished audiences, so there is less supply there. We’ve also seen some advertisers that while they are continuing to grow their digital budgets there is a tap at the brakes in that space as some react to concerns about the view ability or fraud matters. We see the demand is up some points. The prices are up higher than the increases in revenue because of the decreases in supply and we will have to see as the year unfolds whether those revenue increases hold and scatter.
Alexia Quadrani : Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes they line of Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon : Hi good morning everyone. John, one of the comments you made in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you are seeing some increased caution from clients and that it’s particularly being seen in the CRM division. Could you maybe just expand on that a little bit and then I’ll have maybe a follow-up for Daryl as well.
John Wren : Sure. We’ve seen in a couple of areas and those tend to be gross businesses, so the revenue impact is actually larger than in some other cases. Earlier in the year, we saw -- when the oil prices fell, we saw some Middle East countries that we had done events for, canceled those events in an effort to not knowing their future. That oil seems to be stabilizing, those may come back next year. And then with Paris and San Bernardino in a bunch of other terrorist type of, either domestic or planned, clients really are taking a hard look at some of the events that they would typically throw and they pull back on them, they canceled them where they could. But not certainly every event, but it was enough to have an impact of a couple of percent on our growth in the quarter.
Dan Salmon : Great and then maybe just a follow-up for Daryl, you mentioned the capping of the brakes in digital around some of the issues on transparency, fraud otherwise, I'm going to assume that that is largely outside of the big two of Facebook and Google and that they are continuing to gain share within your budgets, is that a fair observation that it's some of the middle to longer tail sites and properties that feel that break tapping as a result of caution around the ecosystem a bit?
John Wren : I think, what you are seeing is a general concern among some advertisers that's causing if you will the tapping of the brakes, while the issues may exist in some pockets more than others it does have a - it does soften the overall growth of the category. So, indeed there are areas that are more problematic than others, but it's an overall budget tapping of the brakes that we see among some advertisers at the moment.
Daryl Simm : The only thing that I would add is this a growing feeling on the part of big advertisers that you can't grade your homework when it comes to measurement and with more money being dedicated to digital new standards are going to have to get agreed to so they can measure the ROI or the efforts that they are putting in.
Dan Salmon : Great, thanks both.
Operator: You next question comes in the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen : Hi, thanks. I would like to follow up on your comments on Brixit John, just wondering can you say if you saw any weakness in the UK heading into the vote. Can you give any further color or commentary on any client reactions to the vote? And do you think there would be any spillover effects beyond the UK and I'm actually wondering if we could spend this positively and wonder if any potential slowdown in the UK might mean clients would allocate spending to other regions like the US if the economy here remains fairly strong. And then a follow-on, but related question perhaps more for Phil. Talking about the FX impact, I hear what you said about the impact on revenues. I'm assuming the impact on earnings from pound dollar would be almost nothing, but I just want to clarify that. And then if there's anything to know about interest expense FX impacts from here on? Thanks.
John Wren : Sure. Well, Brixit with recent and I think there will be uncertainty until we get greater color, they’ve just changed governments on some of the trade arrangements that the UK is able to enter into with the rest of Europe, its biggest trading partner. So, there could be shifts, there have been voices about banks making moves, but I think it's way too early to tell. The biggest impact is that we were in [indiscernible], and when you look at the demographics everybody from the UK that was there went to bed Thursday night thinking that the vote would fail and it passed. So, there is still a lot, a bit of uncertainty. We represented everywhere, so if there's a shift from one market to another, we can easily follow it and pick it up without any real destruction to our business.
Phil Angelastro: Just picking up specifically on FX impact, the impact on margins this quarter was maybe 5 basis points negative, probably a little less. I think we are finding although, FX is not always intuitive at the connection between the impact it has on revenues and our margins because it depends on where the FX movements are, what market they are in and the relative margins of those markets, generally we find when FX is plus or minus 1%, maybe 2% typically doesn’t impact our margins that much, there could be exceptions, but we haven't found that this year yet. And as far as interest expense goes, and/or interest income, FX might have as we’ve experienced in the last year, year and a half here might have somewhat of an impact on our interest income on our cash balances overseas, but not on our interest expense.
John Wren : But we weren't in pounds, too much prior to the vote is a matter of precaution.
Tim Nollen : My question on the FX impact was really pound/dollar and assuming your costs are there as well there probably is minimal impact on FX from the pound/dollar exchange rate just be clear, it's just those two currencies?
Phil Angelastro : Yeah I think that's right. I think certainly the revenues we earned and our cost base whether it's people, rent, etc. is almost all in the same currency in the UK. So, we don't think it will have negative impact on us, as far as our margins go.
Tim Nollen : Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler : Good morning thanks very much. I've got one for John, one for Phil and then a quick one for Daryl if I could. So, John, I wanted to go back to your comments on the CRM segment, you noted and called out some of the issues around events and I think those are all very understandable. However, when we look back over a longer timeframe, it does look like the segment has been underperforming, so I was just wondering if you could update us on kind of the larger assets within the CRM segment and if there any other trends that you could point out in terms of client desirability and services in there and whether adjustments would be made etc. So that's for John. Phil, wondering if you could quickly update us on the programmatic Accuen contribution from the digital media pass through and then finally for Daryl, fully understand that your response to ANA, I think we all appreciate the comments. Just wondering if you think the appetite for opaque models will change it all as a result of that report. Thanks very much.
John Wren: CRM and some of the bigger assets are like Rapp Collins, Proximity of various brands that we have. We've recently made some management changes in those areas because we're unsatisfied with the pace of growth that we have. Looking at it longer term, as you get into addressable TV and you get into measure things more closely we believe CRM is going to become more and more important as you look forward. So, we are making investments, we are making changes and going through quite a bit of effort in the whole area.
Phil Angelastro : On your specific question related to Accuen, the growth this quarter was $18 million, which I think is what you are looking for right Peter?
Peter Stabler : Yes. Thanks. And then Daryl any quick thoughts on the appetite for opaque models unaffected or…?
Daryl Simm : Yeah. When it comes to principle-based models it's too early I think to tell. It is, soon after the ANA study has been released. The clients still express a high level of comfort, but having said that we have been growing the programmatic business in the early days on a direct response ROI outcome-based models and we are seeing a shift that is towards more brand-based advertisers in looking for more effective targeting, they're looking for engagement and I think as this continues to evolve we will see a reduction in the share of programmatic that's on a performance basis or in a principle based model. Of course all of those clients that are participating on that basis are opting in to that model when it's principle based in programmatic.
Peter Stabler : Got it. Thanks so much.
Phil Angelastro: What we said before Peter is even though Accuen has been around for two or three years now in full operations, we're happy to provide our clients with those services using whatever model they prefer. Ultimately, we want to go in and grow our EBITDA dollars first and foremost whatever model they are comfortable with, we're happy to provide it to them and were going to see how it continues to evolve as it gets more mature and, as Daryl had said, as more clients move more of their budgets into programmatic.
Peter Stabler: Thanks, Phil.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Tom Eagan from Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Tom Eagan: Great, thanks. Daryl, I wonder if you could clarify a comment you made about the digital platform concerns. You mentioned client impacting their budget. So are budgets lowering? And/or are they migrating dollars to TV? And then I have a follow-up.
Daryl Simm: The budgets are not going down. The budgets are still growing in the digital space. I would say the pace of growth among some advertisers have slowed for the reasons that I mentioned, but they are still growing.
Tom Eagan: And so is the – any slowing of the growth in digital, is that being offset by growth in TV?
Daryl Simm: It’s certainly one of the – one of the factors that is helping lift the television marketplace in the U.S. that we are seeing at the moment.
Tom Eagan: Okay. And then just secondly, you may have said this already, John or Phil, but could you give us a sense of when we might expect to see the billings form P&G and VW and Carnival impact the revenue line? Thanks.
John Wren: I think even though we’ve got a modest transition from P&G in the second quarter, we take over full responsibility starting July 1 and Volkswagen doesn't start until January 1 and I believe it's a multiyear contract.
Tom Eagan: Any of the other wins?
John Wren: Generally on most of the other wins – until a week ago – but there is normally at least a 90-day lag before – between winning the business and seeing the first dollar of revenue.
Phil Angelastro: We got a clock. There is quite a bit of activity every quarter in terms of both wins and losses. It's not all wins. There is quite a bit of turn especially when you consider depending on how you count them, we've got 1000 agencies or more.
John Wren: Right.
Phil Angelastro: So the model does tend to help us be a little bit less volatile and a little more consistent at Omnicom level at least.
John Wren: I would also add that, sitting here today, I have more hunters than I do farmers, so we are doing pretty well in new business though.
Tom Eagan: In Q1 John, you mentioned that the net win was about $4 billion, you expected the net win would be $4 billion for the full year, is that numbers still good?
John Wren: Phil? You – probably better.
Phil Angelastro: In terms of the – I can tell you for the quarter – second quarter, the net number was about – just about $950 million that excludes Volkswagen and Volkswagen has been reported in the press at depending on whence report you read between $1 billion, $1.5 billion or $1.6 billion and $3 billion of billings. We don’t really put a lot of stock in this billings number but people certainly seem to want it, so we do our best to provide it. And frankly, we are happy to let people choose whichever number they want to put on the Volkswagen one as far as billings. We don't yet have a sense for what our revenue numbers going to be from Volkswagen, it's going to take some time to get a better handle on that and ultimately that's what our focus is.
John Wren: Right. Did that answer your question? I am far more comfortable that it would exceed $4 billion now than I was when I first made the prediction.
Tom Eagan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Dix from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
James Dix: Good morning, gentlemen. I had three I think fairly short ones. I guess just geographically what was your growth in China, I'm not sure I heard that in the quarter and obviously people are interested in it because of the macro. Then secondly, what was the impact of all your pass-through revenues on organic growth in the quarter? I know Phil you gave the impact from Accuen, but just beyond that was there any impact that we should be thinking about? And then finally, I guess for Daryl, maybe anything in particular that surprised you about the growth of U.S. TV advertising over the past year? You mentioned a couple of factors, which you think have gone into it, but anything which given your expert perspective has struck you as surprising including anything that's come out of the upfront would be interesting. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: On the China question, growth in greater China was probably a little bit over 3%, 3% to 3.5% for greater China. As far as the pass-through impact on revenue, we just don't track it that way. We're focused on our revenue growth overall, we don't kind of pick and choose what we may consider to be good or bad. We report in accordance with GAAP. We don't have a hybrid revenue number. We expect our agencies and our managers to manage the full P&L and not pick and choose what can be excluded or included. So we just don't track it that way.
John Wren: And I might add that there is -- under GAAP there is revenue associated with every dollar of recorded revenue. So unlike some other people who operate under different stock exchanges, we don't use headline numbers.
James Dix: Okay. I just want to make because you did call out CRM declining, is it fair to say that there tends to be more pass-through revenue in that type of business – event business?
John Wren: In the event of section – part of that business, there tends to be where you are taking responsibility for partying; you are contracting out to get services performed by third parties. That tends to be more of a principal transaction.
James Dix: Okay. So we might have seen a little bit more impact on that this quarter just because of what you talked about already?
John Wren: Absolutely.
James Dix: Yeah, okay.
Phil Angelastro: The other thing to keep in mind for us is those businesses certainly aren't new. We had all of them for quite some time.
John Wren: Correct. And businesses like [indiscernible] so we like the proximity, which is also part of CRM, tend to be more like agency, they tend to be fees.
James Dix: Okay, great. And just on the TV market?
Daryl Simm: Yeah, I can't say that there are major surprises there. I mean the advertisers [indiscernible] site, sound and motion and they will continue to be in terms of the most effective way to represent and engage with consumers their brands. So, as I said earlier, the strength that we see in the marketplace is the combination of, I would say, a modest increase in terms of budgets and a decrease in terms of supply and a concern about higher rates that were paid a year ago, our major contributors to the kind of strength that we see in the upfront. So, no, I don't see any, I would say significant surprises in that and nor am I surprised that again for the reasons I mentioned earlier that there is a tap of the brake among some clients that are concerned about their message getting through for reasons of [indiscernible].
James Dix: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tracy Young from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tracy Young: Yeah, hi. I will keep this quick. I guess just following up on your comments regarding CRM and your expectation that business should improve in the second half, do you think that’s related to seasonal or just your expectations that that's going to improve? And then in terms of the net income to controlling interest that line, do you think that based on your comments earlier, do think that will decline versus last year on a full-year basis? Thanks.
John Wren: Well, we are about to go through our six plus six forecast meetings starting in about two weeks where I would have a lot more specific information about what our expectations are in terms of events, but we did see some impactful slowdown in the quarter from things that were canceled. So I remain optimistic, but I don't – Omnicom is not run quarterly, it's run over a longer period of time, so as long as the services we are providing are still a value to our clients, we will continue to make investments in them.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah, I think we always say in any one particular quarter don't draw a trend, I think we have seen though in the event businesses here more than just one quarter of a bit of deceleration. Sometimes those things take a little time to cycle. So, again, we'll have a better sense after we spend more time going through the next six months of the year with the management teams as where we are going to shakeout for the year.
Tracy Young: Okay.
Phil Angelastro: And as far as minority interests, our concern on controlling interests declining for the rest of the year. I think we actually hope it doesn't because that means that the businesses with minority owners are performing better and we're getting – they're getting their share of a larger piece of pie.
Tracy Young: Yeah.
Phil Angelastro: But there is a bit of – we did acquire some additional interests within the last 12 months or within the last six months I'd say that might bring that number down a bit. And the rest of it, the bigger impact frankly on that number typically is FX, so it's possible that FX will reduce numbers, it’s possible FX will have positive impact on that number depends on what market it's in.
Tracy Young: Okay, thank you very much.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. I think we have time for one more question operator.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Richard Tullo from Albert Fried. Please go ahead.
Rich Tullo: Hi, guys. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I thought it was a pretty good performance in very challenging times. My first question is on the nature of the events in CRM, are these more like music festivals, large-scale events, or they regionally targeted in South America only to Zika or is it just business cycle related?
John Wren: Well, the events go across great amount of activities. One which didn’t repeat this year was in one of [indiscernible] and that was based on education. In China, with the changes of what the Chinese government is doing a lot of luxury goods producers have cut back on the type of events that they are throwing in those markets and in places like Paris where there's been tragedies, we've seen a couple of events cut back or slowdown, so they are not music festivals.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah, it could be events related, I mean it could be entertainment related, it could be sports related, it could be – and typically mostly is specific clients and product driven, it can be related to conventions, it could be related to auto shows, new car launches, really run the gamut of the type of events that those businesses will put on for its clients and it is a global business. Although – I think it could change relatively quickly both up or down.
Rich Tullo: Okay. And this next question is for Daryl, in regard to the upfront, was the 10% gain attributed on the linear TV feed? Is there bigger gains on the video-on-demand advertising that's being sold? And is digital being bundled into that 10% more and more?
Daryl Simm: There's not a lot of digital bundled into that 10% number when a agreement is reached with the kind of vendor you might be thinking, although, at an increasing amount. However, the clients are as, I mentioned just a few moments ago, are focused on site, sound and motion and on increasing their digital spend in the video space. So, there continues to be a swing in terms of the share of budget in digital to video fairly aggressively. So you can take from that what you will in terms of the price strength of the video in the digital space.
Rich Tullo: Excellent. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
John Wren: Okay, thank you, everybody. Thanks for joining the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President-Investor Relations John Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Philip Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Tim Nollen - Macquarie Craig Huber - Huber Research Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Julien Roch - Barclays Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Dan Salmon - BMO Capital
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's conference, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2016 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted on our website at www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release along with the presentation which covers the information that we will review. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. And to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. 2016 marks Omnicom's 30th anniversary and I am pleased to report that we are off to a good start. First quarter organic growth was 3.8%. We also improved our margins by 30 basis points in the quarter and are on track to deliver a 30 basis point margin improvement for the full year 2016, or 13.7% EBITDA versus 13.4% for this past year. The effect of large currency swings in 2015 continued to negatively impact us in the first quarter leading to a reduction in revenue of $97 million or just under 3%. At this point, we expect the impact of foreign exchange rates to moderate to more neutral levels in the second half of 2016. Phil will cover the impact of currencies on our business in more detail later in the call. As I look at the broader economy and geopolitical environment there is still quite a bit of hesitation in the marketplace. The capital market swings we saw in the first quarter, the unchartered actions of central banks around the world and the tragic events in Brussels, Paris and other cities is creating uncertainty for consumers and corporations and a cautious approach to spending. Given this environment our operational results were very good for the quarter. Looking at organic growth by region, North America was up by 4.5%, driven by performance in media and advertising.  UK growth was up 2.2%. Media as well as specialty healthcare performed well in the quarter. However, the UK faced difficult comps versus the first quarter of 2015. Like you we are tracking the potential outcome of the EU referendum in June. But it is too early for us to speculate on what the direct or indirect impact of Brexit would be on our operations in the UK or the rest of Europe. In continental Europe, our organic growth was 3%. In the Euro currency markets, Germany continued to perform well with single digit growth. France also had growth in the quarter, while the southern countries of Portugal, Spain, Italy all outperformed. Outside the Euro market, the Czech Republic and Turkey generated solid results. Turning to Asia Pacific, it was up by 0.1% in the quarter. China, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand led the way with double-digit increases. And finally, Latin America was down 7.8%. A significant decline in Brazil was offset in part by double-digit organic growth in Mexico. Brazil given its size had a disproportionate and large effect on our Latin American results for the quarter. The current political and economic uncertainty in Brazil makes it difficult to predict top line trends. However, all of our agencies are closely scrutinizing their operations to manage costs in this environment. Despite the current situation, we remain committed to and bullish on the long-term prospects in Brazil. As I mentioned earlier, our margins in the quarter improved 30 basis points versus the prior year. The initiatives we have undertaken in areas such as information technology, real estate back-office services, and strategic purchasing as well as our agency’s continuous focus on cost management were the drivers for this improvement.  Looking at our bottom line, despite the currency impacts on the US dollar our net income was up 4.4% in the quarter and our average share count was down over 2.5% from the prior year. The combined result was an increase in EPS of 8.4% to $0.90 per share for the quarter versus $0.83 per share for the same quarter a year ago. Our cash flow, balance sheet and liquidity remained very strong. During the quarter we generated $360 million in free cash flow and returned over $320 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In April, we announced a 10% increase of our quarterly dividend to $0.55 per share. We also raised $1.4 billion through the issuance of senior notes, which was closed first week of April. The majority of the proceeds from the bond offering were used to repay $1 billion worth of debt that matured on April 15. On January 29, we closed the Grupo ABC acquisition. The first quarter includes two months of the Grupo ABC results. Following these events, our credit ratings remain unchanged and at our target level, while our leverage and interest coverage ratios remain very strong. Looking forward, we stay committed to our priorities for the use of free cash flow, paying dividends, pursuing acquisitions with the right fit and price, and share repurchases. Overall I am very pleased with our performance for the quarter. While it is still early at this point, we are on course to meet our internal targets for the full year. Before I cover some of the changes occurring in our industry and business, I like to address a few board and governance changes we have recently made, which are disclosed in our proxy. Our lead director, Len Coleman, has been given additional authority and responsibilities, including taking a more active role in our shareholder engagement process providing a direct channel of communication between our shareholders and the board. Additionally we have taken concrete steps to refresh the board, a new director, Debbie Kissire, joined the board, and our audit committee in March. Debbie is a former Vice-Chair and regional managing partner of Ernst & Young, and will be a valuable addition. In addition, two of our long serving board members, Gary Roubos and Errol Cook, will be stepping down before the annual meeting in May. I want to welcome Debbie and to thank Gary and Errol for their many years of dedicated service, leadership and commitment to Omnicom. These changes and others that will be taking place over the next several years will strengthen Omnicom's governance structure and improve communications with our shareholders. Let me now discuss what we are seeing in the industry, and how our strategies allow us to achieve consistent financial results. In a changing and uncertain world some things are constant. Our steady and strategic focus on our growth priorities has served the group well. We remain focused on attracting, retaining and developing top talent, expanding our global footprint and moving into new service areas, and leveraging our data and analytical capabilities, and delivering breakthrough creative ideas and solutions based upon meaningful consumer insights across all marketing disciplines and communications. These areas of focus combined with our world-class agency brands and deep client relationships are keeping our company ahead of the competition in this shifting marketing landscape. The first quarter of this year reflected our focus on talent and broadening our service offerings to meet the changing needs of our clients. Clients want best in class agencies and specialty services. Our agencies and people need to be connected to achieve the end to end integration our clients demand. We [Indiscernible] to assembling the best talents from across our Omnicom network to serve the clients at the C-Suite level [connected brilliance]. As the name implies, [connected brilliance] is an organizing principal and business philosophy that says no matter where a person sits in the Omnicom network she or he can be connected and involved as part of one team to drive superior results on behalf of a client. Our efforts in this area are driven through both formal and informal practices that preserve the individuality and culture of our agency brands and deliver customized and integrated solutions to our clients. We believe our networks and agencies are already ahead of the competition on this front.  However to build our leadership position, in February we announced the formation of specialized groups in healthcare and public relations. The healthcare organization, Omnicom Health Group, offers clients a single point of access to our network of over 3000 dedicated communication and scientific specialists working in the largest, strongest, individual healthcare specialty units in the business. The group is led by one of our seasoned executives, Ed Wise, former CEO of CDM Group. Ed and his team will make it easier for pharmaceutical clients, as well as direct to consumer healthcare brands to tap into our service offerings in this area. As part of the healthcare offering we also recently announced the launch of TBWA\WorldHealth. TBWA\WorldHealth brings together the pharmaceutical brands and professional expertise of two of our healthcare agencies with the consumer brands and creative skill sets of TBWA. Together the people in this group excel at delivering differentiated offerings to both our professional and direct to consumer brands. Sharon Callahan, another seasoned executive, and former CEO of professional healthcare agency, LLNS, will be CEO of TBWA\WorldHealth, and will continue to serve as Chief Client Officer for Omnicom Health Group. Robin Shapiro, former CEO of Corbett, will serve as the President. The PR organization, Omnicom Public Relations Group, encompasses ten public relations agencies, including three of the top global PR agencies worldwide, Fleishman-Hillard, Ketchum, and Porter Novelli, with over 6000 employees. Industry veteran, Karen van Bergen, formerly CEO of Porter Novelli, will lead Omnicom's Public Relations Group. The benefits from forming these groups are numerous. We will be better equipped to deploy and align our agencies and talent to capabilities and expertise that best fits our clients’ needs. We will be able to hire, train and develop top talent and provide greater career opportunities across each of these categories. The alignments will also provide know-how in economies and areas such as technology, data solutions, production and analytics as well as digital development. Lastly, we will be able to make investments and pursue acquisitions that will benefit all agencies across the groups. However, in making these changes what we are not doing is combining or eliminating our individual agencies’ distinct cultures. As I mentioned earlier, it is part of our heritage to respect the individuality and culture of our agency brands and it sets our apart from the competition. So we will ensure that our people will benefit from being part of these new groups while remaining connected to the individual culture of their agencies. I am pleased to report that after a short period of time we are seeing results from both of the new groups. Omnicom Healthcare Group has already been invited to participate in a global created review for all of the consumer health brands from one of our clients, and Omnicom PR is currently working on several new business opportunities, including a significant global pitch that is underway across multiple PR firms, in collaboration with other Omnicom agencies. Together and as strong independent brands I am confident that both Omnicom Public Relations Group and Omnicom Healthcare Group will provide the best of the best in the business from talent and ideas to innovation and creativity for the benefit of our people and our clients. Another area where we are both broadening and deepening our service offering with the best talent and latest technology is in media. Technology and data have radically changed the media business. Years ago when media was unbundled from creative agencies the focus was on buying scale and efficiency, and this goal stayed front and center with global advertisers for many years.  Today while scale and efficiency remain important, targeting, measurement and effectiveness have become essential in the fluid and personalized world where consumers are accessing a wide variety of content on different devices. The rise of digital data and analytics has given us the ability to more precisely understand how consumers are accessing media and how they are responding to messages. Given this new reality it is not surprising that an increasing number of clients are becoming more focused on how data informed media can be effective at driving business results, and then less focused on legacy media specific measurements. As an example, our data platform contains ordinance behavior information and we are now going a step further by integrating cultural trends using information derived from our cultural intelligence system. This system allows us to understand shifts in cultures and gives insight into where the world is going. We can then fuse the behavioral and cultural insights to provide our creative and media agencies with more informed [Indiscernible] that can tap into these trends. All of this is done 24 a day in real time. As I mentioned on our last conference call, in the fourth quarter of 2015 Omnicom was awarded the media planning and buying business of Procter & Gamble North America. The win is a great example of how our media organization has integrated data and analytics and marketing science capabilities into its core service. Coming out of this, our media group has launched a new media agency alongside our leading OMD and PHD brands. We recently announced the formation of Hearts & Science, which is being led by Scott Hagedorn, formerly CEO of Annalect, with Kathleen Brookbanks, previously of OMD, serving as COO. Hearts & Science has a unique positioning in the media space as a data driven marketing agency. It has been established from day one to share the same qualities as our Annalect data and analytics platform, which is now at the foundation of all of our media agencies. That means Hearts & Science will strive to be agile in process to use technology at scale and to employ open standards and to excel in an addressable media world. Given Scott’s new role at Hearts & Science, Slavi Samardzija as global CEO and Erin Matts as North American CEO, will succeed him at Annalect.  Now I would like to turn to a topic that has always been a priority for Omnicom, creating a great environment for great people to work. A critical aspect of achieving our talent development goals is creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. That means diversity in backgrounds, race, gender, age and experience. Quite frankly we need to look more like the businesses people and consumers we do business with and it has been a priority at Omnicom to create a diverse world-class workforce that reflects our global community. Omnicom's commitment to diversity starts from the top with our independent board members now including four women and two minority members. In 2009, Omnicom created a role of senior vice president and chief diversity officer. This role has since expanded throughout the company. Our individual networks now employ their own directors of diversity or chief diversity officers and 12 professionals are dedicated full-time to overseeing and advancing diversity and inclusion efforts at every level of our organization. A few years ago a leading group of women at Omnicom launched Omniwomen, an effort designed to increase the influence and number of women leaders throughout the company. Recently Omniwomen hosted a historic panel with our network CEOs discussing the topic of women's leadership and its importance to doing business in the 21st century. The leadership of Omniwomen and I firmly believe that this is not a women’s issue, but a business issue that needs commitment from the top. But words are just words if actions don't follow, and I'm proud of the actions we are seeing within Omnicom. A number of our networks have launched their own programs to increase the influence of women, including TBWA Take the Lead 2020, [TDB] talent as an agenda, [Indiscernible] is seeking to double its senior women creatives over the next 12 months. In the US media group, 50% of the people that are director level or above and work in data and analytics are women, and women run 40% of the top performing agencies in a DAS network. These are just a few of the many initiatives and data points that illustrate the focus Omnicom places on the topic of diversity and inclusion. We have made great strides in the area of diversity, that as Wendy Clark, CEO of DDB, North America recently said, and I agree, we need to remain restless on the discussion of gender and diversity and not allow it to become a conversation only when something wrong happens. Omnicom enters its 30th year as a talented and more diverse organization all around the world. We achieved our goals for organic revenue growth, margins and profitability in the first quarter and we are on track for a successful 2016.  I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the first quarter results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. As John said during the first quarter of 2016, our businesses continued to meet the financial and strategic objectives we have set for them, as well as adapt for the ever evolving needs of their clients. As a result of these efforts, our businesses have continued their strong operating performance. Our organic revenue growth of 3.8% in Q1 was a little bit better than our expectation. As has been the case for over a year, FX continues to create a negative headwind on our revenue although this past quarter, it was at a lower level than it has been in quite a while. In Q1, the impact of FX reduced revenue by 2.8% or $97 million. Except for Japan, reported FX was negative again across every one of our significant foreign markets. As a result, total revenue for the quarter was about $3.5 billion, an increase of just shy of 1% versus Q1 last year. I will discuss our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes.  Moving down the P&L, [low revenue], our EBITDA increased 3.8% to $420 million. The resulting EBITDA margin was 12%, which was up 30 basis points over Q1 of last year. The margin improvement which was in line with our expectations for the full year of 2016 is the result of our continuing efforts to leverage our scale, to increase operating efficiencies throughout the organization as we continue to pursue several initiatives in the areas of real estate, information technology, back-office services and strategic purchasing. Operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 3.8% to $392 million, with operating margin improving 11.2% in line with the increase in our EBITDA margin.  Now turning to items below operating income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $40.1 million, up $3.3 million from the fourth quarter of last year, and up $5.9 million versus Q1 of 2015. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 the increase in net interest expense of $3.3 million resulted from the impact of the termination in January of the $1 billion of fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps we had on our 2022 notes, as well as some additional interest expense of debt we assumed in the Grupo ABC transaction, which has since been refinanced. By terminating the swaps, we locked in interest savings over the remaining life of the 2022 bonds, reducing the all-in effective rate 2.7% from 3.5%. however, in Q1 there was less floating-rate benefit from the swaps and this will also be the case for the balance of 2016, when compared to 2015. Additionally, interest income earned by our international operations in Q1 was lower compared to Q4 of 2015, driven by lower cash balances available to invest, as a result of higher working capital needs, which are typical as we move through the first half of the year. As compared to Q1 of last year, the increase in net interest expense of 5.9 million also related to the termination of the fixed to floating interest rate swaps on our 2022 notes, as well as some additional interest expense on local debt we assumed in the ABC transaction, which has since been refinanced. When analyzing the impact of the termination of the 2022 swaps on a year-over-year basis, the benefit we received from the swaps in Q1 of ’15 was larger than the benefit we received in Q4 ’15 because the underlying floating interest rate on the swaps increased during ’15. As a result of closing out the swaps we reduced some of our exposure to the volatility of potential further increases in the underlying short-term interest rate. Partially offsetting the additional expense was an increase in interest income from cash invested in our international treasury centers net of some negative FX translation impacts in the quarter. Our quarterly tax rate of 32.8% is in line with our current tax rate projection for 2016. Our earnings from affiliates were slightly negative during the first quarter, but up versus the prior year. We saw improvements in the quarter in the performance of some of our European and Asian affiliates, which was offset by sluggishness with certain affiliates in Latin America. The allocation of earnings to the minority interest shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $2.8 million to $17.9 million from $20.7 million, primarily due to the purchase of minority interest in certain subsidiaries over the past year, as well as FX, because a significant portion of our less than fully owned subsidiaries are located outside the US. As a result, net income was $218 million. That's an increase of $9 million or 4.4% versus Q1 of last year. The remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter, after the allocation of $1.5 million of net income to participating securities, was $216.9 million, an increase of 5.1% versus last year. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was $241.1 million, which is down 2.5% versus last year as a result of share buybacks over the last 12 months. As a result, diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.90 per share, an increase of $0.07 or 8.4% versus Q1 of 2015. Turning to Slide four, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. For the quarter, FX decreased our revenue by $97 million or 2.8%. While the US dollar has continued its strength year-over-year on a global basis, we began to see that moderate somewhat on a reported basis, when compared to what we have seen over the last several quarters. The decrease in the UK pound had the largest translation impact on our reported revenue in Q1, accounting for approximately 20% of the FX driven revenue reduction. The Euro and the Brazilian reis were the next largest negatives. When combined with the UK pound, three currencies made up almost one half of the FX driven reduction in our first quarter revenue.  Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are, negative impact of FX on our reported revenue may continue to moderate, reducing revenue by about 1.5% during the second quarter and approximately 1% for the full year. That being said, it was exceedingly difficult to estimate what will happen to FX rates over the remaining 8 plus months of the year. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions decreased revenue slightly in the quarter. At the end of January, DDB completed the acquisition of Grupo ABC in Brazil. Our current year revenue includes two months their current year results and our acquisition revenue includes their revenue for the same prior period in 2015. As a reminder, the net decrease in the quarter reflects the continuing impact of the few acquisitions and dispositions that we completed during 2015. Going forward, we expect that revenue from our collective recent acquisition will be a net positive next quarter and for the year. And finally, organic growth was positive 131 million or 3.8% this quarter. It was another solid quarter growth across all of our major markets with the exception of Brazil, the Netherlands and to a lesser extent Japan. Primary drivers of our growth this quarter included the continued strong performance across our media businesses and notable performances by several of our advertising brands across our geographies. As well as our full service healthcare businesses which turned in solid performances in the quarter. The Euro markets overall had positive organic growth. The Asia Pacific region continued to show solid performance across most markets, particularly China and India. And we also benefitted from good performance in both Mexico and the UAE. On Slide 5, we present our regional mix of business. During the quarter, the split was 61% for North America, 10% for the UK, 16% for the rest of Europe, 10% for Asia Pacific, with the remainder being split between Latin America and Africa and the Middle East. In North America, both the US and Canada turned in Solid performances. We had organic revenue growth of 4.5%, again, primarily driven this quarter by the performance of our advertising and media discipline and our healthcare businesses. Turning to Europe, the UK had another quarter of positive organic growth, up 2.2%, the rest of Europe was up 3%, led by our agencies in Germany and Spain as well as good performance in Italy. Additionally, France had positive organic growth for the first time in a while when Netherlands continued to struggle and Poland had a down quarter. Asia Pacific was up 5.1%, with solid performances from most of our major Asian markets, including China and India with Japan down slightly. Africa and the Middle East, although of a small base was marginally positive. Our UAE businesses were strong performance offset by year-over-year reductions in the quarter and other smaller markets in that region. One region that was down organically was Latin America. Our Brazilian agencies continued to face uncertainty in both the economic conditions and the political climate in the country. Revenues were down about 20% organically in the quarter. And while the quarter included the successful acquisition of Grupo ABC, the increase in revenue in the quarter from Grupo ABC was more than offset by the significant reduction in revenue resulting from both the negative impact of FX translation and the negative organic growth of our operating companies. As such, our reported revenues for Brazil were down in Q1, when compared to the prior year. In the region, the performance in Brazil overshadowed a strong performance by Mexico, which had double digit organic growth in the quarter. Slide 6, shows our mix of business. For the quarter, the split was 52% for advertising services and 48% for marketing services. As for their performance, our advertising discipline was up 7.9% in the quarter driven by the strong performance of our media businesses and notable performances by several of our advertising brands across our geographies. Our CRM was down seven-tenths of a percent, results were mixed across businesses and geographies. A field marketing and point of sale businesses had a challenging quarter. And our activation and events businesses were flat, while our research businesses performed well. PR was down nine-tenths of a percent. We expect this performance to improve in the second half of the year. Specialty Communications was up 2.2% driven by the solid performance of our full service healthcare agencies that was partially offset by the other smaller businesses in this discipline. On Slide 7, we present our mix of business by industry sector. In comparing the Q1 revenue for 2016 to 2015, we can see that there are minor changes in the mix of our client revenue by industry but nothing worth special notice. Turning now to our cash flow performance. On Slide 8, you can see then in the first quarter we generated 346 million of free cash flow, including changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 9, dividends paid to our common shareholders were 122 million. As you know we announced a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend. The increase is scheduled for our next dividend payment. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled 15 million, down due our purchase in prior periods of additional from our local partners. Capital expenditures were 41 million and acquisitions including earn-out payments net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled 103 million. And stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from the stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled 193 million. All in, we outspend our free cash flow in the quarter by about $129 million. Turning to Slide 10. Regarding our capital structure at the end of the quarter, our total debt at March 31st 2016 a 4.65 billion is up about 70 million from this time last year. That's primarily due to the change in the fair value of our debt carrying value as required to be reported on the balance sheet on the US scale. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was 2.9 billion, down principally as a result of the increase in our cash balances versus this time last year. As you may know, after March 31st, we closed in our issuance of $1.4 billion and 10 year senior notes at an effective rate of about 4.05%. Our quarter end debt levels do not reflect this new issuance. Most of the proceeds of this issuance, we used to retire the $1 billion of 2016 senior notes at the maturity date on April 15th. 2016 notes had a coupon of 5.9% and an effective rate of 5.25%. Though even with the increased principle, the interest expense on new debt compared to the debt that recently matured will only be $4 million to $5 million higher on an annualized basis. However, the year we expect interest expense to increase in excess of $20 million primarily due to the changes that we previously mentioned to our fixed and floating interest rates swaps. As a result of these changes, we've adjusted the effective mix of our fixed to floating rate debt from approximately 50/50 a year ago to a 70% fixed, 30% floating mix to date. By terminating some of these swaps, we reduced our exposure to further interest rate volatility, and we locked an interest savings over the remaining life of the 2022 bonds. However, in the short term, we will receive less floating rate benefit from the swaps in 2016 when compared to 2015. The increase in our cash and short term investments 218 million over the past 12 months was driven primarily as a result of positive changes in our operating capital of 310 million, which were partially offset by the negative impact of FX translation of approximately 45 million on our cash balance over the last 12 months as well as the slight overspent of our free cash flow of $17 million. Net debt increased by 951 million compared to year-end as a result of the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of approximately 130 million. Adjustments that the carrying value of our debt of about 45 million and a typical uses of cash for working capital that historically occur in our first quarter of approximately 805 million. These increases in net debt partially offset by the effect of exchange rates on cash during Q1 that increased our cash balance by about 80 million. As per our ratios, our total debt to EBITDA was 2.1 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.3 times, essentially unchanged since this time last year. And due to the increase in our interest expense, our interest coverage ratio went down to an 11.9 times but it remains very strong. Turning to Slide 11, we continue to manage and build the company through a combination of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions, last 12 months our return on invested capital increased 19.3% and return on equity increased 46.3%. And finally, on Slide 12, we track our accumulative return of cash to shareholders over the past 10 plus years. Align on the top of the chart, shows our cumulative net income from 2006 to Q1 of 2016 which totaled 9.8 billion. And the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders including both evidence and net share repurchases. The sum of which during the same period totaled 10.9 billion, our cumulative payout ratio of 111%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review but at this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Tim Nollen representing Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Couple of things, please. First, I was wondering if you could comment on the mix of spending amongst clients. There has been a lot of discussion about the strong TV ad market in the US and some comments about the ability concerns in that blocking and so forth in digital media. I wonder if there is anything in general or even specifically regarding P&G. I don't know if you want to address particular client but I have read about them being involved in that sort of a mix. So, just discussion about the mixed shift on advertising. And then I just wanted to ask you as well about your cost saving initiatives. Is it possible to say maybe how much you invested, how much of time you spent on things like the real-estate and the IT insured services or perhaps how much of this 30 basis points margin guidance upside for this year is derived from these efforts. Thanks.
John Wren: On the mix of business this is an all gross statement. I'd say that this trend continues towards digital. And the areas I'm concerned are visibility. But we've seen a solid TV demand pick up over the past few months. We are expecting spending those on only a few points going in to the up front. You have to keep in mind that many clients hold back money in order to create flexibility in this. So many different channels that they can get their messages in through in these days. With respect to P&G, we don't have any revenue in the first quarter from P&A even though we are on it. We haven't really start to stepping up for it now, I think it really starts in earnest in the third quarter.
Tim Nollen: [Indiscernible] the cost savings.
John Wren: In terms of how much time spent, I'm not sure I got that part of the question clearly but as far as our expectations for the year and the timing, certainly we probably spent more time pursuing initiatives in the area real-estate here. It's an initiative that's taken quite some time major market by major market and there is still more to come because we had the plan and line up a number of leases in each of our major markets as opposed to moving out of less efficient real-estate into hub buildings and take a big charge for vacating real-estate. We haven't taken that approach, we've been little more patient but certainly some of the actions we put in place a number of years ago we are starting to see the benefits of that in late '15 and then really on here into '16. As far as our other initiatives in the areas of IT back office spending strategic purchasing etcetera, I think they are the ones we are continuing to pursue, this isn’t a nine months or a 12 months thing. We are going to see benefits from those I think throughout over the next year and we are going to continue pursue them long after just 2016. We are after efficiency broadly but saying that not -- we don’t look at it as just kind of a one-time effort.
Philip Angelastro: The another thing I would add to that would be the real-estate because we feel certain we are waiting for our leases expired, we will also continue in the future not only '16 but '17 and '18 -- will draw our benefits worth.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes, good morning. I have a couple of housekeeping questions to start with. Your guidance you've given in your last quarterly call of organic revenue up to 3% to 3.5%, I assume that you're still sticking with that and do you think it will be fairly level over the course of the year? And the other question I want to ask you is that new wins in the first quarter, what was that in place, typically talked about a billion?
John Wren: I will take the first question. Yes, we're still between a 3% and a 3.5% for the year in terms of what we expect our overall revenue growth to be. That's principally because there is a lot of unknowns out there. And we are planning our business and our cost and our expenses to be consistent with that growth because for the most part that growth is fairly known to us. You fill the second.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. As far as wins and losses in the quarter, the number net is just above the billion 250.
Craig Huber: And your comments Phil, on the cost front that you could keep up looking at the cost hard here going forth back office, IT, etcetera. Do you think long term as you think about your business that there is some margin up side assuming that can't be hold together on a long term basis or are you advising your investors to maintain in their models flattish type margins?
Philip Angelastro: I think we are looking at '16 to deliver what we said we're going to deliver for the year. From our perspective we've always said we are pursuing EBIT dollar growth, not we are not obsessed with the margin percentage because you can't touch and feel the margin percentage we can deliver EBIT dollars that's going to continue vehicle. So, when we get to '17, and thinking about '17, when we evaluate where we expect to be but there is an awful lot of uncertainties and awful lot of things that can happen between now and then. So, we're not making any commitments beyond '16 other than we expect the margin improvement that was achieved in '16 will be sustainable. On beyond '16, we're not making any commitments beyond that other than we're committed to pursue the initiatives we begun to pursue. On into the future we're going to continue to try and be as efficient as we possibly can, but we're not obsessed with margin percentages we're focused on delivering EBIT dollars.
Craig Huber: Lastly, Phil, I want to ask you, what was the gross amount of shares that you bought back in the quarter? Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Can you -- in a second. That number is I think the share's number is 2.7 million shares. Growth.
Craig Huber: All right. Thank you.
Philip Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. Just a couple of questions. First, when you think about the timing of the new business ramp and how that impact the organic revenue throughout the year. Is it more sort of business as usual or you get a little bit every quarter or given the timing of P&G which is sort of an outsized win, hitting later on the year, maybe I think Q3. Shall we see maybe a bit more of a tailwind in the back half of the year to organic revenue growth [indiscernible]?
John Wren: Well, let me just [indiscernible]. Right now for the year was we are staying with our guidance but on the media wins great trend. To have at least this six months, in some cases even longer, [indiscernible] to when somebody loses an account and when the new person comes and picks it up. On the agency business [indiscernible] and 90 day changeover period and projects which are part of our business as Phil was mentioning when talking about CRM, those are [indiscernible]. We learn about quite a number of those 60 days into that. So, it varies across the business, I would say when you take a look at something like P&G, starting in the second quarter, where we've been hiring, we've been getting -- we'll get some partial reimbursement as we incur those costs but there really won't be what I call revenue growth. That really starts to kick in as I said July 1.
Alexia Quadrani: And then just a follow on and you gave some good color on the weakness in Brazil on the quarter. Any reason why that shouldn't continue to be a big headwind in Q2, I mean it sounds like their economic conditions that are mostly driving that, not any change in clients and necessarily. So, I assume that that's sort of a headwind for a little while now at least in the foreseeable future. And then just last question if I can squeeze it in, if you could let us know what the impact of programmatic was in organic growth in the quarter?
John Wren: Sure. Brazil right now and we don't know necessarily anymore depending on IMF or anyone else, so we are planning for these headwinds throughout the rest of the year. We might get mitigated a little bit in the second half from the Olympics but we are not certain unless they come up with a cure to that virus that have God knows what the attendance is going to be. So, Brazil is going to be challenging I think for '16 but it's not it's important for us it's less than 1%. And so that -- between 1.5% to 2% of our revenue annually. So, that's with Grupo ABC included in our revenue numbers. So, well, it's a dry, we are very healthy, the most creative businesses in Brazil and what our folks is doing there now is they are trying to optimize revenue and they are working very hard on their expense basis. So, you want to?
Philip Angelastro: Yes. As far as Accuen in the first quarter, growth in Accuen was $25 million.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Roch representing Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning John, Phil and Shub. My first question is could you give us some impact of the new account winds on 2016 organic? And I know you win account every year but P&G is quite big this time, so having an impact in terms of [indiscernible] would be great? That's the first question. The second one is what did you sell in Q1 leading M&A to be negative and whether we could get this split of minus the open one between the positive acquisition and negative disposal. And third question is would it be possible to have an idea of your percentage of total revenue coming from project based activities as opposed to annual contract? Thank you.
John Wren: Okay, sure. I'll take the middle question which I think, I forgot, what was it?
Julien Roch: The --.
John Wren: Oh M&A. I think what you'll see is, M&A is result of Accuen that we took last year. I don't even recall, Phil may. And that, yes, there is no real outline in terms of one big disposal. It's a number of small businesses actually across a few different geographies. And we expect that the number in the second quarter given where we are with acquisitions completed as of now. We will be positive through the rest of the year probably in the neighborhood of all new for the year about $80 million to $90 million of acquisition contribution net. In terms of project businesses I don't have that number for you I am sorry.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, we don't really track it that way, Julien, because in each of our disciplines there is some component of the business even traditional advertising agencies, our media business, as well as PR, healthcare, CRM etcetera, that there is a component of both project based business and retainer business. We prefer the retainer business but certainly there are some businesses we now that are primarily project based. And on an overall basis, more of those businesses are probably in our CRM discipline than the others but each of the businesses does have a project based component. And we don't really segregate the revenues that way within those businesses.
Julien Roch: And on net new business?
Philip Angelastro: Yes. If you could just repeat that one, Julien.
Julien Roch: I mean, you have net new business every year but this year you have P&G which is quite a big one. So, I was wondering whether you could give us like maybe an annual number of the benefits of the larger than usual net new businesses.
Philip Angelastro: We really can't. That's -- it goes into a much larger calculation and what makes up our organic growth are the contribution from wins to organic growth, growth of existing clients. We fully expect --, during the year – for clients cut back on projects. So, we don’t really sit down.
John Wren: Yes, I think the -- I think one maybe one way of answering as directly as we can is we don't place very much of an emphasis on what the billing number is when new business gains and losses or you know net new business billing on gains and losses in that calculation. So, a lot of the businesses we have, the billings number really isn't relevant to the revenue that's being driven from gaining that business from a client. It's not about an approach and a methodology that the industry follows everybody wants us to provide a number we do our best to come up with a number that's somewhat consistent in terms of the way we reported. We don't place any emphasis on it in terms of how we actually run the businesses themselves. We are focused on a revenue contribution of those businesses and when we say our expectation is 3% and 3.5% growth, yes, that includes an expectation where that includes both new business wins and losses that we know of and new business some aspects of new business that we expect businesses to obtain. But in terms of this year even with P&G which from Omnicom perspective is a fantastic win from a revenue perspective. It's nothing out of the ordinary when you combine it with the rest of say what we expect to be in excess of $4 billion of wins net for 2016. That's kind of a normal year we expect our growth, that's going to be a relatively normal year in that context.
Philip Angelastro: One thing I would add to that is it was a wonderful win from multiple reasons. One, it validated all the work we've been doing in the digital space and what we can and the services we can provide our clients. And two, I'm not expecting much of it in the second half of this year, we've stated we're primarily focused on P&G but it allows us to open up a third media network which once we get the 17 and 18 and now, it's going to provide us opportunities to pitch our business that we might otherwise been pretty close from pitching.
Julien Roch: Okay. Thank you very much, very useful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. Phil, any impact from currency on margin in the quarter?
Phil Angelastro: Very little. But the margin impact in this quarter was less than five basis points. So, three or four basis points. So, for us that's kind of the normal and which is what we'd expect in an environment plus or minus 1% to 2% FX.
Ben Swinburne: And John, if you look back, your revenue by discipline you don't want to look at any one quarter but I think it's been a couple of years now where advertising has been growing high single digits organically and that's about half your business and the other half has been growing low single, in fact, I think it was down organically this quarter. That's a two year plus phenomenon. Secularly in your business, what's driving that variation in performance if you sort of cut your revenues in half that way?
John Wren: Well, we probably focus more in some ways on improving the service offerings because the path is changing both in ways that greater is done, media is executed within all the channels. One of the reasons that we announced the formation of two of the groups that are included in DAS both the public relations and the healthcare, was getting more folks. Even though they are growing, PR it has a little trouble in the last quarter or two. Healthcare has always been strong is to get more line managing people who are operators in charges of those groups or companies to continue to drive growth and to make recommendations for incremental acquisitions with supplement and compliment the products that we have. You'll as we go through the rest of DAS, which is a very large part of our crew, we are taking a look at other areas where a similar approach might add to that growth and as we go out. But we don't rush and we have as I said in my prepared remarks we have great respect for the brands and so we want to make sure that we can strengthen individual brands in whatever process we take on board. And if the market is open, so I think we can have one more question. Todd?
Operator: All right. Our final question today will come from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon: Hey guys, good morning. I'll ask maybe one on the PR agencies specifically with the new organization and leadership in place there. John, could you maybe tell us a little bit more detail on what type of strategies you may see implemented there to pick up the growth where it has been lagging to area where social media is very impactful. I am wondering if there are specific initiatives around there to help get the PR agencies back up consistently growing again.
John Wren: Sure. Dan, well, basically you're absolutely right. Great investments that happen in the changing social media environment. When you focus only on brands and you don't have any in the central leadership, you tend to make those investments multiple times. I think by having central leadership, we'll basically be able to do it better, faster job in creating platforms that which we'll be able to white label and therefore use across the grids. The other thing that we've been seeing is an increasing number not complete number of briefs coming from multinational clients looking for different types of services to be included in our responses. While we have a lot of similarity in our largest groups, there are a lot of specialties in some that are not included in others. By having a single individual or team that becomes intimately familiar with the 6000 people we have there, well we will do a better job I think of and increase our opportunities of winning new business simply from the knowledge and the control of somebody that's focused a 100% of the time on managing our PR assets. I hope that answered your question?
Dan Salmon: Yes, that's great. Thank you.
John Wren: Okay.
John Wren: Thank you everyone for joining the call, have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President-Investor Relations John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Karnovsky - JPMorgan Securities LLC Julien Roch - Barclays Capital Securities Ltd. Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Peter Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to your host for today's call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted on our website at www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release along with the presentation which covers the information that we will review. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our investor presentation. And to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Shub. Good morning. I'm pleased to speak to you about our fourth quarter and the full year 2015 business results. As you will hear this morning, it was an excellent quarter for Omnicom. We recruited some of the best talent in our industry, continued to win significant new business, and made a couple of important agency acquisitions. It was a terrific way to end the year. Our financial performance was also solid. We posted organic revenue growth of 4.8% in the fourth quarter resulting in 5.3% growth for the full year. We also achieved our margin and net income targets for the quarter and the full year despite significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar and its impact on revenue and EBIT. FX reduced our revenue in the fourth quarter by $236 million or 5.6%. For the year, currency impacts reduced our revenue by just over $1 billion. As we enter 2016, FX will continue to be a headwind on our revenue and earnings, but hopefully at a less significant rate. Phil will provide more details about the impact of FX later in the call. Turning now to organic growth by region, North America increased by 4.7%, reflecting very strong performances in our brand advertising and media businesses. This was offset by a public relations and specialty disciplines, both of which had difficult comps versus prior year. In the fourth quarter of 2014, PR was up 9.9% and specialty was up 8.9%. The UK. was up 4.9% in the quarter and ended the year up 7.1%. Overall, growth in our Euro region was 3.5%. In the Euro Markets, Germany was in the mid-single digits, and Spain and Italy also outperformed, while France and the Netherlands continued to weigh on the performance in the region. Outside the Euro countries, Russia, Sweden, and Turkey had above average results. Moving to Asia Pacific, organic growth was 8.6%. We had solid growth across almost every market and double-digit growth in Australia, China, Indonesia, Korea, Thailand and Vietnam. Latin America was slightly positive for the quarter as strong performances in Mexico offset weaknesses in Brazil. Looking at our bottom line, EPS for the quarter was $1.35, up 3.8% versus the prior year. For the year, EPS was up 4% to $4.41. Excluding the impact of currency, earnings per share would have been 8% higher for both the quarter and the year. For 2015, we generated over $1.6 billion free cash, an increase of 2% year-over-year and returned almost $1.2 billion to the shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Finally, our balance sheet and liquidity remained very strong. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance for the quarter and the full year. Looking forward, the consistency and diversity of our operations and results combined with our very strong liquidity and balance sheet will allow us to capitalize on opportunities when they arise. Turning now to some of the events of last year. As widely reported, 2015 had a significant number of media reviews. As I mentioned on previous calls, we were very selective in accepting only a handful of invitations to pursue new media business and declined a few others in order to stay focused on our existing clients. And as I'm sure you have seen, we ended the year winning most of Procter & Gamble's North America media planning and buying business which was perhaps the most expensive and certainly the most closely watched review of 2015. This win is a reflection of the talented people and the capabilities we have within Omnicom's Media Group and Annalect, our open-source data and analytics platform. You've heard me talk about the investments we've made in this area and they're paying off for our clients and our business. We now have data and analytic experts or marketing scientists as we call them, embedded in many of our account teams. Clients increasingly recognize this alignment leads to better data informed strategies that are more effective in today's fluid and personalized marketing environment. Overall we're very pleased with our results on these media reviews for the year as we came out a net winner. An independent third-party, (7:01), recently reported that we ranked ahead of our main holding company competitors and that includes us passing on some of the pictures I mentioned earlier. Since year-end Sony concluded its global review. OMD adding substantially to its music business and entertainment business while trading off some gaming businesses, principally out of the UK. Looking ahead, there are also a few mid-sized opportunities and risks that are more typical of a normal review year. Whether the pace of 2015 continues into 2016, it's too early to say. But we will not be surprised if the patterns continue. At the same time, our Media Group is in a process of developing a third global brand in addition to our successful OMD and PHD brands. You can expect our Media Group to announce the official launch of this third media brand in the next few weeks. In the year ahead, they will be establishing network offices in key markets around the world leveraging other in-country media assets. This'll give us additional capacity to manage more client relationships as well as leverage the investments we've made in media capabilities across our businesses. Turning to the topic of talent, we announced last quarter that Wendy Clark would become CEO of DDB North America. Wendy is highly respected in the marketing world and joins DDB from Coca-Cola where she was the president for sparkling brands and strategic marketing. We're excited to have her part of the DDB and Omnicom team. We also had a number of other important recruits in the quarter from leading marketers. These senior talent additions are a testament to Omnicom's ability to attract top people from iconic brands. I mentioned at the beginning of the call that we had made two important acquisitions in the fourth quarter, one in Latin America and one in the UK. In November, DDB Worldwide announced the acquisition of Grupo ABC, the largest independent advertising and marketing communications group in Brazil. Grupo ABC has 2,000 people in 30 locations with best-in-class advertising brands as well as offerings in public relations, CRM, digital, promotion and events. Their blue-chip client roster includes names like Procter & Gamble, J&J, and Anheuser-Busch InBev. We have known the co-founders of Grupo ABC since we invested in DDB's operation in Brazil in 1997. So I'm especially pleased to officially welcome them back to the Omnicom family. Importantly, ABC has outstanding creative talent that will strengthen our capabilities, not only in Brazil, but also around the world. And despite its current economic challenges, we're fully committed to the Brazilian market as one of the largest for our services. The ABC acquisition closed at the end of January, and Omnicom's 2016 results will include 11 months of their operations. In December, BBDO Worldwide acquired a majority stake in Wednesday Agency Group. With over 100 people in London and New York, Wednesday is a leading creative agency focused on fashion and luxury lifestyle bands, a specialized niche in our business. The firm is known for its creative excellence and passion which makes it a great fit for BBDO. Grupo ABC and Wednesday are perfect examples of agencies founded by leading industry talent with strong creative cultures that also strengthen our geographic and service capability. Another barometer that we use to measure our success in cultivating the best talent is the performance of our work for clients in award shows. Once again, our agencies and networks continue their tradition of being the most creatively awarded companies in the world. Let me mention just a few just to highlight them. Omnicom swept Campaign Magazine's prestigious 2015 Agency of the Year awards. BBDO was awarded Agency Network of the Year; PHD, Media Network of the Year; and adam&eveDDB picked up Agency of the Year. BBDO topped The Gunn Report for the tenth year in a row. At the campaign Asia-Pacific Agency of the Year awards, TBWA and DDB won Creative Agencies of the Year in Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia, Philippines and Indonesia. There were many others throughout our disciplines and I want to congratulate all of our people in agencies for their outstanding work. Operationally, we continue to drive greater efficiencies throughout our business in 2015. We are constantly challenging our people to find ways to manage their costs agency-by-agency. And on a regional and global basis, we're leveraging our scale in areas such as information technology, real estate, back office services and purchasing to deliver further cost improvements. We believe that these and other initiatives will allow Omnicom to deliver a 30 basis point margin improvement for the full year 2016 or 13.7% EBITA versus 13.4% for this past year. Before I hand the call over to Phil, I want to touch on the importance of innovation and collaboration in our business as we continue moving forward towards more interconnected activities. In January, I attended the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. I'm always amazed at the pace of technological change, from virtual-reality which has now reached the tipping point, to the Internet-of-Things which is resulting in automation and interconnection of homes, cars, personal devices. Many of these innovations were still in the concept stage just a few years ago and are examples of technologies that will create new opportunities for marketers. For Omnicom and our agencies, it is critical to continue and hire and develop talent and build capabilities to keep pace with these changes, as well as to align our businesses and people in a manner that allows us to best service our clients. Partnerships will also help drive our success. Partnerships between our clients and agencies, across our different types of agencies and partnerships with companies that complement our capabilities. From shopper marketing to PR, to media, to advertising, to CRM, our agencies are increasingly working together seamlessly on behalf of our clients. They're also collaborating with tech companies, entertainment companies, fashion and design firms to create the innovative award winning work that they're known for. We believe we are the best-in-class in doing this, and our 2015 performance demonstrated it. Omnicom continued to be an industry leader, strengthening our talent, embracing new technologies and collaborating to deliver outstanding creative work for our clients and their brands. I want to recognize and thank the 74,000 people at our agencies for their world-class integrated campaigns, outstanding new business wins, and all the great work that enabled us to deliver these results. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the fourth quarter and the full year results. Phil?
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, John, and good morning. During 2015, our businesses continued to focus on meeting the needs of their clients and winning new business, as well as enhancing efficiencies within their organizations to improve their operational profitability. For the fourth quarter, our organic revenue growth of $200 million or 4.8% once again exceeded our expectations, and capped the year where organic growth was 5.3%. The U.S. continued its strong performance to close out the year with Q4 organic growth of almost 4%, coming off a particularly difficult comp versus last year's Q4 where organic growth was 9%. Internationally, we again experienced solid growth in all of our regions with strong country performance in the UK. and Canada and across most of our major Asia Pacific markets. Continental Europe was positive, driven by Germany and Spain, while revenues in the Netherlands and France declined. While we continue to have solid organic revenue growth overall, in the fourth quarter, exchange rates continued to create a considerable headwind on our international revenue as almost all foreign currencies again weakened versus the dollar in Q4. The negative FX impact of 5.6% in Q4 was somewhat lower as a percentage than the previous three quarters of 2015, as the decline in currencies began in the fourth quarter of 2014. Revenue for the quarter after considering a small reduction in revenue from the impact of our dispositions, net of acquisitions, was $4.15 billion, down 1% versus Q4 last year. We will go over our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes. Now we'll move to EBITA and operating income. EBITA for the fourth quarter of 2015 decreased $5.4 million to $604 million versus $609 million in Q4 of last year. As we've discussed previously, the vast majority of our expenses are denominated in the same local currency as their revenue, which operationally serves as a natural hedge. However, in several of our higher-margin markets, including Australia, Canada and Brazil, FX had a relatively larger negative impact this quarter than in previous quarters this year. However, through our ongoing initiatives, to increase efficiencies throughout the organization, we've enhanced the flexibility in our cost structure. These efforts have allowed us to offset the FX headwind on EBITA. As a result, the EBITA margin for the fourth quarter of 2015 was 14.5% which was unchanged versus Q4 of last year. Operating income decreased by $3.9 million to $575.5 million for the quarter, which was also negatively impacted by FX. Operating margin of 13.9% was up slightly compared to 13.8% in Q4 of 2014. Turning now to page two of the presentation. Net interest expense for the quarter was $36.8 million, up $6.8 million versus the fourth quarter of 2014, and up $900,000 from the third quarter of this year. Versus Q4 of last year, the increase in net interest expense related to an increase in rates on our floating rate debt and the termination in Q4 of the floating interest rate swaps on our 2020 senior notes and a portion of the swaps on our 2022 senior notes. This brought our ratio of fixed rate to floating rate debt from 50%-50% to 60% fixed, and 40% floating at year end. The gain that we realized on the termination of the swaps will be amortized over the life of the debt. The amortization of that gain in Q4 of 2015 was lower than the benefit recorded from the swaps in Q4 of 2014. Additionally, interest income on our cash balances held internationally decreased year-over-year by approximately $1.1 million due to negative FX. On a constant currency basis interest income was up slightly year-over-year. And versus Q3 of 2015, the increase in net interest expense was the result of a decrease in the interest benefit from terminating our floating interest rate swaps in Q4, partially offset by an increase in interest income from our international treasury centers resulting from our higher than average cash balances in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. Our quarterly tax rate of 32.8% was in line with the full year tax rate of 2015 and consistent with our projections for the year. Earnings from our affiliates of $2.2 million is down versus last year, which was related to a reduction in the contribution of certain international affiliates, primarily as a result of the negative impact of FX. On a constant dollar basis, our earnings from affiliates was flat. The allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased nearly $11 million to $32.6 million, while negative FX was the primary reason for the decrease since a large number of our less than fully owned subsidiaries are located outside the U.S. The decrease was also due to the purchase at the end of the third quarter of one of our larger non-controlling interests of one of our agencies in Latin America. As a result, net income for the quarter was $332 million. That's up $2.1 million or a little less than 1% versus our Q4 results last year. Turning to slide three, the remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter, after allocation of $3.3 million of net income to participating securities, which for us was a dividend paying unvested restricted shares held by our employees, was $328.3 million. up slightly from last year. And our diluted share count for the quarter was $243.8 million, that's down 2.4% versus last year which has been driven by our share buyback activity over the last 12 months. The resulting diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.35 per share. an increase of $0.05 or 3.8% versus Q4 of 2014. On slide four through six, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for fiscal 2015. The brief highlights are as follows. Our full year 2015 organic revenue growth was 5.3%, while the FX headwind decreased revenue by 6.6%. Net of the impact of this year's acquisitions and dispositions which added $15 million, our total revenue was $15.1 billion down 1.2% versus last year. And as was the case with our Q4 results, FX negatively impacted our full year EBITA and margins. EBITA decreased 1.1% to $2.03 billion, and FX negatively impacted our margin by about 20 basis points for the year, with almost all of the impact coming in the second half of the year. As a result of our ongoing efficiency efforts, we're able to maintain our full year EBITA margin of 13.4% consistent with last year. Turning to taxes on page five, our effective tax rate for 2015 of 32.8% was in line with our expectations for the year. At this point, we expect our 2016 tax rate to be fairly consistent with the 2015 rate. And on page six, you can see our 2015 diluted EPS was $4.41 per share which is up $0.17 or 4% versus 2014's reported amount of $4.24 per share. On slide seven, we turn to the discussion of our revenue performance. First, as I mentioned, we saw positive organic growth across all our regions this quarter. Fourth quarter's growth was driven by the performance of our traditional advertising and media disciplines, all our other disciplines a mixed performance across the regions which I'll discuss later. FX continues to be a significant drag on our revenues. On a year-over-year basis, in the fourth quarter, once again the U.S. dollar strengthened against every one of our major foreign currencies. This decreased our revenue for the quarter by $236 million or 5.6%. While the decline in the value of the euro accounted for over one-third of the overall FX reduction, we also saw significant declines related to the Australian and Canadian dollars, the Brazilian real and the British pound as well as the Russian ruble. As of the end of the fourth quarter, we've now seen five consecutive quarters of large negative movements in FX due to currencies weakening against the U.S. dollar. As we enter into 2016, based on our most recent projections and assuming currencies stay where they currently are, FX could negatively impact our revenues by approximately 3% during the first quarter of 2016 and 2% for the full year 2016. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, slightly decreased revenue by $6 million. While we've added businesses both domestically and internationally over the past year, we're continually evaluating our businesses and making strategic dispositions as deemed appropriate. And finally, organic growth was $200 million or 4.8% this quarter. We had another quarter with solid organic growth across all of our major regions with the notable country exceptions being France and the Netherlands which struggled in 2015, and Brazil which continues to face an uncertain economic outlook. Looking at our disciplines, our traditional media and advertising businesses led the way. The performance of the businesses in our CRM discipline was mixed, with our field marketing and events businesses having a challenging quarter. And although our specialty and public relations disciplines were down organically for the quarter, both of them faced difficult comparatives to last year's Q4 performance when they each achieved organic growth in excess of 8%. Overall, our below-the-line disciplines did not achieve as much of the year end client projects spend as they did in Q4 of 2014. On slides eight and nine, we present our quarterly regional mix of business. During the quarter, split of revenue was 59% from North America, 10% from the UK., 17% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia Pacific, with the remainder coming from our Latin America and our Africa and Middle East regions. For the full year, the split was much the same as in the fourth quarter. In North America, both the U.S. and Canada contributed to another solid performance, with organic revenue growth of 4.7% for the quarter and 5.4% for the full year. Internationally, our UK. agencies continued to perform well across our businesses. The rest of Europe was up 3.5% for the quarter and 3.7% for the year led by Germany and Spain as well as Italy. France was still negative organically and Netherlands continues to lag behind our other major markets in Europe. Asia Pacific was up 8.6% in the quarter and 7.9% for the year with the major markets again performing well, including China, South Korea, Thailand and Australia with the exception being Hong Kong which was up slightly in the quarter, but down for the year. In Latin America, our Brazilian agencies had another negative quarter in the face of uncertain economic conditions. But we had strong performance from our agencies elsewhere in the region, in particular Mexico. This resulted in a slightly positive organic growth for the region in Q4, but the region as a whole was negative for the year. And finally our Africa-Middle East region, although relatively small, was up 5% in the quarter driven by a strong performance in South Africa, and the region was up 6.8% for the year. Slide 10 shows our mix of business. For the quarter, they split 53% advertising services and 47% marketing services with the full year split being similar. As for their performance, our advertising discipline was up 12.6% in the quarter, 9.3% for the year, driven by the outstanding performance of our media businesses across geographies. CRM was down 1.5% in Q4 and for the year had positive growth of 1.9%. Our field marketing and events businesses had a challenging quarter. Most businesses in the category were up on a full year basis versus 2014 with the exceptions being field marketing and sales promotion which were down for the year. PR was down 6.9% in the quarter and was our only discipline that was down a bit for the full-year, was down by 1.4%. Fourth quarter decrease was due to difficult comp compared to Q4 of 2014 when the PR discipline posted growth of 8.5%. Specialty communications was down 5.9% in Q4, but up 2.2% for the year. Fourth quarter decrease was due to a difficult comp compared to Q4 of 2014 when the specialty discipline driven by our full service healthcare businesses posted growth of 9.4%. Overall, as I said previously, our below-the-line disciplines did not capture as much year-end client spend as they did in Q4 of 2014. On slide 11, we present our mix of business by industry sector. In comparing the full year revenue for 2015 to 2014, there was minimal change in the mix of our client revenue by industry. Turning to our cash flow performance on slide 12, in 2015, we generated over $1.6 billion of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on slide 13, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $497 million, up when compared to last year. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $129 million. Capital expenditures for the year were $203 million. Acquisitions including earn-out payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled $150 million. And stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $680 million. As a result, we outspent our free cash flow by just under $44 million for the year. Turning to slide 14, focusing first on our capital structure, our total debt of about $4.6 billion is up about $20 million from this time last year. The increase is primarily due to the change in the fair value of our debt carrying value related to the in-the-money amount of our interest rate swaps at year end 2015. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter improved to $1.95 billion compared to $2.16 billion at year end 2014. The decrease in our net debt of $209 million over the past 12 months using period end spot rates was driven primarily by positive contribution from operating capital of about $550 million, partially offset by the negative impact of FX translation on our cash balances over the last 12 months, or approximately $265 million, and the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of $44 million as well as some other smaller items. As a result, our ratios were strong. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.1 times. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.9 times, and our interest coverage ratio was 12.2 times. Turning to slide 15, we continue to successfully manage and build the company through a combination of strategic acquisition and well-focused internal development initiatives. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital increased to 21.5%, and our return on equity increased to 41.3%. And finally on slide 16, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders since 2004. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2004 through year-end which totaled $11.1 billion. The bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period totaled $12 billion for a cumulative payout ratio of 108%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we've included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, and thanks for the questions. Two, if I could. First of all, John, I was wondering if you look at your businesses, your segments outside of traditional advertising, and you did call out the difficult comps, but on a full year basis if you look at those segments, organic growth was about, according to our math, 1.2% for the year. So just wondering outside of comps whether there's any sort of mix shift happening within the business. And as you look forward to fiscal 2016, would you expect a more balanced performance across the operating segments? And then a quick one for Phil: could you let us know what Accuen's contribution in the quarter was? Thanks so much.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Peter. Below the line, these specialty service businesses that you're referring to are the most numerous within the portfolio of Omnicom. We're constantly looking at that portfolio to find out, gee, are they growing and are they growing in a particular market at a rate that we're satisfied with. And it's a constant evaluation. It's a constant review done by the people here at Omnicom corporate. It's also done by the people at DAS. And unlike most of the advertising and media assignments we have, they tend to be projects. They tend to be projects with existing clients who repeat a certain amount of spending every single year, but it's not as precise and it's not as predictable. So this year, we were particularly happy with our healthcare companies' growth that they achieved, but also the businesses that they've won, well, particularly critical in a very positive way of some of our PR operations. Some have advanced a lot further than others, and we've been spending the last several months getting everybody up to par. There's no easy answer. It's a constant battle. But I'd say on balance today, we're pretty comfortable with the portfolio in which we're going into next year with or into this year with.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And just add to that, your second question, Peter, the contribution in terms of growth from Accuen this quarter was about $45 million.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. David Karnovsky on for Alexia. Can you provide a bit more color on how clients are looking at spending for this year and maybe how that translates into organic growth? We've heard good growth domestically in Q4 has continued into Q1 but don't really have a lot of insight yet into full-year spending plans. And then just how much, if at all, do you think the weak financial markets might influence those spending decisions?
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Phil and I can share this. The world is, as it seems to be reported every single day, the U.S. continues to be strong and the markets that we reported growth are okay, but there are a lot of transition spots and weaker spots around the world. China is in a transition, although its business for us has been good. Brazil, we're expecting weakness and we're expecting the weakness to continue throughout 2016, even despite the Summer Olympics. So when we take a look at organic growth based upon what we've seen, we think 2016 can be very similar to what we experienced in 2015. And if we had to throw a number at it, we'd say it's 3% to 3.5% based upon what we know now.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think our expectations heading into the year are somewhat similar. We're certainly not sitting here today as very early in the year, very early in February committing to or I guess implying that the overall growth for 2015 will be the same. I think our expectations are the same sitting here in February of 3% to 3.5% organic. I think for us, we haven't seen a correlation between the discussions our agencies have been having with their clients with respect to what our clients' goals and strategies are in 2016 and what their spending might be at correlation to what's going on in the financial markets. I think the themes John touched on more broadly as far as the global economic situation and some pockets of uncertainty, those we expect will correlate a little more directly with what our clients ultimately decide to do. From a spending perspective, less so what's going on specifically in the financial markets over the last month or so. And I think time will tell whether the current volatility is a forecast of something that's going to impact the economy more broadly.
David Karnovsky - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then can you provide an update on capital returns? I think some investors are maybe surprised at the lack of a dividend increase this past week. Anything we should read into that? And then maybe just your updated thoughts on priority for dividend buyback in general? Thanks.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Phil, do you want to take it?
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Sure. I think from our perspective, we don't expect any change in our capital allocation strategy. I think the dividend as we've said before is a board matter. It's certainly on the board's agenda. I think our expectation is they'll deal with it sometime in the near future at one of the next board meetings, in that their agenda has been a little crowded with plenty of things as it always is, but we expect they'll get back to that evaluation and consideration as it relates specifically to the dividend. As far as the rest of our strategy, I think our perspective is going into 2016 more of the same. To the extent we can find acquisitions that fit strategically, culturally and pricing makes sense, we're going to continue to look to do more acquisitions rather than less. We expect that activity will pick up. We closed the Grupo ABC deal in the first quarter of 2016. And we've got a pipeline that we continue to pursue. To the extent deals happen, we'll have less free cash to use to buy back shares. To the extent the deals don't happen, we'll continue to deploy the cash through share buybacks as we have pretty consistently.
David Karnovsky - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch - Barclays Capital Securities Ltd.: Yes. Hi, there. Thank you for taking the questions. The first one is on the menu reviews from last year, now that we've gone through all of them. John, maybe an assessment of the overall impact of the industry, was it led by pricing, and therefore, will it have a deflationary impact on overall industry growth in 2016? Or was it done on other consideration and have little impact? That's the first question. The second one is again on the review but on your remark at the beginning of the call that you said that you thought that we potentially might see a similar level, which I guess the market will take negatively if we start to have massive review every year. So if you could give us some idea why you're thinking that that's going to be the case. These are my two questions. Thank you.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Julien. Our experience was that it's a new environment and with digital being a very much important component of what happens from a media perspective, and also the utilization of data and analytics of making decisions because of all the channels that are out there, so I'd say on balance, in the reviews we've participated in, pricing was not primary. It was really those capabilities, and whether or not the service provider, in this case us, was the correct partner moving into this next period which is very, very – it's interesting, it's exciting, it's changing very rapidly. And if you don't have the right capabilities, it's very difficult to catch up in a short period of time. So that's what our clients, I believe, were looking at. I also believe that there are probably some, especially on our wins who actually confirmed that separately and independently in the press. So that's a very strong feeling that I have. So I don't see pricing erosion, certainly not in 2015. My comments in my prepared remarks were such that we have not been informed or been notified of any opportunities or risks, other than a few minor accounts that are currently in review, and we're hopeful that we see a more normal year in 2016 where there aren't as many large media accounts put up for consideration. But at this point, preparing for that would be foolish. We're much better off being prepared to face the similar type of level. So until it's confirmed, I'd ask the market not to read too much into my comment. But we certainly stand ready.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think we go into 2016 trying to be prepared for what we wouldn't be surprised if more reviews occur than maybe the pace of reviews two years and prior, I don't think we're sitting here saying it's an expectation or we've got some information directly from either clients or potential targets that would lead us to conclude that it's imminent. But certainly, we want to prepare ourselves and our businesses to be ready to compete on that basis. And overall the more and more complexity there is in the landscape – media landscape, the more clients are looking for a provider with what we think we've now demonstrated in some of the wins that we've had, we've got the capabilities, we've got the right people, we've made the right investments. And the more complexity, we think the better off it's ultimately going to be for our business.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. Just one more comment, Julien. The clients that I would categorize as blue-chip clients, we're out there looking for the right partner. There is always clients out there looking for the cheapest price, but you'll find that their business goes into reviews quite often.
Julien Roch - Barclays Capital Securities Ltd.: Okay. Very clear. And then maybe a very quick one. Impact of M&A in 2016 on revenue based on the current deal you have closed?
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think probably right now, we're looking at about $100 million of net acquisition growth, or acquisition growth net of dispositions based on everything we've completed to date. We're going to continue to look to find and close more deals as I said before. And we're always constantly reevaluating our portfolio and making sure we've got the right business mix and the right strategic assets. And if we don't, we're going to look to prune the portfolio of businesses that either aren't on strategy or are not performing to the point where we think that's appropriate to make a disposition.
Julien Roch - Barclays Capital Securities Ltd.: Okay. Great. Very clear. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Craig Huber from Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning. It's a lot of concern out there in recent quarters from investors that guys, like Google and Facebook, take much of your business, media side in particular. Could you just comment on that? And this concern seems to come and go over the years, but what's your latest thoughts on that? Why is it not a concern I assume you'll say?
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, our relationships with both of those companies are very strong and they've only improved during 2015. We view them really as a partner, a neutral partner maybe, but they've assisted us in many things. They're not looking to provide many of the services that we provide our clients and we learned to work very well with them in most instances. I think clients are looking to us to be the neutral partner in evaluating whether or not we use the media that you'd find at Google versus the approach that you'd take at Facebook, and I think that's really – it's been a question in the past as to whether they were going to be our competitors or going to be an effective media way for us to reach consumers. And I think right today, I'd say it's settling in on them being a partner and clients increasingly depending upon us to do their planning and to do their buying off of their – whatever platforms are available.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. We certainly see our clients looking to us to help them make the evaluation across the various media options that they have. Google and Facebook are certainly huge players in the digital space, so they're part of any and every evaluation that we do on behalf of our clients. But I don't think our clients have reached a comfort level or reach a comfort level where they're just willing to turn over a big part of their budget to Google and Facebook directly and feel comfortable that it's going to fit into their overall strategy in a consistent way.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In recent conversations I've had with one of the two, but it's true both of them, is an early tell I think is to watch their employment numbers. How many people are Google hiring? How many people are Facebook hiring? And what type of people are they hiring? I think in earlier years, there was confusion as to whether they wanted to hire marketers or engineers. I have a very strong impression that as they look at their businesses, they're hiring more and more engineers every day than they are marketers who could potentially compete with us in any way.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Two more quick questions, please. For the fourth quarter, what was your net new business wins? Your future (51:27) goal is usually about $1 billion there. And then also, could you speak quickly about China? Isn't it about 2% of your revenues, I believe. And you said it was up 10%-plus. What's your outlook for growth in that market? It comes up a lot with investors. Thank you.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I'll take the new business one. So the overall number was probably just shy of $2 billion, but that included a large number on the P&G front. So I think the number from our perspective, although we don't place a great deal of weight on a billings number, a new business billings number, was probably in the neighborhood of what we would typically expect our businesses deliver on a typical quarter.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And with respect to China, the Chinese market is absolutely changing, but it's still growing at a really decent pace. And our market share in China, we have a lot of headroom. We have a lot of opportunities to win new business, both other multinational companies doing business in China, Chinese multinational companies which are looking to develop their markets in China and they then go outside of China, and in the major markets, the more successful domestic companies. So it's interesting conversation when we discuss what's happening with China and what's the impact of growing 7% in a year versus 5.6% a year. But we still have a lot of work and a lot of opportunity just in gaining market share in that market.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think overall, given what's going on comes down to your individual client base. Our clients, the majority of our clients, certainly in our agencies in China, are large multinationals who are trying to grow their business in that market. And we think they tend to be a little bit more stable, and that's just a little bit of a difference in terms of the mix of our business versus some others. And I think overall, it's probably not the worst time to be under-indexed in the Chinese market. Our focus has always been on the quality of the agencies that we have in that marketplace, and agencies that can meet the requirements of our clients in a satisfactory way and it hasn't necessarily been on quantity.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks. And I'm pleasantly surprised my question has lasted this long. I wanted to ask about margin expansion in 2016. Very pleased to hear, John, you were talking about 30 basis points of upside. I would assume your foreign exchange numbers of minus 2% negative impact are included in that. I just wonder if you could put a little bit more color onto what goes into the thinking there as you've been basically flat for about four years now. I know you've been investing in Annalect and so on and it's clearly been generating some returns for example with the P&G win, but what other color could you give on the margin expansion outlook regarding revenues, and also regarding costs? Thanks.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: First of all, I think the 13.7% based upon what I know today is inclusive of the impact of foreign exchange as we know it today. If we repeated – if we had another $1 billion impact because central banks went crazy, we've talked to you about it during the year, but based upon everything we know and everything that we've told you this morning is that those are our expectations. The reason for it is – Phil can chime in -- the revenue growth has been solid and has continued to be solid, but we've been able to take a lot of actions in a lot of programs which take a long time to get started, but once started, we are starting to realize the benefits of the things like real estate. I don't know what else you want to add, Phil.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Certainly, we're focused on real estate, technology, back-office administrative costs, and a few other areas. I think John's right, they do take a while to get started. But the goal for us is to make sure that the efficiencies that we implement are sustainable. And that's what we've been pursuing for the last while here, and we're going to continue to pursue it in the future. And although we think we're pretty efficient in all of our operations overall, we know we're going to continue to try and improve in the area of efficiency and effectiveness as it relates to the cost base. And that's certainly the plan. On the FX front, just to echo what John said, a typical year for us we would expect is plus or minus 1% or 2% in terms of FX impact. And if things continue in that zone, we're certainly comfortable with our current expectations. If things go back beyond that to where we were this year, although it depends on where the FX negatives occur, I think we'll reevaluate it as the changes occur.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But I wouldn't have said it, Tim, if I didn't believe it.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Can I ask a follow-on which is related, and I understand what you are saying about FX obviously. You mentioned earlier in the comments, John, about you've been recruiting some of the best talent. Just wonder, have you found it easier going or tougher going on recruiting and on wages, given some of your competitors may not be hiring as aggressively if that's true, but on the flip side I would imagine you've got intensifying competition from the Silicon Valley for talent? What can you say about recruiting and pricing?
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, our recruiting efforts have been very specific based upon our company needs and requirements, and we've had people on our list for a long time. And many of my network CEOs, who you don't have the occasion to speak to on a regular basis, have identified these folks have been working very, very hard. Now there's no question that changes in the laws in terms of what people can make at the bottom end of the equation, and as you get more and more of these analytical type of people, I'd say that maybe less creative, more – highly mass oriented type of folks, you are competing with some other companies that we traditionally haven't competed with. But so far we've been able to obtain and acquire and have joined Omnicom the people that we've looked for now.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, certainly more of an ongoing component of the business day to day as opposed to when we get a win, we then start thinking about where do we find these people or we have a need. The businesses start thinking about where do we find these people. I think it's much more embedded in the ongoing business operations.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And finally, this is an intangible but I believe it really, really counts, and I always have, culture counts. When somebody gets down to making a decision as to where they want to spend their time, the culture of the organization they're moving into is a contributor as well as pay to amazing (1:00:07) decisions people make. So, so far so good. We're happy. We can always use more talented people. Those some extraordinary ones, you can drop me an email, but that's what we're doing.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Operator, I think we have time for one more call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Peter Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning, everyone. I'll keep it to one as I know the opening bell is ringing here. John, as you start the third media-buying agency, how are you doing it differently than when if you might have done that say 10 years ago? I'm sure there's lots of industry slang we could use like digital native and things like that, but I'm thinking a little bit more tactically, smaller office footprint, different board chart. But any insights you can offer on how it will be differentiated? I'd appreciate.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. First, it will be different than if I was doing this in 1996. We have quite a number of hubs out there where we have a lot of talented people that that's what we're going to build around. There are key very important markets where there'll be standalone companies under this new brand, but there will be many other markets that the service level required by the particular client is not the same. And so that becomes an important factor. Plus, what's different today is our platforms for data and analytics are much easier to leverage over geographies than they were in the past. So that's what we'll be doing. And we'll be leveraging this next network based upon those key markets, and the various capabilities that are required to fully service clients in those markets. So I'd say unlike in OMD you'd find more hubs, other than some of our competitors, you wouldn't have an office say in every single country because we would be able to fulfill our clients' requirements through different means.
Peter Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome
John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thanks everybody for...
Philip J. Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, thanks for taking the time to join the call. We know it's a busy earnings morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - VP, Investor Relations, Executive Finance John Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Phil Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets John Janedis - Jefferies Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Tim Nollen - Macquarie
Operator:
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted on our website at www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning's press release, along with the presentation which covers the information that we will review. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our Investor Presentation. And to point out, that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro will review our financial results. Then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning and thanks for joining us this morning. I am pleased to speak to you about our third quarter 2015 business results. As I am sure you have seen, Omnicom had a strong quarter with organic growth up 6.1%, ahead of our expectations. Margins and net income were in line with our expectations and overall our operations continued to show steady progress in the face of challenging macroeconomic conditions and volatile markets. As we had anticipated, we continue to face significant currency headwinds in the quarter. FX reduced our revenues by 7% or $272 million in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, the strong U.S. dollar versus other currencies reduced our revenue by 7% or $773 million. EPS for the quarter was $0.97, up from $0.95 in the prior year or about 2%. On a constant currency basis, EPS would have increased by approximately an additional 9% for the quarter and 8% for the year. Looking forward, we expect currency effects to moderate in the fourth quarter and into next year. Phil will provide more details about the impact of foreign exchange by market and on our future results later in the call. Turning now to organic revenue growth, North America increased in excess of 6%, reflecting strong performances and brand advertising media and our specialty healthcare business. The U.K. was up 9%, which was broad based across our operations. Our U.K. business has consistently performed well, which reflects the high caliber and diverse group agencies we have in that market. Overall growth in Continental Europe was 4.5%. In the Euro markets, Germany was up mid-single digits, Spain also outperformed while France and the Netherlands weighed on our results. Outside the euro countries, Russia and Poland performed well and most other markets were positive. Moving to Asia-Pacific, organic growth was in excess of 8%, with solid performance throughout the region. While our operations in China slowed a bit to mid-single digits, we remain bullish and see a long runway of growth ahead. We continue to see strong marketing spend in such categories as telecommunications, travel and personal care. Latin America was our most difficult region in the quarter, with organic revenue declining almost 7%. Mexico and Argentina had double-digit growth, but this growth was offset by Brazil, which is our largest market in the region. Brazil's performance was affected by both, the economy as well as difficult year-over-year comps. While the current political and economic situation in Brazil is concerning, there are opportunities to invest in growth. The 2016 Summer Olympics should mitigate some of the risks in the short-term. Our performance this quarter and for the year is reflective of the strategies we have in place to drive our growth. These strategies help us meet rapidly changing needs of our clients by giving them access to the best people and the latest technologies when and where they need them. First is attracting, retaining and developing top talent. Next, expanding our global footprint and moving into new service areas. Third is leveraging our data and analytic capabilities. Finally, we continue to deliver breakthrough creative ideas and solutions based upon meaningful consumer insights across all marketing disciplines and communications. This morning I would like to discuss our progress against these strategies and also provide some updates, provide an update on the media reviews and address recent industry concerns on topics of viewability and fraud in online advertising and transparency. At Omnicom, we have always strived to be a great place for great people to work. It has been a priority to attract and retain the best talent and make sure they are continuously learning and being challenged. Our agencies and networks do an excellent job of training and developing our people within the context of their specific disciplines. Omnicom further supports this through advanced management programs at Omnicom University. We just completed the 21st year of Omnicom University in the United States and have expanded the program to China and Europe. This summer for the first time, we hosted a joint education session with one of our large multinational clients, which was a huge success. Another aspect of achieving our talent development goals is creating a diverse and inclusive workforce. Diversity at Omnicom and backgrounds, experiences and perspectives is critical to ensuring we have the best talent. It is not just a word or concept to us. We have put diversity into action by creating groups, programs scholarships that promote diversity and inclusion. One barometer we use to measure our success is our performance and award shows. Once again our agencies and networks continued their tradition of being the most creatively awarded companies in the world. Let me just mention a few highlights from the Spikes Advertising Festival, held recently in Singapore, which is considered Con of Asia. BBDO received top honor, winning network of the year for the second year in a row. DDB placed third, BBDO and DDB have finished being top three networks for seven consecutive years. Colenso BBDO won agency of the year. All told, 40 agencies in 12 countries contributed to nearly 150 Spike awards. I want to congratulate all of our people for their outstanding work. During the quarter, we continued to expand our capabilities through internal investments in our agencies and service platforms, specifically in the areas of production, technology and content development. Today's market complexity, demands our agencies to produce evermore creative content that can be distributed quickly across different devices, channels and markets. To meet the increasing needs of our clients, you may recall last year, Omnicom formed eg+ worldwide, a global implementation and production agency and since then it has expanded capabilities in various markets. With over 1,400 employees in 14 countries, eg has become a leader in leveraging the latest technologies to help global brands, implement and localized creative content across video, digital and print media channels. The result is a broader and deeper service offering that fuses the best talent and the latest technologies and our efforts in this area will continue to expand and provide value to our clients. Turning to the media accounts and review, most of the high profile reviews should be decided by Thanksgiving. As I discussed on our last call, we have been very selective in choosing which media assignments to pursue and have elected not to participate several reviews, including Citibank, Coke, Cody and L'Oreal. In terms of our progress, we have done pretty well. We have added new media business from well-known advertisers such as SC Johnson and Bacardi globally, Wells Fargo in the United States. We have also successfully defended a number of accounts such as J.C. Penney and GlaxoSmithKline, adding significant assignments from Novartis. These and a number of other win brought in billings of over $1.4 billion so far. At this point, we still have an opportunity to gain additional business as the remaining pictures come to a conclusion. Annalect played a key role in each of our wins. As a result of our investments early on in Annalect and its data management platforms, we picked up a significant share of the new business in digital, specifically around data and analytics. Annalect is embedded in our accountings and is truly a differentiating asset for us. Turning now to look at some of the issues facing our industry, the growing scale of programmatic and online video advertising has led to valid concerns over fraud and viewability of online ads. In other words, how much of an ad is seen by an actual consumer and for how long. One key factor in this area is independent verification. Marketers and agencies are pushing publishers and rightly so, to prove the ads are being seen by real people are effective in driving sales. We believe that third-party verification is a fundamental requirement. Publishers should not create their own homework. For our part, since 2013, we have been providing third-party verification services in the U.S. our clients' programmatic and digital network buyers. This has been invaluable and giving us the data and visibility we need to adjust publisher pricing based upon viewability rates. To ensure that our clients receive the value they expect, we recognize that digital publishers face a complex environment due to the very nature of their content or the device it is being delivered on. In light of this, our digital media leadership active on joint industry efforts such as IAC and tag [ph] to shape measurement banners. This is especially important for ads delivered on mobile devices, where standards are only now being discussed. In sum, the echo system is complex, but the goal is simple, to make sure advertises get what they pay for and we are working towards practical solutions to help move the entire industry forward. Finally I also want to touch on the subject from earlier this year. The joint task force of NA, forays to create U.S. media transparency standards. We have been actively involved in this work over the past months and we are pleased with the progress in terms of collaboration and understanding between the advertiser and agency members. We expect principles will be issued shortly and we support any constructive steps that increase advertiser confidence across our industry while encouraging competition and innovations. In our conversations with our clients, advertises were seeking more choices today in terms of service or performance requirements, but this only underscores the industry's obligation to strict contract compliance, which includes the return of any media rebates in the United States and disclosure of all of our services and various equity interests we may have. From an Omnicom standpoint, this is a fundamental to the essential trust between client and agency that our business is built on. Before concluding my prepared remarks, I would like to say that while I am pleased with our strategic and financial performance, the remainder of 2015 has numerous economic and political challenges from Brazil, China and the Middle East as well as potential actions by the Federal Reserve and other central banks. With one quarter left to the year I am confident that we are on track to achieve our revenue and margin targets for full-year. I will now turn the call over to Phil, and he will take a closer look at the quarter's results. Phil.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John. Good morning. John said, our business has continued to deliver against their financial and strategic objectives and meeting the needs of their clients. For the third quarter, our organic revenue growth of 6.1%, once again exceeded our expectations as the U.S. continued its strong performance and we experienced solid growth in the U.K. and Canada and across most of our Asia-Pacific markets as well as in several of the European markets. Our underlying business has continued a solid performance. Exchange rates continue to create a considerable headwind on our international revenue. Again this quarter, FX was negative in all of our significant foreign markets, reducing our total revenue by 7.2% or $272 million. When accounting for the small net positive impact from our acquisitions net of dispositions, revenue for the quarter was about $3.7 billion, down 1.1% versus Q3 of last year. We will go over our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes. Turning to EBITDA and operating income, EBITDA for the third quarter of 2015 decreased by $6 million to $455 million versus $461 million in Q3 of last year. As you would expect, exchange rates also had a significant negative impact on our total EBITDA for the quarter and more significant than in the first six months of the year. While the vast majority of our expenses are denominated in the same local currencies as our revenues, essentially serving as a natural hedge in a few of our higher-margin markets including Canada, Australia Brazil, FX had a larger negative impact this quarter than earlier in the year and through the first nine months of 2015. FX reduced our overall EBITDA margin by roughly 18 basis points. However, helping to offset the FX headwinds on EBITDA has been our focus on maintaining flexibility in our cost structure and our continued efforts to increase efficiencies throughout the organization. Our initiatives have had a positive impact and we expect they will continue to make our operations more efficient as we extend them throughout the organization. As a result, for the third quarter our EBITDA margin of 12.3% was unchanged versus Q3 of 2014. Moving to operating income, it decreased by $5 million to $428 million for the quarter and was also negatively impacted by FX. Our operating margin of 11.6% remained flat as compared to Q3 2014, similar to our EBITDA margin. Net interest expense for the quarter was $35.9 million, up $4.5 million versus Q3 of 2014 and was relatively flat, up about $1.3 million from the second quarter of this year. Versus Q3 of last year, the additional interest expense related to the issuance last October of $750 million of our 10-year senior notes was partially offset by the benefit of the floating interest rate swaps we entered into during Q3 of 2014. Additionally, our interest income on our cash balances held by our international treasury centers decrease, primarily driven by negative FX translation. Versus the previous quarter, the increase in net interest expense of $1.3 million was a result of a decrease in the interest benefit from the floating interest rate swap as well as a reduction in interest income. Our quarterly tax rate of 32.8% continues to be in line with our current tax rate expectations for 2015. Earnings from our affiliates of $3.2 million, is down $2.6 million this quarter related to reduction in the contribution of certain international affiliates, which were negatively impacted by FX. The allocation of earnings for the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $2.4 million to $27.4 million, also due to the impact of FX, because a significant portion of our less than fully owned subsidiaries are located outside the U.S. In general, excluding the impact of FX, the underlying performance of these businesses remained strong. As a result, net income for the quarter was $239 million. That is down 1.8% or $4.5 million versus our Q3 results last year. Now turning to Slide 3, the remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter after the allocation of $2.5 million of net income to participating securities, which for us are the dividend-paying unvested restricted shares held by our employees was $236.8 million. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was 244.4 million shares. That is down 3.2% versus last year, driven by our share buyback activity in prior periods. The resulting diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.97 per share, an increase of $0.02 or 2.1% versus Q3 of 2014. On Slide 4 through Slide 6 we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. The brief highlights are organic revenue growth was 5.5% during the first nine months of the year. The FX headwind was even larger, decreasing revenue by 7%. Net of the impact of our recent acquisitions and dispositions $20 million, revenue declined on a year-to-date basis by 1.3% to just under $11 billion. Our FX also negatively impacted EBITDA, which decreased 1.1% to $1.425 billion. Our year-to-date EBITDA margin of 13% was unchanged when compared to last year. Turning to taxes on Page 5, our effective tax rate for 2015 of 32.8% is in line with our current expectations for our annualized rate and reflects the impact of the legal restructuring of our European entities, which was largely completed earlier this year. Keep in mind that the reported 2014 tax expense and tax reflect the impact of the $11 million tax benefit we recognized in Q2 2014 related to merger expenses that were incurred in 2013, and which became deductible after the termination of the merger. Because of this, we have presented the prior year's nine-month results of including and excluding the tax benefit. On Page 6, you can see our nine-month diluted EPS was $3.06 per share, which is up $0.11 or 3.7% versus 2014's reported figure of $2.95 per share and up $0.15 or 5.2% versus EPS when excluding the impact of the tax benefit that was recorded in Q2 of 2014. On Slide 7, we turn the discussion to our revenue performance. First, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, this quarter we continue to see organic growth across most of our regions and service offerings. However, the effects of FX continue to more than offset the performance of our business. On a year-over-year basis, in the third quarter, the U.S. dollar strengthened against every one of our major currencies. This decreased our revenue for the quarter by $272 million or 7.2%. The decline in the value of the Euro represent approximately one-third of the overall FX impact. During the third quarter, we also saw significant decreases, due to declines in the pound, the Australian and Canadian dollars and both, the Brazilian real and the Russian ruble declined by approximately 40% versus the third quarter of last year. This latest cycle of currencies weakening against the U.S. dollars started to impact us in the latter part of 2014. As we cycle pass the one-year mark, currencies stay where they currently are, the FX headwinds may begin to subside. Based on our recent projections, FX could negatively impact our revenues by approximately 4.5% during the fourth quarter, which would bring the full-year reduction to a little under $1 billion or approximately 6.3%. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue marginally. While we have recently added businesses both, domestically and internationally, we have made some strategic dispositions over the past year as well. Finally, organic growth was a positive $228 million or 6.1% this quarter. Much as we experience in the second quarter, we had another quarter with solid organic growth across most of our major markets with the notable exceptions being France and Netherland, which continue to struggle, and Brazil, which is facing a difficult economic environment and difficult comp and we again had good growth across our disciplines, most notably healthcare, with the exception being PR which was down for the quarter, but remains up for the year. The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included are media and brand advertising businesses, which had strong performances this quarter, our full-service healthcare businesses which continue to see the positive impact of that new business wins over the past year or so, the continued outstanding performance of our U.K. operations, recovery in certain Euro markets, driven by Germany and Spain, the performance of our emerging markets this quarter including strong results in South Africa, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. Despite the recent market turbulence in China, we also posted positive organic there. Slide 8 covers our year-to-date revenue performance. The impact of FX reduced revenue by over $750 million over the first three quarters of 2015 or 7%, while organic growth over that same period was 5.5%. On Slide 9, we present our regional mix of business. During the quarter, the split of revenue was 60% from North America, 11% from the U.K., 16% for the rest of Europe and 10% for Asia-Pacific, with the remaining revenue coming from our Latin America and Africa and the Middle East regions. Turning to Slide 10, North America, both the U.S. and Canada turned in solid performances and we had organic revenue growth of 6.3%. Turning to international, as I just mentioned, U.K. had another strong performance this quarter. The rest of Europe was up 4.5% led by Germany and Spain. Our businesses in France continue to face challenges with negative organic growth, while the Netherlands also continues to lag behind. As we mentioned during the Q2 call, our presence in Greece is very small, accounting for less than one one-then of 1% of our consolidated revenue, so while our businesses in the market declined this quarter as we had anticipated, the impact overall was negligible. The Asia-Pacific region was up 8.6% with most markets performing well, including Australia, China, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. One region that lagged was Latin America, which was down 6.9% organically. While Mexico had another positive quarter, it was overshadowed by a reduction in Brazil. In Brazil, the decline resulted from the weakening of the overall economy as well as difficult comp when compared to the fairly strong performance we had in Q3 of 2014. Finally, our Africa and Middle East region was up marginally in the quarter. Slide 11 shows our mix of business for the quarter. Once again, they were just about split equally between advertising services and marketing services. As for the respect of organic growth rates, advertising services were up 9.9% or $183 million. Marketing services were up 2.3% or $44 million. Within marketing services, CRM was up 2.8%, maintaining year-to-date growth of over 3%. The trend for the quarter for the vast majority of our subcategories within the CRM discipline is up year-over-year, with the exception being our sales promotion businesses. PR was down 1.5% in the quarter, but is still positive year-to-date and specialty communications was up about 5.4% with nearly double-digit organic growth in our full-service healthcare businesses, which was partially offset by a decrease in our other specialty agencies. Year-to-date, our healthcare business is up about 8% organically, driven primarily by new business wins. On slide 12, we present our mix of business by industry sector. Comparing our year-to-date revenue in 2015, the last year's figures, you can see there were no meaningful changes in this mix by industry. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 13, in the first nine months of the year, we generated over $1.1 billion of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 14, dividends paid to our common shareholders $374 million, were up when compared to last year as a result of the 25% increase in our quarterly dividend during 2014. Dividends paid for non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $87 million. Capital expenditures were $146 million. As we have mentioned previously, CapEx was up from the last year due to an increase in leasehold improvements related to some recent real estate consolidation initiatives. Acquisitions including earn-out payments net of the proceeds received from the sale of investment totaled $86 million and stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plan totaled $474 million. All-in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $55 million for the first nine months of this year. Turning to Slide 15, focusing first on our capital structure, our total debt of $4.6 billion is up about $48 million from the second quarter. The increase is entirely due to the change in the fair value of our debt carrying value related to the in-the-money amount of our interest rate swaps as required on the U.S. GAAP. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $3.2 billion. The increase in our net debt of about $224 million over the past 12 months using period end spot rates was driven primarily by the negative impact of FX translation on our cash balances over the last 12 months of approximately $373 million. The impact of the fair value adjustment to our debt carrying value related to our floating rate swap, which totaled $86 million, the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of $42 million in miscellaneous and other items, which was partially offset by a positive contribution from operating capital of $315 million. Although our net debt has increased over the past year, our ratios remained very strong. Our total debt to EBITDA was 2.1 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.4 times. Our interest coverage ratio improved to $12.6 times. Turning to Slide 16, we continue to successfully manage and build the company through a combination of strategic acquisitions and well focused internal development initiatives. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital increased 17.9% and our return on equity increased to 39.6%. Finally, on Slide 17, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders since 2004. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income for 2004 through the third quarter, which totaled $10.8 billion and the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period totaled $11.6 billion for a cumulative payout ratio of 107%. That concludes our prepared remarks, please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your review. At this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Peter Stabler, representing Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. One for John and one for Phil. John, there are some investors who are concerned that technology is enabling marketers to take more of their advertising duties in-house, so effectively reducing the scope of work available for agencies, I am wondering if you could comment on that. Then Phil, could you help us understand Accuen's contribution to organic growth in the quarter. Thanks very much.
John Wren: Sure. Good morning, Peter. That concern is true, but advertisers have taken various functions in-house for a very long time. We live with that situation and it has not impacted our ability to grow in other areas or grow with them or collaborate with them on the areas that they decide to take in-house. With respect to programmatic, we continue to see growth throughout and especially and even with clients that have taken certain aspects of this in-house. We sit beside them and we do other things. We complement their services, so it is not - that of all the concerns we have it is not a very, very impactful one.
Phil Angelastro: On your second question, Peter, the contribution this quarter from Accuen was about $25 million growth year-over-year for the quarter, so a little bit less than the second quarter. Third quarter is typically a smaller quarter than the second and/or the fourth. The rate of growth has slowed a bit versus last year and the third quarter I think the number was about $40 million. We expect given Accuen has been around for just about two years now, we expect that as the numbers get bigger in the base, the rate growth was going slow a little bit. We are happy with the performance. Our clients are happy with the product that they are getting and we expect it to be good business going forward as well.
Peter Stabler: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. I guess my first question is on organic revenue growth, which has been so strong in the last few quarters including this one. I know you have a lot less visibility always in Q4 given sort of the project business, but any other variables that we should consider that might suggest this impressive growth might be a bit more muted in Q4 then I have a follow-up.
John Wren: Our internal targets are to reach 6.1 in the fourth quarter there. They are more in line with we had set for the year, so that is number one. Number two as you said, and I think I have said for the last almost consistently for the 20 years on the third-quarter calls. There is so much project business in the fourth quarter. It is the quarter, where we have the least amount of visibility between now and 12.31, because we do not know how clients - what their budgets are and what they are going to do with them just yet.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. That number, we typically have found to be in the neighborhood of the $150 million to $200 million in potential year-end project work closing out budgets on the client side etcetera. We typically do not get none of it and we typically may not get all of it, but sitting here today we do not have a lot of visibility into what that number is going to be for the fourth quarter, so as John and said we are going to stick with our assumptions for the year as they relate specifically to the fourth quarter.
Alexia Quadrani: Then just your thoughts on profitability here, I know your style has always been to sort of optimize margins and honestly maximize in any one given quarter and that is how it has proven to be great strategy historically. I guess my question though is, given the organic revenue growth has outperformed at least our expectations and then trending a little bit above average. Perhaps you could give us some more color in terms of what are the puts and takes of sort of what is leaving the margins flat and why we are not seeing extension. I know obviously foreign exchange is part of it. I guess, what else is sort of limiting the margin expansion given the top-line growth?
John Wren: I think FX actually in the third quarter was a little counterintuitive for us relative to the first half of the year. as I have said earlier the year-to-date impact of FX was about 18 basis points, but in the third quarter, which again is a relatively small quarter, FX impacted those - in excess of about 30 basis points, so we are a little surprised by that, but you that is really just the math of where the FX impacts was. We have got a lot of corporate costs primarily in U.S. and some of our higher-margin markets outside the U.S. were impacted a little bit more heavily by FX this quarter and overall percentage or proportion of the total pie, so we think we have done a pretty good job to get back to the margins we delivered overall for the third quarter, which was where our internal targets were coming out, but FX certainly has been a big challenge for us this year on top-line and I think in the third quarter it had a little bit higher than expected impact on our overall operating costs and our operating margins. I think we are comfortable with the performance. I think, we look at fourth quarter if FX rates stay where they are now, we would expect revenues to be down about 4.5%. FX had started to come down, say, late September, early October of '14. That is when the dollar really started to strengthen significantly, but the Euro and Pound actually did not start to weaken relative to the dollar on a reported basis until early in 2015, so we expect to see some of the weakness in the fourth quarter relative to the euro and the pound, which are biggest international markets. I think from a margin perspective, our expectation is the same. We are going to continue to internally drive towards maintaining margins and overcoming whatever FX has in store for us in the fourth quarter.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. John, I know it is really early here, but just the various conversations you are having with your clients out there, is there anything that you are sensing out there that the rate of growth on an organic basis as you look out into, say, the first half of next year is going be materially different or lower than the 5.5% you guys have reported year-to-date?
John Wren: I do not have any specific information yet. Clients are really focused on finishing out this year and we won't start those dialogs probably until late November, the beginning of December. Every one of the CEOs that I talk to remain cautious and somewhat conservative, because of all the macroeconomic issues there are once you get outside the United States, so it is a little too early to give you more color depth on that question.
Craig Huber: Then, John, also in the third quarter, what were your net new billings, so now you generally can try to get $1 billion. What was it for the third quarter?
John Wren: Yes. It was just on $1 billion, probably close to $950 million for the quarter.
Craig Huber: Okay. Lastly can you just give us a little more flavor on the countries outside the U.S. with the cost and the revenues are not perfectly match, just give us a sense what regions or countries that is hurting your margins please - FX?
John Wren: Brazil?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. It is not really - just to clarify, Craig, it is not really an issue of the cost and the revenues not matching on it. We probably have a couple of exceptions here and there. It is not necessarily a region that is an exception as far as the revenue and costs being denominated in the same local currency. It is really just a matter of mix, so some of our high margin markets Canada, Australia, Brazil and actually Russia - or Brazil and Russia given the currency impact is a much smaller than they were last year. When we have high-margin markets that are impacted significantly by FX, we had less revenue and less EBIT. The less EBIT over what is a large U.S. dollars driven denominator ends up having slightly lower margins, because there was less EBIT from those markets where the currency negative was larger than the proportion of the total. Hopefully that clarifies it for you, but it is back to - it is kind of - yes it is not always intuitive, it is not always in a straight line how FX impacts each of our international operations.
Craig Huber: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon: Good morning, everyone. John you took some time out of your prepared remarks to comment around the role of independent verification, in particular noting publishers cannot create their own homework. Of course the advertisers and their agents have some conflicts in this sort of dealings as well, so I was hoping you could expand a little bit on what type of services you feel Omnicom is doing well providing to the advertisers within that's sort of a traditional construct and where you see the role of companies like Nielsen really truly independent measurement companies today and then maybe also a follow-up comment on how you view the comScore and Rentrak merger, especially in light of the fact that one of your competitors remains a minority investor there if not a Board member?
John Wren: Sure. Just one clarification, when it comes to verification or any of these a media ownership, we do not have any of those conflicts with our clients. It is very important to make sure that everybody understands what Omnicom owns and does not own. In terms of the verification services that I mentioned, we pay for those. They have been embedded in our performance Accuen type of revenue associated with clients, where we will promise our results. To make sure that a result is accurate, we have gone out since 2013 and hired third-party verification people to come in and tell us, gee, what is the view of ability, where is the audience coming from, you look like you are reaching enough people, but are they are really out of the market or they are coming from India or some place that you do not even sell your product, so we have gone through that exercise to legitimize our efforts in this area and it expands all the time. We believe that the time has come to agree industry standards and select third-party verification firms that clients are comfortable with and the providers are comfortable with and make them part of the normal practices that occur between client and agencies as we performs these duties. There are firm that you mentioned Nielsen Scott, a fabulous business and do all sort of wonderful things. I do not know specifically what it is working on in this area, especially mobile and comScore and Rentrak, is a great firm we have relationships with them and we get certain data and information from them as well, irrespective of the fact that WPP owns 20% of them, so if this is a process - but I think the time has come because of the amount of spending that clients are directing toward digital channels to really agree these areas and publishers, they are the one selling the content. We believe that they need to step up and provide third-party verification.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Janedis representing Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: Thank you. Phil, the buyback pace slowed a bit in the third quarter, so I wanted to ask should we assume that there are some assets you are looking and maybe the $100 million-plus range and the billings do not close, you would look to increase the buyback?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think certainly our capital allocation strategy has not changed. I will start with that. We are going to continue to look for acquisitions that right fit our strategic requirements and we are going to be aggressive in trying to find those assets and help us to grow the business where we think it makes sense, but to the extent that the right opportunities aren't available or we are not successful in reaching a deal that makes sense for us and frankly for the seller for the long-term, we are going to put that money to use in terms of buybacks. That approach has not changed. We are in the process of negotiating some deals. The pipeline is strong at the moment. We are not certain ultimately where we are going to get to in each of these cases, but there are some transactions work, we are certainly evaluating, and we are going to continue to evaluate and frankly that is no different than any quarter. Given we are headed into the fourth quarter here, either we are going to spend some of this, say, excess free cash that we have found some acquisitions and if we do not we will hold through to our pattern of a putting that cash to use in the way of buybacks prior to closing out the year.
John Janedis: That is helpful. Thanks. Maybe follow-up to Alexia's question, I know there a lot of moving pieces, but with the FX moderating and the cost initiatives kicking in, should margins start to ramp into next year assuming organic growth remains healthy or have you deferred some investment given the FX pressures?
Phil Angelastro: I do not think we have deferred any investment certainly no investments that we have felt are necessary to continue to build on the foundation to provide for stable and consistent growth into the future, but we are always looking for ways to be more efficient. We have got some initiatives that have started to give us some traction. We think we are pretty efficient already, but we know we can be more efficient and there are more opportunities to take some cost out of the business. I do not think we are ready yet to commit to what our expected growth rate as in '16 or what our expected margins are in '16, but we think as we continue to grow and as we continue to push these initiatives, we are going to find some ways that to find some leverage in the business, yes.
John Janedis: Just maybe one quick organic expense question, can you give us organic expense growth for the third quarter maybe ex-currently?
Phil Angelastro: Organic expense growth, I am not sure. We do not really track expenses on an organic basis. If you give me a minute, I can you give an idea what the constant dollar numbers were or major line items. I think, on a constant dollar basis, salary and service was just over $3 billion and office in general was just over $480 million.
John Janedis: Thanks so much.
Phil Angelastro: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Two for John and one for Philip, John, can you just talk about the European markets which performed well. I think this was your best euro quarter going back all the way till 2010. Last quarter was showing improvement too. I know you called out some countries that are holding you back, but are you more confident in the euro outlook as you go from here given what you have see in the last six months?
John Wren: Yes is the short the answer. We just had our Board meeting last week in Berlin, and we had the opportunity to visit with all of our German subsidiaries. They were very confident. The German economy is very, very strong. That is why we called it out. Spain has really turned it around compared to what it was in the past. We did not call out Italy although in the quarter it had year-over-year growth. The reason we did not call it out is because we still have a quarter to go, so we are a little bit cautious. France has been almost flat for the first six months, because it has [ph] been a little negative in the last quarter and then Netherlands has been an issue for us for the last almost two years, so the big markets in Europe, overall showing signs of progress. I can say with the exception of the Netherlands, but at some point that will flatten down as well and will drain from the growth in the strong markets. Yes. I think it is Europe still has a long way to go, but our performance has been pretty steady and we are continuing to make progress.
Phil Angelastro: Yes - good progress actually in certainly smaller markets, so tempered with that, but the non-euro markets our businesses have actually continued to perform well there as well.
John Wren: In the small markets, we have also taken actions to refocus and resize our offerings.
Ben Swinburne: Then I just had two questions related the broad topic of digital, John, a little over year ago at Adweek you announced a pretty big Facebook partnership. I just was curious if you could give us kind of at the 12-month mark, how that is going? If you integrating Atlas as you expected any surprises positive or negative and then kind of related hopefully related for Phil, if you look at your salary and services margin as a percent of revenue, I think since 2012 that has been going up about 50-bips a year. You talked about currency this year. I am guessing digital is a factor there as well. I am just wondering if there is anything we are missing that might be driving that up as a percent of rev that we do not talk about. As we think about going forward whether that is just something you expect to continue or any visibility on what is happening there beyond currently would be really helpful? Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. Well, with respect to Facebook, we did announced last year at this time and our relationship with them is very, very positive. We find them extremely cooperative and we utilize their services. We have had growth in our spending with Facebook. It is not a limit to Facebook. We also have very strong relationships with the other major players, Google, we have experienced a lot of growth and Twitter. Our relationship with Twitter has expanding recently, so we are growing with them in most instances and our relationships are solid across the Board I think.
Phil Angelastro:  Back to the second question, so salary and service we expect there are more valuable and flexible than our office in general cost. We would expect them to grow a bit as our revenue grows. I think, in this year, we found through, 930, our headcount numbers were up a bit, primarily probably in the U.S., a little bit U.K., so the number we expect to kind of grow with our revenues. Office in general, which are more fixed in nature. We expect them to, as a percentage of revenue which is how we look at the numbers, we would expect them to decline over time. Given some of the initiatives we have especially in the area of real estate, we would expect to continue to pursue those opportunities to reduce those costs and keep them as low as possible, so I think the trends is what we would expect to see.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think, we are on right about to turn that the market is going to open, so I think if we could do one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our final question today will come from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Thanks very much for fitting me in. I just had one other issue you mentioned question about viewability and measurement. I wonder if you have any comment on your slated scourge of your ad blocking. There has been a lot of back and forth and I just wonder what your view is on what happened to the ad blocking, what the impact is to you and agencies and also to the various media? Thanks.
John Wren: Ad blocking is a large question for advertising, because almost center staged. The ANA last week - we have taken the view although we watch it, that if you - the customer is in control. Never been more evident than it is today and customers will embrace and ads-supported content model when they understand what it is we are trying to communicate and the quality - creative, so I tend to agree with some CMOs which are basically said we focus on great work that consumers will be interested in will pass and we will get pass the ad blocking concerns that are in the marketplace. It is an ongoing battle. People do not have to sit there and suffer things that are not of interested them and then so incumbent upon us to improve the product and the battle though is going on some high-quality publishers are already requiring users to disable their ad blockers in order to gain access to their content. We will see what happens in that battle, so everybody is front and center [ph]. We are certainly addressing ourselves good by focusing on the work and the content that we provide to the consumer.
Tim Nollen: Thanks a lot.
John Wren: Okay. Thank you all for joining the call. We appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President, Investor Relations John Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer Philip Angelastro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners John Janedis - Jeffries Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research David Bank - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to the host for today’s conference call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2015 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted on our recently relaunched website at www.omnicomgroup.com, this morning’s press release along with the presentation covering the information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our Investor Presentation. And to point out, that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We’re going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then, Phil Angelastro will review our financial results. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. I am pleased to speak to you this morning about our second quarter 2015 business results. As I’m sure you have seen, Omnicom had a strong quarter with organic growth up 5.3% and EBITDA margins increasing 10 basis points. Based on our year to date results, we’re on track to meet revenue and margin targets for the full year. As we mentioned on our year end 2014 and first quarter 2015 earnings calls, we expected the continued strengthening of the US dollar versus other currencies would create headwinds to our 2015 reported revenue and net income. At the same time, it’s important to point out that the majority of our non-US operations are naturally hedged with both revenue and expenses in the same currency. In the second quarter, the significant change in exchange rates versus the prior period resulted in a 7.1% or $275 million decline in reported revenue. Year to date, FX has reduced our revenue by $500 million. On a constant currency basis, EPS would have increased an additional 7% for both the quarter and the year. Phil will provide more details about the impact of foreign exchange by market later in the call. However, at this stage, if rates remain where they are today, the impact will moderate during the remainder of the year. Turning now to organic revenue growth, North America increased 5.9%. The main drivers were brand advertising which includes our media operations, specialty healthcare and our CRM businesses. The UK generated 5.4% growth. The performance in the UK was broad based across all disciplines with the exception of our PR operations which had difficult comps versus the second quarter of 2014. Organic revenue growth in our European region was 3.9%. In the Euro Markets, Germany continued to outperform with over 5% growth. France was flat and the Netherlands was negative. Overall though, the euro-currency markets were up almost 4%. Outside Euro Markets, Turkey, Poland and Sweden had above-average results. Russia moderated to low single digit growth in the quarter. Looking at Asia Pacific, overall growth was 7.6%. Among our large markets, growth was strong in Australia, China and Singapore. Latin America was down 9.6% for the quarter. A positive performance in Mexico was offset by weaknesses in Brazil and Chile. The decline in Brazil is attributable to tough comps when compared to Q2 2014 World Cup spending and in 2015 from sluggish economic conditions. Overall, I’m pleased with our performance and where we stand halfway through this year.  I’d now like to make a few remarks on the macroeconomic picture in terms of things we’re watching in the back half of 2015. First, in the last few weeks, we’ve seen another economic crisis play out in Greece. Our Greek businesses are small and are expected to decline. In 2014, annual revenue was about $12 million. So the impact will not be material. Second, as I mentioned earlier, China is still performing well for us and we remain bullish on China, despite recent setbacks in property and stock markets. Two other large markets, Brazil and Russia, are projected to have negative GDP growth in 2015 and face inflationary pressures that will take some time to reverse. Brazil should, however, benefit next year as we start to focus on the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio. Lastly, the US continues to improve with moderate GDP growth. Hopefully, anticipated actions by the Fed later this year will not cause any harm to the US recovery or emerging markets. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow generation, they remain very strong, enabling us to navigate and be opportunistic in these alpha markets. Our consistent practice for the use of cash, dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases remains unchanged as does our commitment to a strong balance sheet and maintaining our credit ratings. I’d now like to spend a few minutes discussing the unprecedented number of media buying and planning assignments that are currently up for a review. There is more media business up for review from large marketers at the present time than I personally have ever seen before. We estimate we’re about halfway through the agency pitches for these large assignments and I’m pleased to report we’re doing quite well. We recently added new media assignments from SC Johnson, which is a global win from one of our top competitors as well as Wells Fargo in the United States and Bacardi globally. These and a number of other wins brought in annual billings of over $1.4 billion in the first six months of 2015. And just last week, we were awarded Unilever’s Australia media business following the win of their global search businesses a few months ago. Throughout this unprecedented period, it’s been important to note our current clients are our first priority. Therefore, we’ve been very selective in choosing which media assignments to pursue and have elected not to participate in many reviews, 21st Century Fox, Citibank, Coke, Cody and L'Oreal. Looking at [things] still in progress, I’ll classify them in two buckets. First, accounts we are defending. On these assignments, we have about $1.2 billion in media billings. However, in most cases, we share these accounts with competitors and we estimate there is about $1 billion in upside potential if we’re successful in winning all of them. Next, we’re pursuing a few select new assignments where we have either no relationship or a very small one and where the upside is much greater. However, rather than trying to predict the outcome of these reviews, we can confirm that we are in a good position to benefit from any changes these large marketers make. With the abnormally high number of large media assignments, it is an opportune time to look at what is behind many of them. We know the media landscape has become more complex and many of the reviews are strategic reevaluations of agency suppliers. Technology has radically changed media planning and buying. The rise of digital data and analytics has given marketers the ability to more precisely understand how consumers are using media. In areas such as programmatic buying and micro targeting, clients want to make sure that they have the right partner with the right resources in this space. We’ve also seen a number of available media channels increase exponentially in the past several years. Over the past 12 months in particular, we’ve seen a rapid growth in transition to online video really take hold. With many more media channels and online video available to consumers on so many devices, advertisers want to make sure they have the right strategies in place. Given these areas of focus by our clients, Omnicom is especially well positioned as a result of our investments in analytic and our data management platform. Using this platform, our people today are analyzing campaigns on a granular level for hundreds of Omnicom clients around the globe. These are differentiating efforts for us and are proving to be a competitive advantage. While these data and analytic platforms are more important than ever, it is of course the talent of our people in putting them to work across all of our disciplines that really make the difference. At this year's Cannes, we proved once again we have the best people in the business producing award-winning campaigns for our clients. Here are a few highlights demonstrating the depth and breadth of our talent. Over hundred Omnicom agencies won nearly 250 Lions from approximately 50 different countries across 21 communication categories. CDM, one of the world’s leading healthcare agencies won the inaugural Healthcare Network of the Year award. BBDO was the runner-up for Network of the Year and had a record Cannes with 29 agencies winning almost 120 Lions. Omnicom Media Group and its flagship agencies, OMD and PHD, won over 60 Lions, including three grand prixes for clients such as McDonald's, Apple, Under Armour and Harvey Nichols. I want to congratulate all of our people and our agencies for their outstanding work. Our investment in talent, technology and partnerships are making a difference for Omnicom and our agencies. They are critical to our success. We will continue to strategically invest in these growth areas as the marketing environment becomes increasingly complex. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the second quarter results. Phil?
Philip Angelastro: Thank you, John, and good morning. As John said, our businesses continued to deliver against their financial and strategic objectives and meeting the needs of their clients. For the second quarter, organic revenue growth of 5.3% was once again above our expectations as the US maintained its solid performance and we experienced strong performance in the UK, Germany and Canada. Our underlying businesses continued to perform well and we had good balance to our organic growth performance across our disciplines. Exchange rates continued to create a considerable headwind on our revenue. This quarter, the negative impact of FX reduced revenue by 7.1% or $275 million. And as has been the case since the fourth quarter of last year, FX in the quarter was negative in all of our significant foreign markets. Including the small net positive impact from our acquisitions, net of dispositions, revenue for the quarter was about $3.8 billion, down 1.7% versus Q2 last year. I’ll discuss our revenue growth in greater detail in a few minutes. Turning to EBITDA and operating income, EBITDA for the second quarter of 2015 decreased by $8 million to $566 million versus $574 million in Q2 of last year. Exchange rates also had a significant negative impact on our EBITDA for the quarter. But since the vast majority of our expenses are denominated in the same local currencies as our revenues, the negative impact of FX on margins was negative, but not significant. And operationally, our efforts to increase efficiencies throughout the organization continued to make positive progress. As a result, the EBITDA margin for the quarter of 14.9% was up a bit versus Q2 2014. Operating income decreased $9 million to $539 million for the quarter. And although FX also negatively impacted operating income for the quarter and the amortization of our intangible assets resulting from our recent acquisitions increased on a year over year basis, our total operating margin of 14.2% was flat versus Q2 of 2014. Net interest expense for the quarter was $34.6 million, up $900,000 versus Q2 of 2014 and up $400,000 from the first quarter. Versus the first quarter, the increase in net interest expense of $400,000 was the result of increased borrowing on our commercial paper facilities, partially offset by additional interest income earned overseas. Versus Q2 of last year, the positive impact of the floating interest rate swaps we entered into during Q2 and Q3 of 2014 effectively offset the additional interest expense related to the issuance last October of $750 million of 10-year senior notes. However, net interest expense was up $900,000 due to a decrease in interest earned on our cash balances held by our international treasury centers, primarily driven by negative FX translation as well as additional interest expense from increased US LIBOR rates on our CT borrowing. Our quarterly tax rate of 32.8% continues to be in line with our current tax rate expectations for 2015. As a reminder, in Q2 of last year, our quarterly reported tax rate of 31.1% reflected the impact of an $11 million tax benefit we recognized related to merger expenses incurred in 2013, which were required to be capitalized for tax purposes at the time. Upon terminating the merger in May of 2014, we recognized the tax benefit related to those expenses. So to better understand the year over year change on the tax line and in our tax rate, in addition to the reported 2014 figures, we’re also presenting our 2014 quarter and year to date numbers excluding the impact of this tax benefit. Earnings from our affiliates of $4 million was flat year over year. The allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $4.4 million to $28.8 million, largely due to the impact of FX because a significant portion of our less than fully owned subsidiaries are located outside the US. As a result, net income for the quarter was just below $314 million. That’s flat versus last year after excluding the impact of the tax benefit discussed above from Q2 2014’s results and it’s down 3.5% or $11.3 million versus our reported Q2 results last year. Turning to slide 3, the remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter after the allocation of $3.9 million of net income to participating securities which for us are the dividend-paying unvested restricted shares held by our employees was $310 million. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was 245.7 million. That’s down 4.8% versus last year and was driven by our share buyback program which we resumed during the second quarter of 2014. As a result, diluted EPS of the quarter was $1.26 per share, up 2.4%, an increase of $0.03 versus Q2 2014 reported EPS or up 5.9%, an increase of $0.07 versus last year after excluding the impact of the tax benefit discussed above from Q2 2014’s result. On slides 4 through 6, we provided the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year to date period. To save some time, I’ll just give you few highlights. Our organic revenue growth was 5.2% during the first six months of the year. The significant FX headwind caused revenue to decrease by 6.8% and after factoring in the impact of acquisitions net of dispositions, of 0.3%. Revenue declined on a year-to-date basis by 1.3% to just under $7.3 billion. While FX also negatively impacted EBITDA, which decreased 1.1% to $971 million, both our EBITDA and operating margins were unchanged when compared to last year. Turning to taxes on page 5, our effective tax rate for 2015 of 32.8% is in line with our expectations, while the reported 2014 tax expense and tax rate reflect the impact of the $11 million tax benefit we recognized in Q2 2014 related to merger expenses incurred in 2013, which became deductable after the termination of the merger. As you can see, similar to way we presented our Q2 results, the comparative results for the six-month period are presented both including and excluding the tax benefit. Excluding the impact of this tax benefit, the tax rate for the six-month period in 2014 was 33.5%. And our six-month diluted EPS was $2.09 per share, which is up $0.09 or 4.5% versus 2014’s reported figure of $2 per share and up $0.13 or 6.6% versus EPS after excluding the impact of the tax benefit recorded in Q2 2014. Turning to slide 7, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. First, as I mentioned, this quarter we balanced organic growth across all disciplines. However, the effects of FX more than offset their performance. On a year over year basis, in the second quarter, the US dollar continued to strengthen against almost all of our major currencies. This decreased our revenue for the quarter by $275 million or 7.1%. The FX impact was greatest in our European markets. The decline in the value of the euro and the pound represented nearly 60% of the FX decrease during the second quarter. Looking ahead, considering a steep decline in the value of all major currencies against the US dollar, if rates continue to stay where they are, FX could negatively impact our revenues by approximately 7% during the third quarter and approximately 6% for the full year. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $5 million. While we’ve added businesses both in the US and in Latin America and Europe over the last 12 months, we’ve also made some strategic dispositions during that period as well in EMEA and the US. And finally, organic growth was positive $204 million or 5.3% this quarter. Again, we had another quarter with solid organic growth across most of our major markets except for France, the Netherlands and Brazil and we had good growth across our disciplines except PR which was up slightly in the quarter. The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included continued excellent performance across our media businesses and solid growth in CRM. Our full-service healthcare businesses driven by new business wins over the last few quarters posted double-digit organic growth in the quarter. Our UK businesses continued to perform well across most disciplines and we also had excellent performances in the emerging markets this quarter, including Mexico, Turkey and our Middle Eastern agencies. In the Euro Markets, driven by strong performance in Germany and Spain, overall organic growth remained positive. And across the Asia Pacific region, our performance was once again strong. Slide 8 covers our year to date revenue performance. The impact of FX reduced revenue by $0.5 billion over the first six months of 2015 or 6.8%, while organic growth over that same period was 5.2%.  On slide 9, we present our regional mix of business. During the quarter, split of revenue was 60% from North America, 10% UK, 16% for the rest of Europe, and 10% for Asia-Pacific, with the remaining 4% being split between Latin America and Africa and the Middle East. Turning to slide 10, in North America, both the US and Canada turned in solid performances and we had organic revenue growth of 5.9%. While the media businesses continued to perform well, this quarter also saw a strong growth from our full-service healthcare businesses and CRM businesses in the region. Turning to international markets, the UK continued its strong performance this quarter, except for our PR discipline which faced difficult comps versus Q2 last year. The rest of Europe was up 3.9%, led by Germany and Spain, while France was flat and the Netherlands continues to lag negatively. Our performance in the non-Euro Markets in Europe continued to be solid. Before leaving Europe, in Greece, where the economic and political situation is uncertain, we have a very small presence with revenues of less than 0.1% of our consolidated revenues. So we do not expect much exposure. But given the uncertainty, would expect a continued decline in our businesses going forward. The Asia Pacific region was up 7.6%, with most markets performing well, including China, Australia and Singapore. One market that lagged was Latin America which was down 9.6% organically. The positive performance in Mexico was offset by weakness in Chile and Brazil. In Chile, the decline resulted from a significant local client loss in 2014 that we are now finished cycling through. In Brazil, the decline resulted from both the difficult comp when compared to Q2 of 2014 due to the World Cup and from general softness in that market. And finally, the Africa and Middle East region, our relatively small in total, was up 11.9%, led by our businesses in the UAE and South Africa. Slide 11 shows our mix of business for the quarter split equally between advertising services and marketing services. As per their respective organic growth rates, advertising services were up 6.4% or $125 million and marketing services were up 4.1% or $79 million. Within marketing services, CRM was up 4.3%. Most of our categories within the CRM discipline were up a bit year over year, with only sales promotion businesses down and our field marketing businesses close to flat. Public relations was up slightly at 0.3% and specialty communications was up about 8% on the strength of the performance of our full-service healthcare businesses. On slide 12 we present our mix of business by industry sector. Comparing our year to date revenue in 2015 to last year's figures, you can see there were no meaningful changes in this mix. Turning to our cash flow performance on slide 13, in the first half of the year, we generated $757 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on slide 14, dividends paid to our common shareholders increased to $251 million, reflecting the 25% increase in our quarterly dividend during Q2 of 2014. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $61 million. Capital expenditures were $107 million, up from last year due to an increase in leasehold improvements related to some recent real estate consolidations and acquisitions including earn out payments net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $65 million. And finally, stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plan totaled $386 million. Since we restarted our share repurchase program just over a year ago, post the termination of the merger, we gave spent about $1.38 billion and purchased about 19 million shares. All in, we out-spent our free cash flow by about $113 million during the first six months of 2015. Turning to slide 15, focusing first on our capital structure, our total debt of $4.57 billion is down about $37 million from the first quarter, mainly due to a decrease in the fair value adjustment to our debt carrying value as required by US GAAP related to the in-the-money amount of our interest rate swaps. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $3.2 billion. The increase in our net debt of about $690 million over the past 12 months was driven primarily by the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of $254 million as well as the negative impact of FX translation on our cash balance over the last 12 months of approximately $402 million using period end spot rates. Although our net debt has increased over the past year, our ratios remain very strong. Our total debt to EBITDA was 2.1 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.4 times. And due to both the decrease in our interest expense and an increase in EBITDA, our interest coverage ratio improved to 12.9 times. Turning to slide 16, we continue to successfully manage and build the company through a combination of strategic acquisitions as well as focused internal development initiatives. Over the last 12 months, our return on invested capital increased to 17.6% and return on equity increased to 35.9%. And finally on slide 17, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders since 2004. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2004 through the second quarter, which totaled $10.5 billion. And the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period totaled $11.4 billion for a cumulative payout ratio of 109%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides on the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll first go to the line of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So I guess I wanted to start with capital allocation, your acquisition activity seems to be fairly moderate at this point. John, wondering if you could update us on what you are seeing in the M&A pipeline, relative prices across the globe, what your appetite is and whether that’s changed? And then a quick question on buybacks and dividends and the ratio and spread between those, wondering if you have any updated thoughts on shareholder capital returns. Thanks very much.
John Wren: There are quite a few acquisitions that are in the pipeline and August and September, I think, many of the things that we’ve been working on will come to a final decision both on our part and that of the sellers. We’re muted in the first half because as we were doing acquisitions we’ve also taken a couple of small companies that no longer fit the portfolio and we’ve divested ourselves, that’s why you see the net number affecting our overall revenues. The prices, I would say, the prices [are pretty dear], no one is giving anything away and certainly nothing we’re interested in purchasing. But they’re not – we are still very disciplined in the way that we approach it and we have to make sure ourselves that we can extract the proper value before we’ll actually finish and close the deal. So I’m hopeful, there is a couple that we’ve been talking to which expand our presence in markets outside the United States and also a couple in media that I’m hoping that will get accomplished in the back half of this year. But I’m not in control – without getting requisite about the price, I’m not in control about how the process finishes out. With respect to our capital program, that really remains the same, Peter. First, we plan to utilize our free cash flow really in three manners. First, to pay dividends; the second, to pay for and hopefully increase the number of acquisitions we do and then share buybacks, turn out to be the fall out the difference between the amount of cash we generate and taking care of those first two items. There is no foreseeable change in terms of our attitude of what we’re planning to do.
Philip Angelastro: Just one thing to add, I think on the buyback front, we certainly have come off the last 12 months of some increased activity probably higher than we’ve historically bought back, mainly since we were out of the market for an extended period of time. I think we don’t foresee going back to those levels, the levels we were at in Q3 and Q4 of last year as well as Q2 of last year. But depending on the timing of the acquisitions and what we close and what we don’t get closed, that will have an impact on the buyback activity for the balance of the year.
Peter Stabler: Quick follow-up for Phil, can you tell us what the contribution of digital media pass through was to the organic growth number for the quarter?
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, so the growth in our Accuen business for the quarter was about $30 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani: Just two quick questions. First one on the outlook for organic growth, you’ve come in well ahead of our full year guide of 3.5% for the year in the first half of the year. What should we expect in the back half, any color there? And just following up to the earlier question about the programmatic contribution, maybe if you could talk a little bit about how the impact is on profitability in the quarter?
John Wren: Certainly the over-achievement in organic growth that we’ve had in the first half versus what our original guess was for the year, those will continue to pass through for the balance of the year. We don’t expect to go into that. And at this point, until we have a little bit more clarity on a few things, I’d say looking to the third quarter and the fourth quarter, we’d still stay conservative and stay with the 3.5% back half growth of revenue.
Alexia Quadrani: And then in terms of the margins on the [indiscernible] pass through?
Philip Angelastro: I think we’re fine and are finding that the margins are, as we described previously, we expect that overtime as we get more scale that the margins in programmatic space are going to approximate our media margins overall and we’re going to end up with a normal margin contribution relative to the rest of our media businesses. And I think we’re still on track to do that.
Alexia Quadrani: And then John if I could just follow-up on some of the commentary you had in your opening remarks about unprecedented set of media count reviews right now, I think you highlighted that maybe one of the drivers might be the technology changes we’re seeing and the allocation decisions of media might be causing advertisers take a closer look at their media relationships, would you say that’s sort of the main reason that you’re saying that lot of these reviews are coming into play? And if you would, any commentary on possible pressure on margins, just in maintaining a relationship, do you have to [indiscernible] keep that relationship in review?
John Wren: Sure. As you can imagine, Alexia, I’m not in the room when the picture is being made, but I’m following them very closely with Daryl Simm and the other leadership people in OMG. And despite all of the other noise and everything else that’s out there in the marketplace, I really do think it’s been very consistent that clients are really reevaluating how they’ve done things in the past and they’re reevaluating their teams that they are doing with. And we’ve been, as I said, I think we’re about halfway through the reviews that have been called, it’s a guess, but we think that will all be decided by October and it will be very interesting to see who the net winners are in this round. So I’m very confident that with the amount of revenue we’ve already won and the few losses that we’ve suffered, we’re well ahead of the game and looking out there should only be upside opportunity for us. The second part of your question? I’m sorry.
Alexia Quadrani: Do you feel the industry, not just Omnicom, but the industry has to give better – some concessions or some better rates and fees in order to keep these media count when they’re up for review?
John Wren: Except for one client that we consciously elected to not pitch because of terms that they wanted, we haven’t seen people raising forward and discounting things. The clients are fairly sophisticated and they know that at the end of the day, they’ll get what they pay for. I think it has more to do with the complexity of the marketplace and it turns out to be a process that ultimately should be beneficial to us, on my side of the table, but it’s totally also very beneficial to the client because they challenge their own media folk to say, listen, we’ve been doing this this way up until now, should we be changing the way that we’re planning or executing. And we’re seeing clients rethinking their whole behavior. So I don’t see – and in terms of the cost advantages, it turns out that it’s an unprecedented time, but the people who are using naturally are senior people and probably be just working a little bit harder than they were before all these pitches commenced.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research.
Craig Huber: A couple housekeeping questions, if I could. How many shares did you buyback in the quarter, please?
Philip Angelastro: Just give me one second, Craig, and I'll get that for you. I think it's about 1.6 million, a little over 1.6 million shares.
Craig Huber: And then in terms of expectations for the full year, should investors expect you guys not to outspend your free cash this year on dividends with small acquisitions and share buybacks, but not to outspend free cash like you've done in some other recent years?
Philip Angelastro: I don't think we'd expect not to outspend, but depending on the timing of some acquisitions that we're working on, we'll probably come close in terms of an expectation of spending our free cash flow may be a little bit more and some things could change in the next six months between now and then. But I don't think you should expect that we'll outspend it to any significant degree, but we certainly will look to spend all the free cash flow by the end of the year and maybe a little bit more.
Craig Huber: And then, John, question for you on all these media reviews going on right now, is it your expectation everything is all said and done that yourself and the other three major players in the marketplace that these revenues just move back and forth between the four of you or do you think on a net basis a decent amount of that could actually get moved over to some smaller third-party perhaps programmatic players out there?
John Wren: No. I fully expect that the four or five players that are out there will be the beneficiaries and suffer the changes that happen. I don't see money being diverted to these small ad tech players at this point and certainly not from the reviews that are going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis: Phil, just one question. With some of the changes you discussed, I guess maybe you and John discussed from a client perspective and technology, there's a narrative in the industry that there will be longer-term margin pressure and so if that's going to be the case, can you talk about some flexibility you may have on the cost side of your business either on the salary or the OMG line?
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I think you know from John's comments, in the last question, I think we're going into these pitches in particular looking to provide value to clients and for clients look at that value and realize that to get what they need and to get the best services that they're going to need competitively priced it. We've approached the business and we'll continue to in approach the business looking for efficiencies internally and we've been down that path, we're going to continue down that path. We think we're pretty efficient, but we think there's certainly room for improvement and we're pushing pretty hard on several fronts as it relates to that. So we manage the business for the long-term. We're going to continue to make the investments that we think need to be made and find the right balance of growth and profitability and returns, and we're going to take whatever actions we think we need to get there. Some of them are certainly longer term in nature; some of them are shorter term in nature. But we expect to continue to manage the portfolio and maintain or improve over time our margin profile. So we don't think this is really any new or dramatically different. We've always realized we need to continue to push on the efficiency front. We’re going to continue to do that so that we can continue to generate the returns that our shareholders are looking for and generate the margins that we think will allow us to continue to invest in the business and have sustainable growth and sustainable profits.
John Wren: And just as examples that ongoing process which occurs, we are in the area of real estate and payroll that's probably our largest next expense, we have probably changed the living conditions of close to 12,000 people who work for us just in the first six months of this year in terms of moving from existing space which were legacy leases into more modern open plan spaces. The net effect is you do become more productive when you're working like that and we’ve been able to on a net basis lower our future rentals by doing that. There's items in areas like that going throughout the whole cost system within the company to try to become more efficient.
John Janedis: Maybe one quick one just on Accuen, to what extent are there more markets to expand outside the US? And of the $30 million you referenced, is there a meaningful piece of that international or is it mostly US in terms of the growth?
Philip Angelastro: I think you got to give me a minute on the split, but I’m not sure I have it here, I may have to get back to you. But we've expanded over the last I'd say at this point 15 to 18 months to most of the significant markets outside the US where Accuen operates and where we see it operating. There might be some opportunity for some of the smaller markets outside the US that we're going to continue to pursue, but we're pretty much in any and all of the significant markets we expect to be in. So I think we see opportunity for Accuen to grow both in the US and outside the US, but there's a decent amount of the growth that's coming from the rest of the world. And I can get back to you with a more specific number, but it's probably this quarter say roughly around 50/50, US and outside the US.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon: Two questions: one for Phil and one for John. Phil, obviously in the areas of analytics, programmatic, you’ve seen a big ramp up in your offering there over the past four or five years, do you see a point where that starts to even off a little bit, ease off a little bit rather, simply as you move past the stage of getting that new business established, or does really the increased demand keep that headcount growing at the same rate? And then for John, you made a good point in discussing the media reviews earlier as how much everyone's somewhat conflicted out of certain pitches because of current client relationships. Would you expect that because of that maybe the hold rate actually ends up little bit higher just because we've got so many of them going on at once?
John Wren: I have an opinion, I just hesitate to speculate. I think there will be some – even if there is a hold, I do think there is a reevaluation of approach, so on some of the very, very large pieces of business that still aren't decided, you might see adjustments to what – even if the same supplier holds onto it, the activities that we're doing in the past and the activities that will be doing in the future. But I would say that there will be some net change, but in terms of, I think the revenue of each of the larger holding companies, there's not much. When you look at it as percentage point, there's probably only, in the worst case, a couple of percentage points which could possibly move. And if they don't retain them, it's only a couple of percentage points that the winner would gain. It's just the state of the play at the moment. They're all significant, significant psychologically. I don't know if that answers your question or not?
Daniel Salmon: Helpful. A little color. Thanks.
Philip Angelastro: So on the analytics and programmatic front, I think our perspective is its still early days. Although we've been making investments for the last five years or so in our data and analytics platform, Annalect, and Accuen has been around now for, in a sizable way for the last year and a half or so to two years. We think it's still somewhat early days. We expect the growth opportunities to continue in the future, but as the businesses get bigger and the base gets bigger, we're not going to be surprised if the rate of growth slows a bit just because of the math of the numbers. But when you talk about the data and analytics side, and Accuen, we see some big opportunities there for using that platform to drive growth and drive insights through the rest of our lines of businesses, not just through the media business and the programmatic space. So we see some opportunities certainly in our CRM businesses and frankly the rest of our portfolio to utilize the data and analytics to actually drive some and find some meaningful insights that we can use and provide big ideas for our clients that are going to help us grow in areas other than just programmatic media. So we're optimistic for the opportunities in the future. A lot can change and will change as it has over the last few years here, but we think we've got a great set of assets that we're going to be able to build on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen: John, I just wanted to come back to your question, to your comment on, you referenced potential rate rises by the Fed. Could you give us your thoughts on what does a rising rate environment mean for the ad market? And my understanding is that is often a response to rising inflation, which means pricing power increases a little bit, which is generally good for marketers and hence, for agencies. Maybe that's a little simplistic. If you wouldn't mind just please explaining what a rising rate environment means.
John Wren: Sure. From your lips to God's ears, I would like a little inflation back in this business. It's a long, long time since we've had it. The problem is and I'm no economic expert, the problem is it's been what, six years since the Fed has been in these markets. And there's been a lot of growth not so much in the industry, but across the spectrum which has been effectively free for large companies that could access capital freely. It's hard to gauge the disruption it might have in some of the emerging markets. As we reinforce the strength of the dollar versus – through the interest rate mechanisms and actions versus other places in the world. So does it have a direct impact on the capital structures or the ability for advertising industry to function? No. And I think it will be a good long time because I think the Fed hikes when they come will be very gradual and take quite a period of time before they become impactful. So it's just yet another unknown. It's nothing that we fear is something that we watch and we try to gauge with our existing client base around the world.
Philip Angelastro: Operator, I think we have for time for one more quick question.
Operator: Thank you. And that will be from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank: I'll try and make it quick. It's actually a follow-up, I think, to an earlier question on the call about wins and losses. I think we've always viewed win some, lose some, right. You win some, you lose some. You guys have a really strong platform. Occasionally, you lose and you usually make up for it over time. I think the question is less about the structural issues of procurement getting more involved in programmatic and more about as a general rule, do legacy clients tend to be more profitable than newly acquired clients, given the infrastructure you've already invested in and historical pricing? Does a shift from legacy clients to newer clients impact margin in the same way it always might have or is it not an issue?
John Wren: It's not significant. And you might, if enough new business was won in a particular quarter, you might see a minor blip because the least profitable time for someone in the agency business in dealing with the client is when we first acquire it because we have to gear up and put a team together and start to work. And oddly enough, some of the most profitable moments in the history of a client are after you’ve been put on notice. But to answer your question, I don't think it significantly moves the needle for anyone in the larger holding company type of environment.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you all for joining the call. We appreciate you taking the time.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President, Investor Relations John Wren - President and CEO Phil Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer Daryl Simm - Chairman and CEO, Omnicom Media Group
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Tim Nollen - Macquarie Bill Bird - FBR John Janedis - Jeffries Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to introduce you to today’s host for today’s conference call, Vice President, Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2015 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release, we have posted on our website at www.omnicomgroup.com, both our press release and the presentation covering the information that we will be reviewing this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our Investor Presentation. And to point out, that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results. And then we will open up the line for your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Thank you for joining us this morning. I am pleased to speak to you about our first quarter results. As I am sure you have seen Omnicom had a solid first quarter with organic growth of 5.1% giving us a strong start to the year. We also met our margin targets for the quarter and are on track to meet our internal targets for the full year. As reported in February, the strong U.S. dollar versus other currencies in the world will have a negative impact on our results for 2015. In the first quarter, 44% of our total revenue was derived from markets outside the U.S. FX reduced our non-U.S. revenue by $226 million, represent a 13.9% of international revenue and 6.5% of our total revenue. It is important to point out that our non-U.S. operations are naturally hedged as both revenue and expenses are in the same currency. As a result, primary impact of these FX movements is in our dollar reported revenue and earnings. Phil will provide more details about the impact of the FX on our results later in the call. Our operational results, excluding the impact of currencies were excellent during the quarter. More specifically, looking at organic growth by region, North America was up by 4.8%, primarily driven by brand advertising and more specifically, our media operations. Our U.K. growth was very strong at 9.3%, reflecting solid results across our portfolio of agencies and discipline. Euro markets showed improvement and there are signs of stability in most countries in the region. Growth during the quarter was 2.7%. France had slightly positive growth, Germany continued to be positive and Spain performed very well, while the Netherlands remained negative. Outside the Euro markets, Czech Republic, Russia and Turkey outperformed during the quarter. Although, results in Euro market this quarter is somewhat encouraging, the pace of growth is still somewhat sluggish across the region. We are hopeful that the ECB actions and other structural reforms will be successful and help restore growth in the region. Turning to Asia, it was up 6.7%, with most markets performing very well, including Australia, China, India, Korea, Singapore and Thailand. And Latin America saw growth of 3.4%, with strong growth in Brazil and Mexico, offset by a client loss in Chile. Our ability to consistently win more than our fair share of new business has helped us deliver our organic growth. For the quarter and as we recently announced we has some very good wins including the consolidation of Wells Fargo Media and Digital business at OMD and organic. TBWA was awarded, Thomson Reuters, Travelers and the Royal Caribbean business during the quarter. And just last week Bacardi announced the global consolidation of their creative and media across all their brands with BBDO and OMD. These are just the few of the key wins and there are many more throughout the company. I want to congratulate all of our agencies and people for their ongoing success on this front. Looking at our bottom line, despite the currency impacts on the U.S. dollar, our net income was up just over 2% and our average share count was down over 5% from the prior year. The combined result was an increase in EPS of almost 8%, or $0.83 per share for the quarter. Overall, we had solid organic growth. Our margins remained strong and in line with our expectations and we are on track to meet our targets for 2015. Before turning the call over Phil, I would like to make a few comments on what we are seeing in the industry and how our strategies allow us to achieve consistent financial results. As I have discussed in our previous calls, our industry is undergoing a major transformation as new digital tools and platforms emerge with media and technology evolving at an accelerating pace. As a result, we are moving from marketing to broad audiences, to marketing to people. A recent example of this trend in U.S. is the direction linear TV is headed. In the last few months, we’ve seen announcements from Apple, DIRECTV, Dish, HBO, NBC, Sony and others on the launch of some form of web streaming service. These announcements further demonstrate consumers’ desire to access content, where they want it, on the choice of their device and on their timetable. Another consequence of the rapid transformation of the industry is the huge amount of data that has been generated from new marketing technologies and platforms. As said before, that an idea is brilliant only if the idea is both brilliantly executed and grounded in a meaningful consumer insight because the volume of data is important, our ability to drive results. Doing such is the real value we bring to the table. As marketers, our people fundamentally meet connect brands with consumers, using all relevant insights and across all platforms and devices. With the increasing complexity of the marketing landscape, our clients demand for our services is only increasing. As you know, Omnicom has several core strategies to drive growth in this environment. These strategies are focused around the continuing improving and developing our talent, enhancing our capabilities in new markets and in driving ideas and creativity through consumer insights. In short, we need to ensure our people to understand and apply new technologies in their creative thinking across disciplines and we need to invest in tools and platform that enable our people to drive insight and execute marketing programs on behalf of our clients across all mediums. To achieve this, our strategy has been for our agencies to invest in developing digital capabilities from within. For example, our media agencies are reinventing themselves into technology and analytics driven businesses. Our creative agencies are building capabilities and using insights to produce new types of creative content. And our PR agencies are now experts in navigating social media channels. We are also continually investing in the reach and functionality of our tools and platforms. All of our agencies from PR to media, to advertising and CRM have access to analytics -- centralized analytics and technology platforms. Of course, technology is not enough. You need smart, talented people who know how to use it. It is here that I think Omnicom truly leads our industry. Omnicom University, which is run in partnership with Harvard Business School and is considered one of the foremost executive education programs in our industry, has digital skills training and strategy embedded in all aspects of the curriculum. And at the local level, our networks and agencies do an excellent job of training and development within the context of their specific disciplines. For example, BBDO and proximity have a practice called Digital Lab, which leverages blogs, white papers, seminars and data hackathon to keep their people on the leading edge of developments in both digital and interactive marketing. This enables them to apply their latest knowledge in their planning and creative processes. Similarly, our media network, Omnicom Media Group has a rigorous program of online and in-person course work for all their people. Omnicom also co-hosts regular training summits for all of our agencies in the United States, Europe and in Asia in partnership with companies such as AOL, Facebook, Google, Twitter and Snapchat, where our people are able to experience the latest technologies about rolling the marketplace. This training is critical. It is our way to ensure that our talent around the globe has the technology know-how and digital insights needed to deliver solutions for our clients. In summary, we are heading into 2015 from a position of strength. We are on track to meet our full year growth targets and have made great strides against our key strategies objectives. Omnicom continues to be an industry leader, embracing new technologies and delivering outstanding creative results. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the numbers. Phil?
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John and good morning. As John said, our businesses have continued their strong operating performance, delivering against their financial and strategic objectives and maintaining their focus on meeting the needs of their clients. Our organic revenue growth for the quarter of 5.1% was above our expectations. While our underlying businesses continued to perform well, the negative impact of FX continues to create a considerable headwind on our revenue. This quarter, the impact of FX reduced revenue by 6.4%, or $226 million. And as was the case last quarter, FX was negative across every one of our significant foreign markets. As a result, an inclusive of the slightly positive impact from our net acquisition, revenue for the quarter was about $3.5 billion, down nine-tenths of a percent versus Q1 last year. I will discuss our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes. FX also had a negative affect on our EBITDA for the quarter, which decreased $2.1 million to $405 million versus our reported figure of $407 million in Q1 last year. However, because the vast majority of our expenses are denominated in the same local currencies as our revenue and currencies in virtually all markets were down, the negative impact of FX on our operating margins was not significant for the quarter. Additionally, we continue to see the positive impact of our efforts to increase efficiencies throughout the organization. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 11.7%, up 10 basis points versus Q1 2014. And operating income or EBIT decreased $5 million to $378 million and our operating margin of 10.9% was unchanged versus Q1 2014, primarily due to the year-over-year increase and the amortization of our intangible assets resulting from our recent acquisitions. Now, turning to the items below operating income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $34.2 million, down $4.8 million versus Q1 of 2014 and up $4.2 million from the fourth quarter. As compared to Q1 of last year, net interest expense was down $4.8 million, primarily due to positive impact of a floating interest rate swap we entered into during May and September of 2014, as well as the small increase in interest income from our cash management efforts, partially offset by the additional interest expense related to the issuance last October of $750 million of 10-year senior notes. Versus the fourth quarter, the increase in net interest expense reflected a full quarter’s interest on the senior notes issued during October of last year, as well as the reduction in interest income earned by our international treasury centers in Q1, when compared to Q4 driven by lower cash and working capital level, which are typical after year end. Our quarterly tax rate of 32.8% is in line with our current tax rate projection for 2015. Earnings from our affiliates was slightly negative during the first quarter. Any allocation of earnings for the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased by $1.8 million to $20.7 million primarily due to the purchase of minority interest in certain subsidiaries in 2014 as well as FX because of significant portion of our less than fully owned subsidiaries are located outside the U.S. As a result, net income was $209.1 million, that’s an increase of $3.6 million or 1.8% versus Q1 last year. Turning to slide three. The remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter after the allocation of $2.8 million of net income to participating securities, which for us are the dividend paying unrestricted shares held by our employees, was $206.3 million, an increase of 2.4% versus last year. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was $247.4 million, which is down 5.4% versus last year as a result of the resumption of our share buyback program during the second quarter of 2014. As a result, diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.83 per share, an increase of $0.06 or 7.8% versus Q1 2014. Turning to slide four. We shift the discussed to our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter, the U.S. dollar continued to strengthen against every one of our major currencies. The decrease in value of the euro had a largest translation impact on our revenue. But all currencies weakened significantly year-over-year versus the U.S. dollar during the quarter. This decreased our revenue for the quarter by $226 million or 6.4%. The decline in the value of the euro represented approximately 45% of the total FX impact. Other non-euro currencies in Europe were approximately 15% and the U.K. pound was another 15% of the total FX impact. Looking ahead, considering the steep decline in the value of all major currencies against the U.S. dollar, the freights continue to stay where they are. FX could negatively impact our revenues by approximately 7.5% during the second quarter and approximately 6.5% for the full year. That being said, with the current volatility in currency markets, it’s hard to pinpoint what will happen to FX rates over the remaining eight plus months of the year. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $14 million driven by our acquisitions in Latin America, Europe and here in the U.S. over the last 12 months. And finally, organic growth was positive $179 million or 5.1% this quarter. It was another quarter with solid organic growth across all of our major markets with a few exceptions. The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included continued excellent performance across our media businesses driven by the continuing expansion of our media offerings and new business wins, the most recent being Wells Fargo and Bacardi early in the second quarter. Our full service healthcare businesses in our CRM and PR categories turned in solid performances this quarter. The continuation of the strong performance in the U.K. across most of our businesses as well as excellent performances in the emerging market this quarter, including Brazil, Mexico, India, Thailand and our Middle East agencies. In the euro markets, overall organic growth was positive including France for the first time in a while. And across the Asia Pacific region, our performance was strong. On slide five, we present our regional mix of business. During the quarter, the split was 60% from North America, 10% for the U.K., 16% for the rest of Europe, 10% for Asia Pacific with the remaining 4% being split between Latin America and Africa and the Middle East. In North America, in which the U.S. and Canada turned in solid performances, we had organic revenue growth of 4.8%, again primarily driven this quarter by the performance of our media, full service healthcare and PR businesses. Turning to Europe, U.K. once again had a very strong quarter. The rest of the Europe was up 2.7% led by our agencies in Germany and Spain as well as the positive performance of our non-euro markets in Europe. The Netherlands and Italy were again negative for the quarter and France crossed into positive territory this quarter albeit slightly. We are still cautiously optimistic about Europe as we had further in to 2015, especially in view of the macroeconomic changes being pursued in the region. Asia Pacific was up 6.7% with strong performances from most of our major Asian markets, including China, India, Japan, Singapore and South Korea with one exception being Hong Kong. Latin America overall was up 3.4% organically. Positive performance in Brazil which faced difficult comp versus Q1 of last year as well as Mexico was tempered by continued weakness in Chile. As we mentioned on the last few calls, the decrease in Chile was related to the loss of the significant local client in that market, which we will finish cycling through in the second quarter of 2015. In the Africa and the Middle East regions, although off a small base was up 10.6% led by a strong quarter from our businesses in Qatar, the UAE and South Africa. Slide six shows our mix of business for the quarter, which again was split evenly between advertising and marketing services. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising was up 7.7% and marketing services overall was up 2.7%. Within marketing services, CRM was up 2.6%, almost all of our categories within the CRM discipline were up a bit year-over-year. Public Relations was up 3.1% and Specialty Communications was up about 2.6% on the strength of our full service healthcare businesses. On slide seven, we present our mix of business by industry sector. There were no meaningful changes in this mix during the quarter, despite the significant impact of FX which was a good indication of the diversity of our portfolio of clients. Turning to our cash flow performance on slide eight. In the first quarter, we generated $322 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. As for our primary uses of cash on slide nine, dividends paid to our common shareholders increased to $126 million, reflecting the 25% increase in our quarterly dividends that was approved in the second quarter of 2014. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $25 million. Capital expenditures were $38 million. Acquisitions including earn-out payments and net of proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $32 million and stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $256 million. Since we restarted our share repurchase program in mid May, post the termination of the merger, we spent about $1.25 billion purchased about 17.4 million shares net. All in we outspent our free cash flow by about $156 million in the quarter. Turning to slide 10 focusing first on our capital structure. As a reminder, we issued $750 million in 10-year senior notes, a 3.65% during the fourth quarter of 2014. This coupled with the $75 million adjustment to our debt carrying value related to the in-the-money amount of our interest rate swap as required by U.S. GAAP increased our total debt to $4.6 billion as of March 31, while our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $3.1 billion. The increase in our net debt of $1.1 billion over the past 12 months was driven primarily by the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow of $681 million as well as the negative impact of FX translations on our cash balance over the last 12 months of approximately $415 million. Net debt increased by $891 million compared to year end, as a result of the negative impact of FX translation on our cash balances of approximately $140 million, the use of cash in excess of free cash flow for the quarter of $155 million and the typical use as a working capital that historically occurred in our first quarter. Although our net debt has increased, our ratios remain very strong. Our total debt to EBITDA was 2.1 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.4 times. And due to both, the decrease in our interest expense and the increase in EBITDA, our interest coverage ratio improved to 12.9 times. Turning to slide 11, we continue to successfully manage and build the company through a combination of prudently priced acquisitions and well-focused internal development initiatives. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital increased to 18.6% and return on equity increased to 36.3%. And finally on slide 12, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders since 2004. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2004 through Q1 2015, which totaled $10.2 billion. And the bars show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the some of which during the same period totaled $11.2 billion for a cumulative payout ratio of 109%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included a number of other supplemental slides on the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Shub Mukherjee: Excuse me, Operator -- just I forget to mention -- before we start the questions, we are happy to have Daryl Simm, CEO of Omnicom Media Group with us here today for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani, representing JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. John, I think in your opening remarks, I think you mentioned that you are on track to meet your internal target. I am sure if that was the margins or just organic growth or just in general. I guess my question is, can you update us on, I guess, your targets for organic growth for the year and also for margin if that was what you’re implying?
John Wren: Sure. This is terribly conservative, Alexia, I think from the point of view that with currencies moving and the changes around the world, we’re very comfortable by keeping our revenue target at 3.5% and -- whereas I am not 100% ready to forecast margins for the balance of the year, our internal goal starting now for the second quarter is to hold our margins from what they were the prior year.
Alexia Quadrani: And then any impact if you can highlight -- I am sorry if I missed this, the impact on a programmatic on the organic revenue growth rate in the quarter?
Phil Angelastro: Yes. Alexia, the programmatic business grew sequentially from Q4 to Q1 by about 10%.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. And then since you have Daryl in the room, just one more and maybe Daryl can update us on I guess what you’re seeing generally in advertising trends going into the second quarter, I guess any commentary about upfront would be great? Thank you.
Daryl Simm: Well, it’s still -- Alexia still early from in terms of confirmed client budgets for the upfront of course. But on the other hand, we do have expectations and the expectations are that the trends that we’ve really seen, I would say over the past 18 months or so, are going to continue. And what that means on balance, we’ve seen of course above average growth in digital and that’s been driven by premium video which we see continued increased interest. And on the TV upfront side, I think we should expect a continuation of the kind of cautious approach that we saw this past year between upfront and short-term naturally. Some clients are going to want to secure specific properties, particularly if they have initiatives during the year. But outside of that, we see a somewhat cautious approach. For those of us that have been following the upfront for a long time, I think we are used to the past where the upfront was really a selling time for the entire year that set the market and it really has become I think the beginning of the annual sale season. And it’s an important part of it, that’s the beginning of the year -- of the sale season.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank: Okay. Thank you. I want to follow up on some of the kind of the broad thematics. I think John opened with resisted temptation to drill down further on the quarter. And I think used opportunity to ask some sort of bigger picture questions here. And it seems to me that as we speak with industry players on the advertiser side, the agency side, the media operating side, the biggest thing now I will talk about in terms of technology offering us and we’re really beginning to see it is kind of more efficient achievement of reaching impressions we target, right. That’s the part of all this. And in the long run, people really seem to think that advertisers will increase budgets as long as the return on investment is positive. But in the short run, I am not so sure, there seems to be such pressure on the multinational public companies with their FX pressures and dealing with shareholders that I don’t -- I am not really sure how much of that efficiency they are reinvesting. And how do you feel about that right now? Do you think clients are redeploying the savings that you’re bringing them in terms of the efficiency of reach, or they sort of banking it? And how do you see that developing over time? Thanks for the long question.
John Wren: Yes. Sure. I would say many clients are reinvesting those efficiencies and there are few and that as you suggested have other challenges which they put in front of them, they are still supporting their brands, but maybe not to the level that of the efficiencies. I think clients start -- each brand starts with targets and goals and objectives that they have to reach. And if we’re able to assist them in achieving those targets in a more efficient way, which is the hope, the money doesn’t always have to be reinvested back directly into advertising. For the most part, that’s not a bad thing for an Omnicom. The principal way that we earn our revenues and profits are really in helping clients navigate through the complexity of this new marketplace and where audiences are, how to reach them, how to obtain quality content so they’ll be interested in it. So where something which might have been invested in say traditional TV in the past, if we found an alternative way to get that audience for less money, our part of that might have increased, whereas the traditional TV seller might not have -- might see the decline in their sales.
David Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi. It’s Tim Nollen from Macquarie. I wanted to ask about your comments on the upfront market, the TV market. Clearly, seeing some of the changes coming, you talk about a lot more streaming activity going on. I wonder if you could talk about from the agency perspective, from Omnicom’s creative and maybe from volume perspectives, what are doing that might be a little bit different this year with the TV companies to work beyond, just the TV ad sale into a broader behavior or targeting ad sale, incorporating TV and digital viewing?
John Wren: Daryl, you might want to try this one?
Daryl Simm: Yes, absolutely. I mean, this is something we’re very interested in. In fact, as we look at video, video is across a number of different platform, some of it coming from the so-called traditional providers, others coming from full episode providers like Hulu, others coming from more pure digital plays like the YouTube, the Yahoo’s, the AOL’s and what not. But as we go into sale season, what we’re seeing are real initiatives that are coming from some of the more traditional providers in terms of not just offering of digital video but offering of -- I would say packages or ideas and concepts that allow us to bridge between -- more aggressively between the conventional sale and the digital capability and the digital products that they now have. And I anticipate that that’s going to be an ever more significant part of the conversations going ahead. And we’ve certainly seen coverage over the past few days of I think leaders of major media companies discover and they like talking about that very concept. And it’s something that both, our clients and we as agencies are very interested in discussing how we extract more value for our clients using that kind of approach.
Tim Nollen: So does that mean -- you think maybe that what we consider traditional definition of TV advertising they become our archaic. I mean, it’s -- how content they consumed? And 'TV' lose a share of ad revenues that that might not necessarily matter as long as there more and more dollars been placed across different points of viewership, is that a fair assessment?
Daryl Simm: Yes. I think from a high level, that’s exactly right. But you also need to consider that when we look at movement of video, it’s not necessarily exclusively away from television simply because its site sound and motion. Advertisers look at their plan and their strategy to reach consumers holistically and they are zero basing it year-on-year increasingly as opposed to simply looking at it within a bucket called television and reallocation. It’s coming from a number of different sources. So I think we have to look at the whole environment in a much more fluid basis than we had in the past as you assess those kinds of company.
Q - Tim Nollen: Great. Thanks. Can I ask one more question please it’s totally unrelated? John, you’re talking about your emphasis on training. It struck me on these things a bit more about you’re trending focus on economy universe at this time in the previous calls. I just wonder how you look at an organic development, organic talent development versus acquisition which have been fairly slow. I don’t know if it’s an apples-to-apples comparison or if you can maybe talk a bit more about that please and your expenditure of capital on that?
John Wren: Sure. Well, training, we opened Omnicom University in 1995 and it’s been dedicated through recessions to good times to bad times. So we at the top put a lot of time and attention into training and developing our people. And that is also true if you go to each one of our major subsidiaries. With the environment and the changes in the environment, what we started in ‘95 is more important today than it’s ever been [Indiscernible]. Not only do our data sciences and I’d say your people need to keep up with all the changes that are going on, our creative people, our account people, everyone of our employees has to be very current in terms of watch out there how it can be used to creatively create the tools and products that we need. So we’re very pleased to have the foundation that we have and we keep it adjusting and adding to it. And that asset which was developed in ‘95, for a long time was really principally based just in the U.S. Over the last couple of years we’ve taken that throughout our entire global portfolio and we’ll continue to do that. And I forgot the first part of your questions.
Q - Tim Nollen: Acquisition?
John Wren: Acquisitions. We just formed the new dedicated acquisition group, one that we even had in several years. And we’re looking at quite a number of opportunities, probably on a more formal basis than we have in the last several years. And so I expect over time, we will be doing more but nothing -- no big banging type of things. Sensible acquisitions -- midsized that fit, what we see as our strategic growth areas, both in the United States in certain product areas and in certain key emerging markets.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. I mean, just to add on that, I think we’ve always been consistent in saying and it still holds true. But as we approach our capital allocation process to the extent that we can find more acquisitions that need or fit in strategy requirements, we’re going to try and do more acquisitions in anyone given year than less. We don’t have a fixed box of acquisition dollars and/or share buyback dollars that we intend to spend going into a year. So, I think the pipeline is good and to the extent, we can do more than we’ve done in the past and in a particular year, we will. But to the extent that we don’t find deals that meet our strategic requirements or the fit requirements then we’ll continue to operate as we have.
John Wren: And to give you a very timely example, when we’ve done with this call, my next two hours after that is with an acquisition candidate.
Q - Tim Nollen: Great. Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Bill Bird with FBR. Please go ahead.
Bill Bird: Good morning. I might have missed it, John, but could you give the net new business figure for the quarter and maybe speak to just the new business pipeline overall? Thank you.
John Wren: So, Phil, you have the number?
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. The number was just below $1.1 billion for the quarter. That doesn’t include -- does not include the most recent Bacardi one.
John Wren: In terms of the pipeline, it’s pretty good. We have one or two. We’re going to wind-up defending, but for the most part the people and client -- potential clients we are talking to, we feel very good about it. It’s changed here little bit. You still get formal bids and competitions, but increasingly, we are getting assignments as we did like in Bacardi, which did not require a bid. There was a consolidation with certain objectives that approved. We are going to help that company reach. So it’s healthy, always could be. We have a very good track good record. So the more or somebody else business that goes into review, yeah, the more -- the better opportunity is for us to win. So, but it’s pretty decent though.
Bill Bird: And what are your current thoughts on the phasing of your stock buybacks and your leverage? Are you at a level of leverage that’s consistent with your target or could you see it going higher?
Phil Angelastro: I think our leverage is probably right where we have historically been, right around that. And our focus is primarily on maintaining our rating at that principal focus in terms of how we look at our capital structure. So I think it’s probably safe to say that, you shouldn’t expect to see the next 12 months in terms of buyback activity to be anywhere similar to the last 12 months. Over the last 12 months we’ve bought back about a 1.250 billion of stock. So we have some catching up to do as we had discussed last May. I don’t think you can expect the activity be at that level. Certainly, we will continue to look at it in context of our free cash flow as far as continuing to pay dividend. What acquisitions are out there that we do endeavor to do, is going to reduce the number. But certainly the activity prospectively as we look at the next 12 months is going to be down relative to the last 12 months.
Bill Bird: Thank you.
Operator: We will go to line of John Janedis representing Jeffries. Please go ahead.
John Janedis: John, since your last call, there has obviously been a lot of talk around rebates and general business practices across the industry? Can you remind us to what extend you use them and the transparency with clients? I am just try to understand the risk if any to Omnicom?
John Wren: Yeah. I’ll let Daryl -- better I’ll let Daryl, who heads the group, answer that first and then I will add my comments.
Daryl Simm: Right. Well, there’s certainly been a lot of coverage on it. But, certainly, from our standpoint, our media agencies in the U.S. don’t seek rebates and the U.S., of course, is not a rebate based marketplace from a negotiation standpoint. So in terms of our media agency clients, in the U.S. they receive all value that gets negotiated on their behalf. Whatever that form is, whether it’s discount, whether it’s other quantitative benefits, whether its qualitative benefits. And they are negotiating in a very competitive marketplace. So our buyers are pushing hard to, frankly, extract maximum value out of those vendors in order to meet our individual client expectation. And of course, all of the clients that we engage with, we have comprehensive contracts that govern not only the services, but we provide them. But they specify performance requirements as well. So that’s kind of cornerstone of trust I think in terms of how we run our business.
John Wren: And I am happy for the question, because there has been a lot of innuendo and comments against the industry, and we know how we operate and have consistently operated. So clearing the air on this is a positive thing. One other thing is, we are fully participating, I think, the ANA after having allowed that presentation to occur and there is now, I think, a working group between the ANA…
Daryl Simm: And the AAAA’s.
John Wren: … and the AAAA’s to, yeah, to go through this…
Daryl Simm: Yeah. To go through the presentation that we have provided at the ANA.
John Wren: It was somewhat odd to me that no specific allegation was came against anybody, even though in that presentation that had redacted contracts and other things. So we are little bit confused. We don’t find it helpful. So as quickly as jointly the ANA and the AAAA’s can get to the conclusion the better off we will all going to be.
John Janedis: Yeah. Thanks, John. Maybe separately, I think, you have been somewhat cautious on the potential for U.S.-based multi-nationals to adjust budgets based on the moves in currency? Is there any evidence of that and do you think that risk has diminish somewhat for the year?
John Wren: There is a sense. I don’t have the proof. But U.S. economy appears to me to be getting stronger and if history guides anything, those budgets will increase as demand increases for and clients are going to support their strongest growth areas. So I’m cautiously optimistic, I am going to, I am just not willing to publicly forecast the year more than what I can see at the moment.
John Janedis: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Craig Huber representing Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Good morning. I’ve a few housekeeping questions. First, programmatic, you touched on this briefly, but in dollars how much programmatic training efforts on that half of your clients help your revenue on year-over-year basis in the quarter, please?
Phil Angelastro: In the first quarter that number was about $40 million of year-over-year growth in the quarter versus the first quarter of last year.
Craig Huber: Okay. Then also for your share buybacks in the quarter just on the same page, what was the gross number of shares you bought back and what was the net number of shares, please?
Phil Angelastro: Just give me a second to get that number. So in the quarter the buyback number was in shares, I think, was 3.4 million shares.
Craig Huber: Do you have that net number?
Phil Angelastro: I don’t have the net number handy but we can get that. We can get that for you.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then also your comments on acquisitions, I think you said that you have a new team that’s looking at acquisitions on the corporate level. Should we -- and further you may start to do some larger acquisitions that just sort of tuck into -- you mentioned midsized. In my mind, you have been more doing tuck-ins over there, over the many years, maybe -- giving a much larger company looking maybe something little bit larger than you historically have done?
John Wren: Really, it all comes down to the opportunity but the areas that we’re focused on are geographic in nature, which means that there are not -- they certainly fit within our historical profile. And different forms of partnerships over the last several years, we’ve formed over 100 plus partnerships with various companies either in technology and some other areas. In very rare instances but a couple we might be interested in becoming partners with some of those folks. But if you’re characterizing what I said and thank you for asking the question, they are going to be -- they are not going to be large. They are going to be closer to our historic pattern than us developing any new pattern. Let me put it that way.
Craig Huber: Okay. My last question please, on the U.K., you obviously had very strong performance of 9.3% of organic growth. Is there anything one time in nature there? I just want to get little -- more clarity why it was so strong there and how do you feel about that market for your operations for the rest of the year? Do you think that’s possible to be up in the high single digits for the rest of the year?
Phil Angelastro: I think our view is especially in the first quarter which is relatively small quarter. You can’t draw too many trends when you start narrowing it down to regions or disciplines et cetera. So the more you narrow that number especially in a quarter, a 90-day period we don’t think it’s going to drive the trend for that particular, in this case, country. Our businesses in the U.K. have been performing very well, very consistently actually over some time. And they have done very well in the market. We expect them to continue to perform well as the year goes on. But I -- I don’t think I’d say we expect based on our internal forecast today that we are going to be in the high single digits to low double digits for the U.K. the rest of the year. Some of that could be a bit of timing in the quarter. Some of it could be just a fact that is first quarter and number is relatively small number compared to the number for the year. So I wouldn’t draw too much of a trend other than the trend that our businesses in the U.K. continue to perform well is one that we expect to continue.
John Wren: I echo exactly what Phil said. I guess, we were aided by the change in management of one or two major subsidiaries and they’ve had -- they've gotten off to a great start. So the market share and not the economy in the U.K.
Craig Huber: Can I just sneak in one more question please? I appreciate your guys’ comments on the upfront market. Talking of linear TV as you call it here for the upfront market, do you guys think it’s possible this year that CPMs for traditional television in the upfront could actually be down this year?
John Wren: Obviously, it’s a supply and demand market place and there are still supply issues in the linear TV market place that keep pressure on price beyond, I think what you might reasonably normally expect, defining your ratings would be less value at lower prices not necessarily the case. I think the major part of that formula is going to be the balance between the long-term and short-term strategies that sellers take in this market place. I would add I think that CPMs of course have one way to look at the market place. I think the general trend here is a longer term trend is more significant and that is that generally speaking, our clients are moving to -- many clients at least are moving to -- looking at business measures. What do the aggregation of the investments that they are making across media types do to move their business with the data capabilities that we have? And they are somewhat less inclined to focus simply on what maybe called process measures, which are the CPMs reaching frequencies, is becoming increasingly an overall ROI discussion with our clients. But specifically to your question on CPM, I think the balance between long-term and short-term strategies from sales standpoint will dictate that. Operator, we are getting closer to the market open. So, I think we have time for one more call. Thanks, Craig.
Operator: All right. Our final question today then will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. I’d sort of pick up on the programmatic question maybe broaden little bit for Daryl and for Phil. So the -- I think the comps got harder for you in the first quarter on programmatic but the number was bigger than at least we expected. Can you assume that’s mostly are all domestic and if I strip that out, it looks like the organic U.S. growth, maybe a little bit, maybe around 3%, maybe a little bit less, which is slower than it’s been for the last three quarters? I don’t know if you’ve looked at it that way. And if you think that’s the right math, I just want to get your commentary on whether that business is bigger than you thought and what the impact is to your overall organic growth? And then I will -- since it’s a last question, I will ask Daryl. One of the things on programmatic we’ve heard is just a lack of premium inventory, generally particularly around video. The TV networks have been very reluctant to move into these platforms and even some of the digital players are nervous about it. Can you just give us an update on whether you are seeing a change there and whether that’s something that you think can make this business grow even faster in 2015?
Daryl Simm: Yeah. Well, I think it can certainly help the business grow faster. But if we look at the programmatic business today, there is no question that the great majority of it, as it exists today is display-based business. But the client requirements that we are seeing from the plans that we put together show a great demand for programmatic videos. So it did cross my mind that the demand is there and where there is demand, generally speaking, we will see supply respond to that. But the availability of -- I would say premium video is not simply a programmatic. A question it goes beyond that, as our clients looked at it, both programmatically and as alternatives in the upfront marketplace because content and context are so important to the kind of clients that we have. So if there is the -- whether it’s the content has the right affinity or whether it’s simply just wholesome enough for their brand is key and access to that kind of bringing video is key to growth. There is no question of the demand therefore.
Ben Swinburne: Yeah. Thank you.
Bob Livingston: On the specifics to your question, Ben, so the programmatic growth was not just U.S. only. That’s pretty much went many markets throughout the world now. We started that ramp up back in Q4 of ’13. The growth in the quarter itself relative to Q1 of ’14, we thought was pretty good. Again, we are not really drawn too many trends on one particular quarter as it relates to the rest of the year. I don’t think the first quarter is going to tell the story for the year. But I’d say the programmatic business in Q1 of ’14 was probably still continuing to ramp up and the performance this year in the first quarter was good. But I don’t think we’ve drawn any trends at that level of growth that, that number is necessarily going to continue throughout the rest of the year.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
John Wren: Okay. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thanks for joining the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shub Mukherjee - Vice President, Investor Relations John Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer Phil Angelastro - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo securities Tim Nollen - Macquarie Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Julien Roch - Barclays Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley James Dix - Wedbush Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to now introduce you to your host for today’s conference call, Vice President of Investor Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we have posted on our website at www.omnicomgroup.com website, both our press release and the presentation covering the information that we will be reviewing this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our Investor Presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We are going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will review our financial results. And then we will open up the line to your questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Shub. Thank you for joining us. Good morning. I am pleased to speak to you about our fourth quarter and the full year 2014 business results. As you have seen in our press release, Omnicom had a solid fourth quarter with organic growth of 5.9% giving us strong finish to the year. Before I discuss our results in detail, I want to reflect upon a number of factors that impact Omnicom, our clients and their consumers in countries where they operate. First, from a macroeconomic perspective, recent declines in oil and commodity prices are helping the consumer and many industries and countries. At this point, the U.S. economy looks to be the biggest beneficiary of these changes with the decline in oil prices likely being additive to U.S. GDP in 2015. When you move from the U.S. to the global economy, we are seeing a divergence for the first time in central bank policies and actions. Central banks from Australia to Europe, Canada have been lowering borrowing cost to try to kick start growth in their economy. As a result, their currencies have declined versus the U.S. dollar. At Omnicom, a little over 46% of our revenues are generated outside the United States. The significant change in exchange rates resulted in a 3.1% reduction in our revenue in the fourth quarter and will impact our reported results in 2015. At the same time, it’s important to point out that most of our non-U.S. operations are naturally hedged as both revenue and expenses are in the same currency. Both Phil and I will discuss the impact of foreign currency fluctuations in more detail later in the call. From an industry perspective, we are undergoing a major transformation as new digital tools and platforms emerge with media and technology evolving at an astonishing pace. In 2014, digital ad spend worldwide exceeded $137 billion, a 15% increase. We expect that shift to digital will only accelerate over the next 5 years. There are also changes at Omnicom in 2014. In May, we made a mutual decision with Publicis to terminate our proposed merger, which had been announced in July 2013. And later in the third quarter, we made leadership changes in top positions at Omnicom corporate and the TBWA network. Given these macro industry and company events, I am delighted with the results we report this morning. Our performance in this environment says a lot about the strength of our culture, the quality of our people and the depth of our leadership and governance. Let me now turn to our revenue performance by region. In the fourth quarter, North America grew 8.3% driven by the continued strong performance of our media business as well as solid results from public relations and our specialty healthcare business. In the UK, our agencies continued to perform very well with revenue up 6.2% in the quarter. On the continent, overall growth was 1.2%. More specifically, the euro currency markets were flat. Germany was positive, while France and the Netherlands continued to drag on the region. We are hopeful that the latest central bank actions combined with structural reforms will lead to stability and ultimately economic growth. Growth in the rest of the region was relatively strong led by Sweden and Turkey and Russia was up despite economic turbulence. Latin America was down slightly in the quarter due to the loss of government accounts in Chile in mid 2014. Asia’s growth was up 3.2%, with key contributors this quarter being India and Singapore. We also had strong growth throughout the Middle East. As promised, our margins for the quarter were on plan. This result was achieved despite negative margin pressures due to the currency declines I discussed earlier. For the full year 2014, Omnicom’s worldwide organic growth was 5.7%. Our total revenue increased to $15.3 billion and our earnings per share was $4.23, a 10.2% increase from 2013 after excluding related costs to the proposed Omnicom Publicis merger. Turning to our cash flow and return on capital, in 2014, we generated just shy of $1.6 billion in free cash flow, an increase of $125 million year-over-year. We returned approximately $1.5 billion of cash to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. As you may recall, post the termination of the proposed Publicis Omnicom merger, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 25% to $0.50 per share and we resumed our share repurchase program. Looking forward, our practice for use of cash, dividend, acquisitions and share repurchases remains unchanged as does our commitment to the strong balance sheet and then maintaining our credit rating. As we move into 2015, given the current environment we remain focused on the things we can control. Our management teams are dedicated to servicing their client needs, attracting and retaining the best talent, while at the same time being laser focused on managing costs. I want to thank our people, our clients and all of our stakeholders for their contributions to our fourth quarter and for the full year results for 2014. Our strong and consistent performance, are a testament to the fact that Omnicom’s long-term strategies are working. As I have said before we are attracting, retaining and developing top talent, expanding our capabilities in both new markets and new service areas, building our digital data and analytical capabilities by investing in our agencies and partnering with innovative technology companies and delivering big ideas based upon meaningful consumer insights across all of the channels that we operate. Our ability to stay on top or ahead of the change simply puts we have the best talent in the business which is why we win more than our fair share of the industry’s recognition awards and business. Last quarter Omnicom agencies continued their tradition of being most creatively awarded company in the world. Let me just mention a few of the highlights. BBDO was named most awarded agency network in the world in 2014 by the Gunn Report for the ninth consecutive year. DDB was the second most awarded network. OMD was named global media agency of the year by Adweek. Advertising Age honored Adam&Eve DDB as international agency of the year. And Alma DDB won multicultural agency of the year. At the Campaign Asia-Pacific Agency of the year award, TBWA and DDB won creative agencies for the year in Japan, Korea, Malaysia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia, Philippines and Indonesia. And there were many others. I want to congratulate all of our people and agencies for their outstanding performance and creativity in 2014. As I mentioned earlier and as you all know, our industry is becoming increasingly complex and our clients are looking to us for ways to navigate this rapidly changing landscape. At Omnicom we are continually expanding our capabilities to meet our clients’ needs. Technology is providing tools and we are providing the brain to deliver actionable consumer insights, develop better ways to target consumers and then reaching them across many different disciplines in media to give Omnicom clients the best possible solution. Our internal investments in people, our technology partnerships and our acquisitions have allowed us to expand our company and participate in these rapidly growing areas. 2014 more than any year I can remember was the year that we truly saw the convergence of technology creativity and media changed the way our agencies operate. Several events come to mind, as part of our partnership deals with tech companies our creative talent is working side by side with engineers from Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter and others. And the net result is increasing innovative solutions to our clients. As an example Lowe’s, which was among the first to use Vines as a marketing tool with its award-winning Fix in Six campaign launched it’s Next Generation of Vines, using Tap Thru and HyperMade. These are new, innovative technologies that deliver unique and differentiated content to consumers. The campaign for Lowe’s is a fully integrated effort together our agencies and tech partners did everything from creative and targeting the media placement and analytics. We are seeing this trend to play out as we broaden our reach and functionality of Annalect Data Management Platform, an investment we began in 2013. As an example data analysts from Annalect are part of the creative and digital teams servicing multiple clients. These teams are leveraging data and analytics to help inform planning and creative to deliver relevant content to optimize campaign with the real-time insights. The result is much greater precision delivering the right message to the right audience at the right time and on the right device. Finally, our acquisitions are also supplementing our expansion into rapidly growing areas. Earlier this month, we acquired TLGG, a strategic consulting and digital agency in Germany. Late in 2014, we have purchased Washington-based DDC Advocacy, an innovative CRM agency for clients in the Public Affairs space. And Omnicom’s DAS took full ownership of Critical Mass, a leading global digital shop. In 2015, we continue to focus our acquisition efforts in key markets and areas of growth, including media, data and analytics, CRM, production and healthcare. Looking back on a year of unprecedented changes, Omnicom continues to be an industry leader embracing new technologies, delivering outstanding creativity for our clients and their brands and generating an exceptional total return to shareholders. I want to recognize a more than 70,000 people for bringing their A games to our clients everyday. I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the numbers.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you, John and good morning. As John said, our operating companies have continued to perform very well delivering against their operating and strategic objectives and maintaining their focus on meeting the needs of their clients. As a result of the excellent performance of our agencies, revenue for the quarter came in at just about $4.2 billion, up 3.4%. The year-over-year increase was driven by continued strong organic growth of 5.9%, this despite a considerable FX headwind this quarter of 3.1%. FX was negative this quarter across virtually every currency we operate in. I will discuss our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes. Turning to the figures below revenue, a quick reminder, as you know, we terminated the merger this past May. During the fourth quarter of ‘13, we incurred $13.3 million of merger-related costs. These costs are included in our GAAP results for 2013. In discussing our performance for the quarter, my comments will compare the current quarter to last year’s Q4 results excluding the impact of the merger-related expenses. You can find this non-GAAP presentation in the supplemental financial information section on Slides 19 through 24. Turning to Slide 19, our EBITDA for the quarter increased to $609 million from $589 million, an increase of 3.5% compared to Q4 last year. The resulting EBITDA margin for the quarter was 14.5% unchanged versus Q4 last year. As said previously, the sharp decline in value relative to the U.S. dollar of virtually all currencies we operated in negatively impacted our revenues across all of our international operations, because the vast majority of our expenses are denominated in same local currencies as our revenues, the negative impact of FX on our margins in the quarter was manageable. Despite this FX headwind, we continue to see a positive impact from our efforts to drive efficiencies throughout our organization and our agency and to control our cost. Operating income or EBIT performed similarly to EBITDA increasing $15 million or 2.6% to $579 million. And our operating margin of 13.8% was down slightly versus Q4 2013 due to the increase in amortization on our intangible assets. Now, turning to the items below operating income, net interest expense for the quarter is $30 million, down $1.4 million from the third quarter and down $9.8 million year-over-year. As compared to Q3 while we incurred additional interest expense related to the $750 million of 10-year senior notes that we issued early in the fourth quarter, the increase was effectively offset by the impact of the fixed to floating interest rate swaps we entered into late in the third quarter related to our 2020 senior notes. Net interest expense was also reduced by additional interest income earned by our international treasury centers as a result of higher than average cash balances in Q4 as compared to Q3. Versus last year, net interest expense was down $9.8 million in the quarter. This was primarily due to the positive impact of the interest rate swaps we entered into over the past year in mid Q2 and late Q3, net of the additional interest expense related to the new issuance of senior notes in Q4 of 2014 plus benefits from our cash management efforts in the form of increased interest income earned by our international treasury centers. Our quarterly tax rate of 33.2% is in line with our normal expectations. Earnings from our affiliates were up slightly in the quarter to $5.7 million and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries increased $3.4 million to $43.4 million as a result of improved performance at several of our existing subsidiaries that have local minority owners as well as at several of our new acquisitions. As a result, net income was $329.5 million, that’s an increase of $15.7 million or 5% versus Q4 last year and an increase of 9.7% compared to the 2013 reported amount. Now, turning to Page 21, the remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter after the allocation of $5.6 million of net income to participating securities, which for us or the unvested restricted shares held by our employees, was $323.9 million, an increase of 5.7% versus Q4 last year. You can also see our diluted share count for the quarter was $249.9 million, which is down 4.1% versus last year as a result of the resumption of our share buyback program during the second quarter of 2014. Given our overall strong performance in the quarter, diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.30, an increase of $0.12 or 10.2% versus Q4 2013 or up $0.17 and 15% compared to the 2013 reported amount. On Slides 22 through 24, we provide the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the full year. To save some time, I will just give you a few highlights. Full year revenue was up 5% driven predominantly by organic growth of 5.7% with FX going from positive for the first nine months of the year to slightly negative for the year and net acquisitions turning from negative for the first nine months of the year to slightly positive for the year. EBITDA increased 4.3% to $2.05 billion, while our full year EBITDA margin was 13.4%, down about 10 basis points versus last year. As a reminder, the 2014 EBITDA amount include $8.8 million from merger-related costs incurred earlier in the year. Our effective tax rate for the year was 32.8% slightly below our operating rate of 33.2%, reflecting the impact of the tax benefit we recognized upon termination of the merger in the second quarter. The benefit related to merger expenses recognized in 2013 which are required to be capitalized for tax purposes at that time. Net income for the year was $1.1 billion, up 7.6% over 2013 and our full year diluted EPS was $4.24 per share, up $0.40 versus 2013 non-GAAP amount of $3.84 and up $0.53 versus our reported 2013 amount of $3.71. Excluding the impact of merger expenses and the related tax benefits from both years, full year diluted EPS for 2014 was $4.23 per share, up 10.2% versus 2013 diluted EPS of $3.84. Turning back to Slide 7, we shift the discussion to our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter, the U.S. dollar strengthened against every one of our major currencies, most notably the euro as well as the Australian and Canadian dollars, the real, the ruble and the yen. This decreased our revenue for the quarter by $129 million or 3.1%. Looking ahead, considering the recent steep decline in the value of all major currencies against the dollar in a relative short period of time, these FX rates for 2015 stay where they are. FX could have a negative impact on our revenues approximately 5.5% during the first quarter of 2015 and approximately 5% for the year. Given it is only early February, it’s hard to predict what will happen to FX rate for the balance of the year. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $26 million driven by our recent acquisitions in Brazil, Chile, Germany, Turkey, and the UK as well as here in the U.S. With the transactions that we have completed through December 31, we expect acquisitions net of dispositions to add about 50 basis points to 60 basis points to revenue in the first quarter and the year. And finally, organic growth was positive $240 million or 5.9% for the quarter. It was another strong quarter with positive organic growth across all of our markets, with the exception being France, Italy, the Netherlands, Japan and South Korea and the smaller markets of Latin America. The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included the continued excellent performance across our media businesses driven by the continuing expansion of our media offerings and new business wins, continuing strength domestically and in the UK with the PR and specialty businesses turning in solid performances this quarter. In addition to the strong performance in the U.S. and the UK, our agencies in the emerging markets continue to perform very well. This quarter we had excellent performances in India, Mexico and the UAE. In the euro markets, overall organic growth was basically flat. Germany and Spain were again positive as they have been for several quarters, while the French and Dutch markets are still struggling. And we continue to see generally good performance across our businesses in our other markets, including Brazil, China, India and our non-euro markets in Europe, although the rate of growth continues to be somewhat uneven market by market. Slide 8 covers our full year revenue performance, which is basically in line with this quarter’s results, except for FX, which was slightly positive for the first nine months before turning slightly negative for the year. On Slides 9 and 10 we present our regional mix of business. During the quarter, the split was 57% for North America, 10% for the UK, 18% for the rest of Europe, 10% for Asia-Pacific, 3% for Latin America and 2% for Africa and the Middle East. Turning to the details on Slide 10, in North America, we had organic revenue growth of 8.3% again primarily driven this quarter by the performance of our media businesses, healthcare and PR businesses. The UK once again had a very strong quarter and has been consistently positive organically for the last two years. The rest of Europe was up 1.2% led by a solid performance in Germany, continuing strong performance in Spain and our other non-euro markets in Europe. On the downside, France and Netherlands continue to struggle. Asia-Pacific was up 3.2%. We had strong performances across the region with India and Singapore leading the way with double-digit growth. China also had a solid quarter, especially in light of a difficult comp versus Q4 of 2013 while Japan and South Korea also facing difficult comps versus Q4 of 2013 experienced softness in the quarter. Latin America overall was down slightly. The positive performance in Brazil also facing a difficult comp versus Q4 of last year and Mexico was offset by weakness and Chile related to the loss of the significant decline in that market, which will continue to cycle into the first half of next year. In Africa and the Middle East regions, although off a small base was up 14% led by a very strong quarter from our businesses in the UAE. Slide 11 shows our mix of business for the quarter, which again was split about evenly between advertising and marketing services. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising was up 8.5% primarily driven by the excellent performance of our media businesses and marketing services overall was up 3.4%. Within marketing services, CRM coming off a robust performance in Q4 of 2013 was up 1%. The performance was mixed by business and discipline in Q4. Our events in fuel marketing businesses had a challenging quarter, while the direct marketing sales promotion and research businesses had strong performances with trends across several markets. Public relations, was up 8.5% relative to a challenging Q4 2013 and reflecting strength in the U.S. and the UK in 2014. Specialty communications was up about 9.4% on the strength of our healthcare businesses in the U.S. and the UK partially offset by some weakness in Japan. On Slide 12, we present our mix of business by industry sector, keeping in mind these year-to-date figures, total growth, not just organic growth. As you can see, we are up in almost all categories. The larger changes were in our telecom and other industries group. Telecom continues to be impacted by the loss of Blackberry and within other, we benefited from new business wins and project spending from our services clients. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 13, in 2014, we generated $1.58 billion of free cash flow, including changes in working capital, an increase of 8.6% versus 2013. As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 14, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $468 million, up significantly from last year. As a reminder in 2013, we only made three dividend payments, because we paid our normal Q1 dividend in the fourth quarter of 2012. Additionally, we increased our quarterly dividend earlier this year. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders totaled $111 million. Capital expenditures were $213 million, which was in line with our expectations for the year. Acquisitions including earn-out payments net of proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $207 million and stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $994 million. Since we restarted our share repurchase program in mid-May post the termination of the merger, we have purchased about 14.3 million shares net. As a result, we outspent our free cash flow by about $410 million for the year. Turning to Slide 15 focusing first on our capital structure, as you maybe aware, we issued $750 million in 10-year senior notes, a 3.65% during the fourth quarter. As a result, our total debt increased to $4.6 billion as of December 31 and our leverage approximates our historic norms. And our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.2 million. The increase in our net debt of $869 million over the past year was driven primarily by the use of cash in excess of our free cash flow as we just discussed as well as the negative impact of FX translations on our cash balance at December 31, 2014 of approximately $275 million. In spite of the increase in our debt, our ratios remain very strong. Our total debt to EBITDA was two times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was one time. And due to both the decrease in our interest expense and the increase in EBITDA, our interest coverage ratio improved to 12.6 times. Turning to Slide 16, we continue to successfully build the company through a combination of prudently priced acquisitions and well-focused internal development initiatives. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital increased 20.3% and return on equity increased 34.3%. And finally on Slide 17, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders since 2004. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from fiscal 2004 through 2014, which totaled $10 billion. And the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases to some of which during the same period totaled $10.8 billion for cumulative payout ratio of 108%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we have included number of other supplemental slides on the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani representing JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. My first question is just on the strong growth you saw the organic growth picks in the U.S. in the quarter, is there anyway you can give us the sense about how much contributions the programmatic was to that growth in the quarter. And then I have a follow-up question really about the FX headwinds you are going to be seeing in 2000 – or continue to be seeing in 2015, do you think it’s possible to still maintain your margins in ‘15 with that headwind maybe from the natural leverage you get from the healthy organic growth you are seeing? Thanks.
John Wren: Good morning, we were cycling on our programmatic business during the fourth quarter. And I believe the contribution to the gross in the quarter was about $20 million. Your second question on FX, at this point we are hoping that FX moderates as we go through the year. And looking at the first quarter and we have looked at in detail we believe we can maintain the margins in the first quarter. As Phil was speaking, I am looking at the news of a little bit and seeing Egypt came out this morning, every central bank seems to do something new everyday. So I can give you the assurance through the first quarter.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the client loss in Latin America, I think you mentioned which created difficult performance in that quarter, do you know if that was the one-time sort of project or is that something that will be a headwind for the whole year?
John Wren: That was a project – that was the client in Chile. We expect in the first half of ’15, that’s going to have a bit of a headwind as we cycle on it. It started kind of the end of the second quarter of ’14, so there will be a little bit of negative impact in showing that beginning in next year.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Bank: Hey, thanks very much. Actually a little bit of a follow-up to the first question on the margin target, I guess which realizing the difficulty of reading the tea leaves in a macro landscape that’s hugely volatile and central banks doing all kinds of conflicting things, but can you give us a broad sense of what the organic top line range needs to be in order for you to maintain your current level of margins?
John Wren: I will let Phil take a shot of this and then I will add.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I mean I am not sure that we – I am not sure we look at it that way, but certainly the key to a lot of our businesses is being able to manage utilization rate. And the more growth we have the easier it is to manage those utilization rates, the easier it is to maintain and/or grow your margins. What we strive to do that regardless of what the growth rates are across all of our businesses. So FX has certainly posed a bit of a challenge for us from the margin perspective which is why I think we are not projecting and predicting and committing to what our margin is going to be for the full year ’15. But we always strive to find the right balance, we are always looking for efficiencies and trying to make our businesses more effective in the way they manage their cost structure. We had a number of initiatives that have been going on for sometime in the areas of real estate, IT and some others that we certainly continue to see the benefit of. And we are expecting if we need to push those initiatives in ’15, so that they can help us to offset whatever challenges the FX does present. And as we have said earlier, the businesses themselves are largely hedged naturally in terms of the local currency of the expenses is the same as the local currency of the revenues. So, that’s helpful, but it’s still certainly a challenge and we are going to continue to work through it everyday.
David Bank: Okay. John, you said you had a follow-up?
John Wren: As soon as I said I have listened to Phil and he added all.
David Bank: Thanks. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. John, want to ask you about the media business separate from the programmatic stuff, media has been called out by you guys and your leading competitors as a significant contributor and outperform our – I don’t know maybe for the last four to six quarters, wondering if you could give a little perspective on what you think the drivers of this outperformance is? Is it the complexity of the landscape? We hear a lot about pricing pressure in media pitches, but it just doesn’t seem to be the case. So, any perspective here would be great? Thanks very much.
John Wren: Certainly. I do think the complexity of the marketplace has caused people to pay more attention to media and in the thinking about media, God knows how many places you can place your messaging today, but focusing and getting that right is becoming increasingly important. So, the analysts, the people that we employ, the digital channels or channels that we select through the client to place that media is a critical attention in this environment. And we won I believe more than our fair share of media accounts being planning assignments or buying assignments over the last several years and it’s being reflected in the numbers now. If you saw the trade magazines yesterday, OMD was named agency of the year. So, we are getting the recognition not only in the business that we get, but also from peer groups and industry groups.
Peter Stabler: I know, it’s tough for you to forecast, but as you look at ‘15, do you think media could be an out-performer for this year as well?
John Wren: I do.
Peter Stabler: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Nollen representing Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen: Hi, thank you very much. I wonder if you could give a comment please at this stage beginning of the year of what client, how client budgets feel if I could put it that way. It seems like your organic performance has been very strong despite what is felt like some crimping of budget. I wonder if you would comment a bit on if there is any expansion of budget opportunities this year in general or maybe if you are seeing some pent-up demand or do you still feel like advertisers are just kind of holding back? And if you have any specific sector commentary that will be great considering especially the consumer packaged goods sector? Thanks.
John Wren: In general, what we have seen to-date in process is the budgets are similar to the budget for ‘14 with growth in few categories more so than others. I think the other dynamic that’s occurring is as channels are developed and utilize them and you measure a better ROI on them, you will see a shift in the dollars, which for some it will look like growth, because it will be and for others as that money shifted from different channels in media, it will seem like there is the lack of growth. So, overall though, I think budgets are growing consistent with GDP growth in most markets.
Tim Nollen: Any specific sector commentary?
John Wren: I suspect that German Cargill is going to have a brand time in 2015 because of the currency slinks. There are different sectors, different dynamics which drove those sectors.
Tim Nollen: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: And we have a question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes, good morning. I have got a few questions. Your comment about the currency impact on the margin in the quarter, I think you said was a slight, should we assume that’s zero to 7 basis points year-over-year, it’s my first question?
John Wren: I didn’t understand the question.
Craig Huber: What was the impact, please on currency on margins year-over-year in the quarter, can you quantify that number?
John Wren: In Q4, I would say that there was an impact, but it was relatively small less than 10 basis points in the quarter.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then typically each quarter you guys shoot to have net new business wins of $1 billion and a little bit higher, what was that in the fourth quarter, please?
John Wren: That was about $1.25 billion for the quarter.
Craig Huber: Okay. Phil on the debt side, how much room do you think you have to add more debt potentially to buyback more stock or small acquisitions and not impact your credit rating?
Phil Angelastro: I think we don’t exactly look at it that way in terms of how much more leverage we could or we would like to add. I think the goal here and the approach has always been to maintain our rating, which I guess you commented on there. But I think we are going to look at our free cash flow in ‘15 the same way we always have. And I think I am calling it up what we do with our cash. We are going to continue to pay healthy dividend. We will do acquisitions opportunistically as the opportunities arise. And we would certainly like to do more of those in ’15, there maybe some opportunities given some of the weaknesses in currencies, perhaps. But we don’t have a fixed number going into ‘15 that we plan on expending on acquisitions or plan on spending on share buybacks, but certainly it will be a healthy component of how we use our cash.
Craig Huber: And then lastly John, if I could ask as you think about this year in terms of organic revenue growth for 2015, if I recall correctly, I think a year ago you guys thought organic revenue for 2014 would be up 4% to 4.5%, is your feeling somewhat similar as you are heading into 2015?
John Wren: I am actually a little bit more cautious than that. At this point, I see it is more around 3.5%. And then we will see as markets and the business develop. That – I mean the way to read that prediction is, I am cautiously optimistic. And we will do our best to beat it, but that’s as much as I will be willing to commit over phone in February.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Julien Roch representing Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julien Roch: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. The question on use of cash, I know you have just said that you didn’t have a fixed number in mind in terms of buyback and M&A for 2015, but it would be a healthy proportion of the cash, but I guess if we start with your current net debt-to-EBITDA, maybe you have an indication of where you would like to be at the end of the year, in that way we can make our own assumption between dividend, buyback and M&A, but having a – maybe an indication of the overall envelop for 2015 would be useful, that’s my first question. The second one is on programmatic, you said that the impact was about $20 million in Q4, could we have the same number for the full year, please? These are my two questions.
Phil Angelastro: On the first one, I think where we are at year end ‘14 in two times range for total debt to EBITDA is probably where you can expect us to be. That’s roughly then where we have been historically, we continue to look to maintain that ratio and I think that would be a good guide. I think the net debt number is a little bit harder to predict given the currency impact on that number. So I think we are going to focus on the later or the gross debt number a little bit more. And in terms of programmatic, I think we may have mentioned it earlier in our responses, but the contribution to growth was about $20 million or so that reflects from the cycling in Q4 on a strong performance in Q4 of ‘13 that we had mentioned, you can recall.
Julien Roch: No, you did mention the $20 million that was for Q4, I was hoping we could get that number for the full year.
Phil Angelastro: While the full year, the business itself for the full year is little less than 2% of our revenues and for the full year I think the number was just give me a minute – okay, the full year, the number was probably around in the $140 million range.
Julien Roch: Okay, thank you very much. Very useful.
Operator: Our next question today is from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Hey, good morning, everyone. Phil, just a quick one for you, you’ve noted in your prepared remarks a little higher international cash balance contributing to investment income, I was just curious are we facing a situation where that balance is growing a little bit faster than you are finding uses of it for considering that’s largely M&A. Do we have a situation where you feel like you are feeling a little constricted in what you can do with that? I am just curious to hear how those dynamics of where the cashes are changing?
Phil Angelastro: No, I think the comment specifically related to higher international cash in Q4 versus Q3 of this year, so that we typically see in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. I think it was part of the explanation of the change in interest from Q3 to Q4. So, we don’t see it growing any different than we have in the past. I think we certainly are focused on bringing as much cash that’s overseas back to the U.S. as we can in a tax efficient way. That’s something we focus on a daily basis frankly, because we would rather have it back to the U.S. to deploy it, but I think given the current FX environment, current economic environment, we think we are likely to see some opportunity in Europe and frankly in some of the other markets outside the U.S. that might be a little more traffic to us from a pricing perspective. And if we do find them in ‘15, we are going to be happy to complete those acquisitions.
Dan Salmon: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ben Swinburne representing Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions. John, just going back to your outlook for ‘15, last year you guys did almost 6% organic, I realized programmatic drove part of that strength, but the underlying business grew quite nicely. Why do you think ‘15 will grow couple of 100 basis points slower? Is programmatic part of that deceleration? It would seem like the macro tailwinds in the U.S. are strong, QE in Europe is potentially going to help. I am just curious to get a little more color there? And then I just wanted to ask you about the Facebook relationship there.
John Wren: Sure. Well, the programmatic, we have cycled on that and we have not gone into the supply side of that. So, I am expecting good growth from it, but not the type of growth we have had as we were starting it up. In terms of the marketplace, we continue to win business, there is no question, thank God we do, but with all the unrest in the world, I am just being optimistic but conservative in observing the obvious that it appears that the entire world’s economy is slowed down a bit. And we can make claims that we are going to outgrow that historically. We have been – historically, we do at least 100 basis points better than GDP growth. But there is a great deal of unrest out there. And so we will alter that estimate as we get more sight on it, as we go through the year, but right now, very comfortable with the 3.5% and I think that’s what we are going to see for – until some of these things start to clear up.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. And just on the Facebook relationship announced with a lot of fanfare back in the fall, can you just update us on client response and sort of how that partnership is progressing from a data perspective? And if I could sneak one more back on programmatic to Phil on, is there is any impact to free cash flow particularly working capital from programmatic, a big year-over-year swing in working cap that impacted free cash flow, just wanted to see if that had to with programmatic?
Phil Angelastro: Programmatic, no, not at all.
Ben Swinburne: Okay.
Phil Angelastro: And our relation with Facebook has been outstanding. They have been – they have given us a great deal of resources associated with the projects we are working on together, and relationship between Omnicom, Annalect and Facebook is very, very strong. We are good partners.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. Thanks.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, one more.
John Wren: I think, given the timing operator of the market open, I think we have time for one more call.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today will come from line of James Dix with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
James Dix: Good morning, guys. Just one follow-up on your growth outlook for 2015, John you mentioned the potential impact in the U.S. from lower energy prices, just curious whether you are seeing any impact on the client budget planning so far or is that just something you expect to see, if those lower oil prices continue. And then secondly just longer-term, John, you also mentioned you expect an accelerating shift to digital. Some of your senior operating management has been public about, trying to get clients to think about moving more of their budgets to video, in particular just curious to what is your view is of the potential impact on television budget since that’s really biggest source of spending for most of your clients globally and how do you think that dynamic plays out of the digital shift? Thank you?
John Wren: The first part of your question, gas prices at this point, we haven’t seen clients come in with new budgets as a result of it. It just seems the current gas prices from where we said is like a tax break for the American consumer. And if history bears out that consumer will be out spending money. Clients will anticipate and react to that as it becomes reality later and I think later throughout ‘15. At least, we are hopeful that that’s going to be the case. And the second part of your question, I am sorry, I didn’t write it down, can you repeat the second part?
James Dix: Sure, just what you think the impactions are in particular for TV budgets given your commentary that you think the shift to digital could be accelerating over the longer term and some public commentary by some of your senior operating management, the clients should be thinking about shifting more of their budget to video in particular?
John Wren: Yes. Our folks too believe that there will be a shift – a greater shifts or continuing shift to digital or really streaming type of activities. The device in which it gets streamed on is not as important to us, so we don’t focus on it. So, there are lot of TV owners that own, media owners that own ultimate channels or own content that would be interested in order to get it to be streamed. So, I am not expert enough to comment in general on the TV business, but I do see anything that can be streamed on whatever device, you have to stream it on that’s where I see the increase coming.
James Dix: Great. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Thank you. Thanks everybody for joining the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Shub Mukherjee – VP John Wren – President and CEO Phil Angelastro – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners David Bank – RBC Capital Markets William Bird – FBR Tim Nollen – Macquarie Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley John Janedis – Jefferies 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Omnicom Group Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. At this time I’d like to now introduce you to the host for today’s conference call Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.
Shub Mukherjee: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2014 earnings call. On the call with me today is John Wren, President and Chief Executive Officer and Phil Angelastro, Chief Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release we posted on the Omnicomgroup.com website, both our press release and the presentation covering the information that we will be reviewing this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that we have included at the end of our Investor Presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results, may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom’s performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation material. We’re going to begin this morning’s call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil Angelastro will reveal our financial performance. And then John and Phil will be happy to take questions.
John Wren: Thank you Sue, good morning. Before I get started, I want you to welcome Phil to the call, as Omnicom’s new Chief Financial Officer. In the last week’s, many of you have had a chance to speak or even meet with Phil. He’s been a key member of our executive management team for over 15 years, and has worked closely with Randy and me on our quarterly calls and our key financial and operational strategies. At Omnicom, we place a considerable emphasis on succession management planning. For several years Phil had been designated as Randy’s successor as CFO. Our board of directors, our senior managing team, and I, are confident this will be a seamless transition for Phil, and I’m pleased to have him by my side. Before getting to the quarter, let me emphasize that Omnicom’s operational and financial strategies remain unchanged. Turning to the quarter, we delivered good results with organic growth up 6.5% over the same quarter last year. Our growth was driven by new business wins in late 2013 and earlier this year, as well as strong performance in some of our core strategic growth areas, which I’ll touch upon in a few minutes. Year-to-date, our organic growth rate is 5.6%, so we are on track to exceed our target for the full year. On the margin front, we had a slight decrease year-over-year of one-tenth of 1%. In absolute dollars, that difference to flat margins was insignificant, less than $4 million, and the result of several factors. Phil will provide more color on the margins, in his remarks. At this point, we remain committed to maintaining flat margins year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Even in the face of ongoing challenges in the macroeconomic environment, and increased volatility in currencies. Turning to our cash flow, we remain committed to our longstanding capital allocation strategy, using our strong cash flow generation to, first, pay dividends. Second, to make acquisitions that are accretive to our shareholders, and lastly, employing the remaining cash to repurchase shares. As you recall, in May we increased our quarterly dividend by 25%. Since 2010, we have increased our quarterly dividend from $0.20 a share to $0.50 a share. On the acquisition front, during the quarter we acquired The Planning Shop International, a research based consultancy focused on the healthcare Industry, and chosen a full service agency with shopper marketing and promotional capabilities in Turkey. And since we resumed our repurchase program in mid-May, we’ve purchased approximately 11.7 million shares, totaling $830 million. Our repurchase program will continue in the fourth quarter and for 2015. We continue to be committed to our key strategic and initiatives, which as you know are, attracting, retaining, and developing top talent. Expanding our global footprint and moving into new service areas, building our digital, data and analytical capabilities by investing in our agencies and partnering with innovative technology companies. And delivering big ideas based upon meaningful consumer insights across all marketing communication channels. Let me now provide some more detail on our revenue. As I said, total organic growth for the quarter was 6.5%, our results were broadly positive across disciplines and geographies with our media business performing very well. About 1.5 % of our total organic growth is due to our programmatic line business, which is included in our media operations. Recently, there’s been a great deal written about programmatic buying, and there is a lot of client and investor interest in this area. To put it in perspective, we expect for the full year 2014, programmatic buying will be less than 2% of Omnicom’s revenue. So while this area is relatively new and presents good opportunity for growth, and we are very comfortable with our position and investments, it is still small today. Looking at revenue by geography, North America’s growth was 8.9%, which was driven by continuing strong performance in brand advertising, and specifically our media business as well in PR. In Europe, organic growth was 2.6%, with broadly positive result across the region. The UK was relatively strong, continental Europe was mixed, with the Euro markets slightly negative overall, and the non-Euro markets performing quite well in the quarter. At this stage, we’re not seeing any significant effect to do the geo-political risk in Eastern Europe, but given the macroeconomic environment, we remain cautious about the region generally. In Asia, growth was 4.4%, China and India experienced double-digit increases, and Australia also performed well. And in Latin America, Brazil had high single-digit growth, although results were way down by individual agency performance in some of the smaller markets in the region. Overall, I’m pleased with the performance of our agencies during the quarter, and through the first nine months of the year. Our management teams continue to be focused on executing for our clients, winning new business, and remaining diligent in controlling their costs. I’d like to now take some time to discuss our data and analytic strategy in more detail. It was a notable quarter for Omnicom, in terms of partnerships with technology companies we signed. We signed a new agreement with both Salesforce and Facebook, these agreements are part of a multiyear effort that began when we founded Annalect, our primary data and analytics product platform, five years ago. Data and the insights we gather from it provides a foundation that can be leveraged by all of our agencies. Annalect is an Omnicom wide platform that is used by our media, advertising, PRM and PR companies. Starting in 2009, Annalect began investing in a data managing platform or DMP, to provide our agencies a common set of products to unify and analyze data. Since that date, we’ve invested tens of millions of dollars in the business, and it now has over 15,000 people around the world. Annalect’s products give us a competitive advantage, both in measurement and in insights, that can be leveraged across all of our businesses. In conjunction with our already existing partnerships, the recent Salesforce and Facebook agreements add more capabilities to our DMP. Saleforce is first priority customer data, will be a particular value to our CRM agencies, as they use Annalect products. The Facebook deal provides first party social media profile data, linked for the first time, to a specific consumer, and across devices. Securing first party data, increases our ability to target consumers, customize content, and measure results. All of which are increasingly important as advertiser ship for mass marketing to mass personal organization. One of the primary businesses leveraging Annalect’s products is our programmatic buying operations. This is a rapidly changing area, and we are also evolving our businesses to ensure that we have the capability to service all of our clients. As you know, Accuen is our largest, display mobile and online video programmatic buying unit. It is a performance-based business, which employs people, data, and technology to deliver precise audiences to advertisers. As a result advertisers who opt in, achieve their desired performance objectives, and greater efficiencies at an all in price, as compared to conventional digital media buyers. We also offer programmatic buying services through our media agencies. Our media agencies use the same underlying technology platforms to offer these services to their clients, although the agency-based operations are a much smaller part of the programmatic revenues. Programmatic is an important offering for our clients and for Omnicom, due to the expected growth in mobile and online video. Forrester Research recently projected that North American display spend was still a relatively small part of the overall ad market, will almost double to $38 billion by 2019, driven by these areas. Since the fourth quarter of 2013, due to improvements in audience, data management right from our DMP and our rapid expansion in international markets, we have been seeing a meaningful increase in demand from our clients for our programmatic buying services. Today we offer these services in more than 30 markets around the world to more than a 1000 advertisers. Overall we are extremely well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity because of our early and ongoing investments while Annalect provides a foundation for data and insights from Omnicom’s agencies it is the talent that these agencies and the collaboration across our companies that allow us to consistently deliver on our strategies. I’ve spoken many times about the growing importance of collaboration and servicing our clients from providing seamless execution of big creative ideas across disciplines and geographies. As one example of this, you may have seen the campaign for SAP, which was launched yesterday. We won the accounts in July with multiple Omnicom agencies working together to create a simple, powerful brand story for SAP. Omnicom agencies also continue their tradition of being the most creatively awarded companies in the world, which is a credit to the challenge that we have in place. Let me just mention a few of the highlights from the Spikes advertising Festival, which is considered the Cannes of Asia. BBDO received the top honor winning network of the year, with DDB placing second. This is the second time in three years that BBDO was named network of the year at Spikes, and Omnicom networks have finished in the top three networks for six consecutive years. PHD won media network of the year, with OMD placing second. DDB’s group in New Zealand was runner up as agency of the year. All total 40 agencies in 12 countries, contributed to Omnicom’s performance at this year’s Spikes. I want to congratulate all of our people and agencies for their award winning work on behalf of our clients in this very important Asia-Pacific region. Our investments in talent, technology and partnerships are making a difference for Omnicom and our agencies, they are critical to our success. We will continue to strategically invest in these growth areas as the marketing environment becomes increasingly complex. Before handing the call over to Phil, I once again want to thank the people of our agencies for the world class integrated campaigns outstanding new business wins, and all the great work that has enabled us to continue to deliver strong results for Omnicom, our clients, and our shareholders.
Phil Angelastro: Thank you John and good morning. As John said, I’ve worked closely with him and Randy and the rest of Omnicom senior management team for a long time. And although this is my first earnings call as CFO, I’ve been a part of more than 60 of these calls in my prior role as Controller. I want to start by thanking Randy for all of his guidance and support over the years. I will certainly benefit from it in my new role, and it had helped to prepare me for the transition. I’ve met many of our stakeholders over the last month. And I look forward to meeting more of you over the next several weeks and months. And now we’ll focus on our results for the quarter. As John said, we are very pleased with the performance of our operating companies. They have continued to deliver against their operating and strategic objectives, while maintaining their focus on meeting the needs of their clients. Their continued excellent performance has also helped make this an easier transition for me. As a result of the excellent performance of our agencies, revenue for the quarter came in at $3.75 billion up 7.4%. Year-over-year increase was driven by continued strong organic growth of 6.5%, with small contributions to our growth in the quarter, also coming from net acquisitions and FX net. We’ll review our revenue growth in further detail in a few minutes. A quick note before we review our operating income and the rest of our results. As a reminder we terminated our proposed merger with Publicis in the second quarter of this year. In the third quarter of ‘13 we incurred $28.1 million of cost related to the transaction. These costs are included in our reported GAAP results for 2013. In reviewing our performance for the quarter, my comments will compare the current quarter to last year’s Q3 results, excluding the impact of the merger related expenses, which you can find in the supplemental non-GAAP information on slides 19 through 25. Our EBITDA for the quarter increased to $461 million from $433 million, an increase of 6.3% compared to Q3 last year. The resulting EBITDA margin for the quarter was 12.3% down about 10 basis points versus Q3 last year. The slight decline can be attributed to FX impacts and business mix. Keep in mind that a 10 basis point decline is less than $4 million. Although FX this quarter had a slightly net positive impact on revenue, the increase was largely driven by the strengthening of the British pound against the dollar, compared to the third quarter of 2013. Almost all other major currencies weakened against the dollar this quarter. And in some of our higher margin markets, mainly Russia and Canada, where FX was negative in the quarter, this also negatively impacted our margins. In addition to the FX impact, our margins were negatively impacted to some extent by our mix of business in the quarter. From the bottom up this quarter, as an offset to the items that negatively impacted our margins, we had solid performance across the portfolio in our efforts to drive efficiencies throughout our organization and our agencies. Operating income or EBIT performed similarly to EBITDA, increasing $26 million or 6.4% to $434 million. And as was the case with our EBITDA margin, our operating margin of 11.6% was down about 10 basis points versus Q3 2013, due to the items I described earlier. Net interest expense for the quarter was $31.4 million down $2.3 million from $33.7 million in the second quarter. The decrease in net interest expense versus Q2 was primarily related to the full quarter impact of the fixed to floating interest rate swaps we entered into during the second quarter of this year, related to our 2022 senior notes, versus the last year net interest expense was down $11.4 million in the quarter due to the positive impact of the interest rate swaps, plus benefits from our cash management efforts in the form of increased interest income earned by our international treasury centers. Our quarterly tax rate of 33.4% is in line with our normal expectations, while we are always looking for ways to improve the efficiency of our tax structure, given where we are currently; we expect our operating tax rate for the year to continue to stay around 33.2%. Earnings from our affiliates increased $1.5 million in the quarter to $5.8 million. And the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries increased to $1.1 million to $29.8 million. As a result net income was $244 million, that’s an increase of $26.1 million or 12% versus Q3 last year and an increase of 24% compared to the 2013 reported amount. Remaining net income available for common shareholders for the quarter, after the allocation of $4.3 million of net income to participating securities was $239.5 million, an increase of 12.8% versus the third quarter last year. You can also see that our diluted share count for the quarter was $252.4 million, which is down 2.9% versus last year as a result for the resumption in the second quarter our share buyback program. Given our overall strong performance in the quarter, diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.95 an increase of $0.13 or 15.9% versus Q3 2013, are up $0.21 and 28.4% compared to the 2013 reported amount. In the presentation we also provided the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the year-to-date period. To save some time, I’ll just give you a few highlights. Revenue was up about 5.7% for the nine month, driven predominantly by organic growth, with FX and net positive, an acquisitions are slight negative as we cycled on the disposition of our recruitment marketing business in Q2. EBITDA increased 4.6% to $1.44 billion, and our EBITDA margin was 13% year-to-date and similar to Q3 it was down about 10 basis points versus the last year. Also included in the current year’s EBITDA amount, there’s a reduction of about $8.8 million from merger related costs incurred earlier in the year. Now, moving back to the topline revenue performance on slide 7. First with regard to FX, Overall it was net positive, it remains very mixed. On a year-over-year basis the US dollar weakened significantly against the UK pound. However, on a year-over-year basis, the US dollar also strengthened against most other currencies, most notably Canada and Russia, as well as Japan. The net results increased our revenue for the quarter by $13 million, or about four-tenths of a percent. Looking ahead, if FX rates stay where they are currently, FX could be a negative to revenue by approximately 220 basis points in Q4, and it could also turn negative for the year by over 50 basis points. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue by $20 million, as mentioned during last quarter’s call; we’ve now cycled through the Q2 2013 sale of our recruitment marketing business. And our recent acquisitions in the UK, Germany, and Brazil are positively impacting revenue. With the transactions that we have completed through September 30th, we currently expect acquisitions net of dispositions to add about 60 basis points to revenue in the fourth quarter, making the full year acquisition impact about flat. Organic growth was positive $226 million or 6.5% this quarter. It was a strong quarter with positive growth across most of our major markets, with the exceptions being Canada, Chile, France, Italy, and the Netherlands. The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included continuing excellent performance across our media businesses, especially in the U.S., this is being driven by both new business wins and the continuing development of new media offerings. Also, in addition to strong performance in the U.S., our agencies in emerging markets continue to perform very well. This quarter we had excellent performance in Brazil, China, India and Mexico, as well as South Africa and the UAE. While businesses in Russia are still performing well, but the rate of growth slowed a little in Q3 relative to prior quarters. And while remaining uneven by individual market, we continue to see generally good performance in our businesses in the non-Euro markets in Europe, including Poland, Turkey and Sweden. And flat to slightly down performance in our businesses in the Euro markets with the larger French market’s still struggling. Slide 8 covers our year-to-date results, which are basically in line with the quarter, although net acquisition disposition revenue was marginally negative year-to-date. Slide 9 shows our mix of business for the quarter, which again is split about evenly between advertising and marketing services. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising was up 12.5% primarily driven as I mentioned by the excellent performance of our worldwide media businesses. And marketing services overall was up 1.1%, within marketing services CRM was up 1%, we experienced mixed results in our businesses in the discipline. Our field marketing and sales promotion businesses had strong performances this quarter, offset by weaker performances in some of our events and branding businesses in Europe. Public relations was up 2.5% reflecting strength in the U.S. and Germany. And specialty communications was down about 10 basis points; however the underlying performance in the quarter remains good, as we were up against difficult comp number from last year on our healthcare businesses, which had year-over-year organic growth nearly 15% in the third quarter of 2013. On slides 10 and 11, we present our regional mix of business, during the quarter the split of 57% for North America, 28% for Europe, 11% for Asia-Pacific with the remainder split between Latin America and Africa and the Middle East. Turning to the details on Slide 11, in North America we had organic growth of 8.9% again primarily driven this quarter by the performance of our media and PR businesses. Our other major regions all continue to have positive organic growth as well. Europe was up 2.2%, led by continuing strong performance in the U.K. and solid performance in our other non-Euro markets in Europe. While France and Netherlands continued to struggle. Asia-Pacific was up 4.4% with strong performances across most of the region with China and India leading the way with double-digit growth. Australia also had a solid quarter and Japan had modest growth. Latin America was up 2.5% led by Brazil and Mexico and offset by weakness in Chile, related to a client specific spending reduction. And Africa and the Middle East was up 18.1% as mentioned earlier, or be it off a relatively low base, led by a very strong quarter from our businesses in South Africa and the UAE. On slide 12 we present our mix of business by industry sector, keeping in mind these are the year-to-date figures, the total growth, not just organic growth. The one item of note to mention, the telecom sector is down primarily from the loss of Blackberry. Turning to our cash flow performance on slide 13, we generated almost $1.125 billion of free cash flow, including changes in working capital during the first nine months for the year. As for our primary uses of cash on slide 14, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $341 million. This was up significantly from the last year. As a reminder, in 2013 we only made three dividend payments because we paid our normal Q1 dividend in the fourth quarter of 2012. Additionally this quarter’s dividend payment reflects the 25% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.50 per share that was approved by our board earlier this year. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders were $83 million, capital expenditures of $138 million was up about $15 million from the same period last year, in line with our expectations. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, net of proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled $155 million. And finally, stock repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled $830 million. As I mentioned earlier, we restarted our share repurchase program in mid-May and so far we have purchased about 11.7 million shares net. As a result, we outspent our free cash flow by about $422 million for the nine months. Turning to Slide 15, focusing first on our capital structure, as you may be aware in June, we called our last convertible notes for redemption at the end of July. As a result of the redemption, our gross debt position decreased by about $240 million to $3.8 billion as of September 30th. And our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.96 billion, up about $440 million. The increase on our net debt over the past year was driven in large part by the use of our cash to increase our share buybacks by $220 million. Also to increase our dividend payments by $70 million, as well as the negative impact of FX translation, which was in excess of a $100 million. Our ratios remain very strong at the end of September, our total debt-to-EBITDA was 1.7 times and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.3 times, due to both a decrease in our interest expense and increase in EBITDA, our interest coverage ratio improved to 12.0 time. I should also mention that during the quarter we amended our bank credit facility. Expanding the term of the facility to July 2019, from 2016, or the size of the facility remains unchanged at $2.5 billion. Turning to slide 16, we continue to successfully build the company for a combination and prudently priced acquisitions, and well-focused internal development initiatives. For the last 12 months, our turn-on invested capital increased to 17.2%, return on equity increased to 33.7%. And finally, on slide 17, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders in 2004. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from fiscal 2004 to September 30th of this year, which totaled $9.7 billion. And the bar show cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividend and net share repurchases, but some of which during the same period, totaled $10.5 billion, our cumulative payout ratio of 108%. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Please note that we’ve included a number of other supplemental slides in the presentation materials to be overviewed, but at this point we’re going to ask operator to open the call for question.
Operator: (Operators Instructions) Our first question today comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan, please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan: Thank you, thanks very much. Can you let us know how much momentum I think you’re in your programmatic buying business, I mean once you start circling the comps I guess, do you think there’s still going to be great growth in that business, are we just sort of, any sort of color in terms of giving us where we are in this cycle. And also on the margin front, do you think it has a negative impact on overall profitability or less than 2% of revenue’s really not making an impact at this point?
John Wren: Good morning Alexia, I think its early days, with respect to programmatic; we’re just developing the skills and refining them. And the technologies come up really on board in the last 12 – 13 months, which enables us to better target our audiences. If what projections we read, and we’re told by our own media people are true, more and more media will be purchased in this fashion as we get into 2015 and into the future. We don’t have, at this point, because it’s so new, because these shifts are happening at such a rapid pace, we don’t have an accurate forecast to give you over the phone, as to how fast this business, which is currently 2% of our businesses is going to grow in the fourth quarter and throughout next year. But we’re very comfortable that it’s going to be at least double-digits. And with respect to margins, I don’t believe you attribute the margin decline of a tenth of a percent, to any one particular item. Phil mentioned a few, and we continue to invest in the very bright people that become available on the marketplace, when they become available on the marketplace. Because we know that they’ll pay huge dividends to our growth in the future.
Phil Angelastro: One thing to add Alexia, we certainly did see an increase in programmatic demand beginning in the fourth quarter of last year, late in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. So we’re certainly aware of them this year, but optimistic about the growth in the future.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan: Again John, just one follow up, you’ve got such a great perspective on sort of the overall advertising market. I guess if you could give us your opinion or some color of how advertisers are seeing overall budgets and spending levels, it sounds from everything you’ve said here, and your great results that clearly – spending seems very healthy. But there’s a bit of nervousness among the investor community, towards the perception on advertisers are kind of abandoning TV and moving to digital. I guess in your opinion, do you think there’s a big, much more notable change this year on that front, or is it more a continuation of a trend we’ve been seeing for a while?
John Wren: I don’t well, First of all, marketing budgets continue to grow, clients though, especially when it comes to TV, there has been, I’d say, a shift there’s like – when you look at traditional areas, like the upfront and the scatter markets, and you went back a couple of years, there was an urgency on the part of appliance to make certain that they didn’t miss out on the programming that they wanted. With all the various choices of how to reach the audiences you need to reach today, and our ability to do it, there wasn’t that urgency going into the first – to the upfront this year. And with respect to the scatter markets, I think you’re seeing money being diverted into other areas. I believe that trend will continue, I don’t think TV’s dead, I just think that there’s going to be a shift. And oddly enough, when you look at it, or when I look at it, as an investor, some of the people from – a great number of the people that own the content that we’re going to want to be able to use to put online, is part owned by, what you would refer to as the traditional media owners. So they may not get the money out of TV, they may get it out of some other source, but I just see the complexity changing some of the rules that were easy to live by in the past.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan: Alright, thank you very much.
Operator: And next we’ll go to the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners, please go ahead.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Yes, good morning, and John if you could just give us your current thoughts I know it’s early here but as you think after 2015 where your, general senses from your clients, what their marketing budgets may look like next year, I have a follow up question too, thank you?
John Wren: Okay, it’s a bit early for me to be giving you forecasts at the moment Craig, our companies, our agencies are in the process of doing that right now. And we’ll be reviewing it with them from; I think it’s probably next Monday, all the way probably through December. My sense is that the United States remains healthy, it’s a good market to be in and I don’t see too much in the way, that’s going to get in the way of slowing down the pace of growth in the States. Once you get outside the United States, there’s a lot of trouble in the world, we don’t have much hope for real economic growth in the Euro for next year. Again, we haven’t seen it reflected in our budgets, but because we haven’t done that budgeting yet, but the Euro is a concern, certainly after – although it’s small offers, it remains a concern. Brazil’s had some difficulties, which I think will continue and may impact just a little bit. So we’re pretty balanced and conservative in anticipation of getting the information, but I don’t know how helpful that is. I feel cautiously optimistic; I guess you’d say, it’s certainly still early for us, but the process at our operations and our agencies has begun. In addition of spending some more time with the agencies on Q4 in the next few weeks, we’ll be spending more time on the ‘15 as we go. One other thing that bodes well for us, and the year’s not over, is we’ve had fewer losses this year, just cycle against next year. So putting currency aside, there’s less headwind as we see the –, but we’re certainly confident that we’re well positioned both in terms of the disciplines we’ve been investing in, in the overall balance in the company.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: And also John, in North America, again revenue growth up 8.9%, it’s obviously quite an acceleration from the first half of this year, the prior three years frankly. What has changed in your mind, in your business, why was up so strong here in North America?
John Wren: As I said, problematic came on board for us, we really – even though we’ve been investing in it, it came on in earnest in the fourth quarter of last year, so there was a contribution from that that. Again at the end of last year, we had fewer losses than in the same period the prior years is cycled through and we’re up against. And we’ve had a pretty good run this year from a new business point of view, and securing client budgets. So I think it’s a cumulative of all that and probably one or two things I’m forgetting to mention, that has contributed to our growth.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: And then finally Phil, if I could just ask you for – the UK, you guys mentioned it was relatively strong I guess, in the quarters. I mean organic revenue in the UK was up say 7% to 9% versus a year ago?
Phil Angelastro: I don’t have the number in front of me at the moment, but it was certainly – give me a second here and we’ll check it, I think that’s probably a good range. Maybe it’s a little on the high side, it’s probably more in the 5 or 6 range this quarter.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital, please go ahead.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Hey, thank you very much guys. So I want to follow up on the first question a little bit, that Alexia asked, which is, I know we’re dealing with lot small numbers today. But at what point does that revenue contribution from programmatic need to be before you indicate that it’s moving the toggle and profitability. So the quarter, would you say 10% of our revenue is now coming from programmatic and that’s moving the toggles. Is there some movement like that? And then the second question is, when you look at the data, programmatic business mix. If you look at that kind of 200 basis point’s contribution, how much of that is coming from owned media and the sense that you’re profiting from your owned media, thanks very much?
John Wren: I’d be happy for it to be 10% of a growing business, I’m certain I don’t have those projections in front of me, my media people aren’t signing up for those kinds of numbers yet. I would imagine it will take that level of contribution before it starts to impact the rest of Omnicom, because the rest of Omnicom is so large. Don’t know if I’m answering your question exactly, but if not –
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: So quite a ways away before it’s a toggle on margin?
John Wren: Yes I think so, in any meaningful fashion, because the company is so large. We run a business on the –
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: I was just – on the owned media contribution?
John Wren: Yeah, I mean if you’re comparing us to say, what Xaxis claims it does, we haven’t gone out yet and looked for non-Omnicom clients, nor gone out and purchased inventory in any meaningful fashion. We’re studying what they’re doing, and when I also listen to them, and I listen as carefully as I can, they claim to have a significant business in Xaxis in Europe, much more significant than ours. I view that as a huge opportunity that we have to sort through and because there’s no reason to believe that we can’t be impact full there as well. Yeah I think we –, it’s early days, so we’ve certainly been exploring a number of different approaches, but we’re only occasional – we’ve only occasionally, opportunistically moved forward on –
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: I’d just like to –. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of William Bird with FBR. Please go ahead.
William Bird – FBR: Thank you. Thanks for the additional detail on margins, Phil, when you referred to the negative impact of mix, what areas specifically are you referring to? And then on programmatic, are the margins for that business any lower than your other businesses?
Phil Angelastro: Can you repeat the second part Bill?
William Bird – FBR: Sure, how does the margin profile look like for programmatic, is it at the average or is it below?
Phil Angelastro: I think we’ve got a limited history with Accuen at this point, it’s relatively new, it’s obviously rapidly growing. We’ve been making some significant investments over the last few years here. We expect it’s going to achieve margin levels over time, similar to the rest of our media business, so we’re taking a longer term view on the business itself. And we’re very excited about the opportunity, but we’re trying to find the right balance for our overall business and for that business in particular. We do have some fulfillment businesses that we’ve talked about in the past, certainly in those businesses that they don’t require a lot of capital, they give great returns. And our primary focus is on EBIT dollars as opposed to the absolute margin percentage. So that’s certainly at any one quarter can have an impact on our mix.
William Bird – FBR: And just separately on programmatic, is there any difference in the way you account for it and recognize revenues versus your other media buying businesses?
John Wren: Well I think we follow GAAP and we’ve always tried to be clear and consistent and straight forward about it, but the vast majority of our media businesses, we act as an agent. So there is a difference in the model versus the Accuen model. And the Accuen model we agree to some specific advertiser performance objective’s up front, we agreed the price. And the price includes the whole package and the cost and execution risk is Accuen, so it’s not an agency model, so there is a difference there.
William Bird – FBR: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nollen – Macquarie: Hi. Thanks, a couple things please if I could just try to characterize your comments on life outside the U.S., is it fair to say that you haven’t necessarily seen any risk or pullback to spending, but you’re certainly vary of issues, not just political issues or health issues in some regions, but just the growth in the Euro zone and in some emerging markets, is that a fair characterization? And secondly I wanted to ask you about your IT and software partnerships, you mentioned Salesforce and you’ve got a couple others. Is there anything you can say in terms of what the scope of work is with these arrangements, help explain what they are, what type of revenue sharing agreements you might have, what the potential for growth from these might be? Thanks.
Phil Angelastro: With respect to your first question, Europe, I think by all accounts, has just introduced their own version of QE. And so we’re not expecting much growth to come out of big countries in Europe as to distinguish it from the rest of the world. In other parts of the world, leaving aside wars and illness, I think what we’ve seen is, they’re still growing and god knows we still have plenty of room to gain market share. But they’re not just; they’re not growing at the same pace of growth that we were experiencing in the past. Your second question, and pardon me for not having been fast enough to write it down, could you repeat it?
Tim Nollen – Macquarie: Sure, it’s about the IT and software partnerships that you’ve had, you mentioned Salesforce.com and you’ve done some others. Just, if you could explain a bit more what those are, what is the scope of work, are these like revenue share agreements, what’s the growth profile of these? Just explain a bit more what those are please.
Phil Angelastro: Sure, the partnerships, and there’s an over a 100 of them, are designed to do different things, and I’m sure that our technology partners won access to our systems. And therefore access to our client spending. From our perspective they offer technology that we are not a technology company but we are a user of technology and we look to partner with to the person at the time or in the period that can help us achieve our goals. Our goals are really to reach the right customer at the right time when they are in the right mood with the correct message. And all these various partnerships in one fashion or another are to refine our data and to back the information that we require in order to accomplish those things. And to your other question there aren’t any specific set of revenue sharing or payment streams these are partnerships which benefit both parties in terms of the task and the scope we’re asking each party to perform.
Phil Angelastro: And just add to that a little bit on the sales front Essentially the partnerships with CRM data sharing initiative that’s going to help us and – create more personalized communications to connect the dots between these marketing sales and customers service information, we think that agreement’s going to be a particular use for our CRM agencies, so it’s really about the data sharing. And on Facebook front, as John said it’s a partnership that’s going to provide our clients ultimately who choose to use – all the benefits of people based marketing. And being able to target and measure based on people in both online and offline measurement world, so it’s really getting access to the technology and the platform but again it isn’t the deal that has commitments on our side.
Tim Nollen – Macquarie: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you good morning and thanks for the color on programmatic which of course I want to ask more questions on. It is a big topic so can you help us think about from an Omnicom perspective, how incremental programmatic is to your business from your clients. I guess what I’m struggling speaking about is if a client spends x amount of dollars on media buying through Omnicom traditionally, either on TV or through direct digital platforms and then shift to buy it through your Accuen platform. Is that generating incremental revenue for you and of it is, is it primarily because the accounting is different, because you’re acting or as principle as you said before programmatic. And if it is the incremental where’s that money coming from, and obviously client I wouldn’t imagine that clients are spending more money in aggregate because of programmatic but maybe that’s incorrect?
John Wren: I would agree, I don’t see more new money coming in to the overall spend I see a shift our objective through all of this is to improve the ROI of the money spent by our clients. And them achieving their objective of reaching customers and, technology allows you to do that when – we have traditional customers that are trading on trading desk that are embedded in our agencies. And there were just in the marketplace bidding against whoever else is out there. We also have an opt-in model where we are in a sense taking the risk of achieving objectives that the client laid out in reaching those audiences. One is more of a known to the client, one is since you don’t know who you’re bidding against at any given time. We don’t quite know what the environment’s going to be, so the accounting is pretty straight forward the accounting is defined by a bunch of people who sit behind GAAP and depending on, I’ve learned years ago simply to accept what they say, not to argue with they say. So I’m not sure if I’ve answered your question but it is an increasing area, where we can be more effective to the client’s dollars.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Okay I think that makes sense. In another words the clients want to pay Omnicom more as a percentage of its overall spending, because the buyer is more valuable from an ROI perspective I think that’s what you’re predicting?
John Wren: Right and we are agnostic player in the marketplace, and as we move forward in some of our predictions come true, there are going to be couple of players, there’s always going to be Google, there’s always going to be Facebook. In all likelihood there always be WPP and then us who have the scaling and the source and we are agnostic we’re not attempting to sale inventory that we only mass. We are simply going after audiences but we know our clients’ needs to reach.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: That was actually where I wanted to go to, it’s just in relationship with Facebook particularly on Atlas because it would seem overtime you’re competing for economics Atlas, from an Accuen perspective both trying to get a fee on mobile spending for advertisers and may be there’s an analogy with Google on double click that you could point as to how that works, well over time?
John Wren: Right now I consider both companies friends and not enemies there isn’t that much conflict between what we are trying to do and what they are trying to do. We are cognizant every day that could change at some point in the future but right now they are big clients of ours and we are big clients of theirs and we ventured into economically sound deals with both.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly we see them as partners and keep in mind no single media vendors sees the whole landscape quite like we do. And as John had said we are neutral third party, so we see search social display video, across all devices and we try to link the customers across all of them which not everybody can do.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thanks for the color.
John Wren: Sure. I think we have time for just one last quick question.
Operator: Okay our final question today will come from line of John Janedis from Jefferies.
John Janedis – Jefferies: Thank you. I’ll make this fast. First just going back fulfillment business Phil have seen any change to the margin profile over the past year or so. Has the growth been similar to the rest of Omnicom and then secondly you talked briefly about Russia, there seems to be maybe some change on the table there that’ll impact advertising. Are you seeing any kind of early signs and further slowing in, can you remind us about its revenue contribution I’m assuming low singles?
Phil Angelastro: Yeah, in terms of size it’s definitely low singles on the low end of the low singles for Russia, back to your margin point. I think the profile hasn’t really changed we approach each of our agencies, each of our core operations and work with them to try and find margin that’s right for them. And again we’re focused on the margin dollars not just a percentage that you can’t really feel and touch. And we think great businesses, great returns and we’re happy to have them. They’ve been performing well on the whole over a period of time that they kind of perform similar to Omnicom overall I think probably little slower rate than we’ve seen in Accuen and the media business lately but we’re happy with their performance.
John Janedis – Jefferies: Thanks. Just a quickly on Russia, anything in terms it’s just the tender of the business I know you mentioned its slowing a little bit but any sense that slow is more so going forward or not yet?
Phil Angelastro: Not yet the business has actually been doing well not just for the external environment in Russia the business has been solid, we haven’t seen any signs yet of that other than a slight slowdown and some excellent performance but it’s still performing really well. No reason to think anything is imminent.
John Janedis – Jefferies: Thank you.
John Wren: Okay. Well thank you everyone for joining the call. And we’ll talk to you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Julien Roch - Barclays William Bird - FBR James Dix - Wedbush Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom second quarter 2014 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I'd like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead, sir.
Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking time to listen to our second quarter 2014 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted on the omnicomgroup.com website, both our press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be reviewing this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure in the presentation material. We're going to begin the call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both of us will be happy to take your questions.
John Wren: Good morning. Thank you for joining today's conference call. As I am sure you've seen, Omnicom had a very strong second quarter with organic growth up 5.8% over the same quarter last year, and we are on track to meet our revenue and margin targets for the full year. Our results this quarter speak for themselves. Our agencies and our people have stayed focused on servicing their clients and building their businesses. At almost 6%, this is the best organic revenue growth rate we've posted since the third quarter of 2011. Since the beginning of the year, we have won approximately $2 billion of new business, including such well-known brands as Johnson & Johnson, CVS, Sony, Heinz, Dixon, and several new assignments in the pharmaceutical sector. During the quarter, we resumed our longstanding policies of returning our free cash flow to shareholders. In May, we increased our dividend by 25% and resumed our share repurchase program. Since mid-May, we've repurchased over $550 million in stock. Examining our performance, I'll point several factors, which contributed to our revenue growth. The biggest driver was our performance in United States, which was extremely strong with organic revenue growth of 8.8%. This growth was fueled by our media operations, including continuing strong results in search, social and programmatic trading. U.K. also continue to perform well, with mid-single digit growth driven by strong performances in media and public relations. In other parts of Europe, Germany was positive for the third straight quarter, while France continue to be negative. And in the larger developing countries, such as Brazil, India and Russia, we experienced strong double-digit growth. Our agencies also performed well in China, with high-single digit growth. Our margins were up nominally due to several factors, which Randy will address in his remarks. But overall, I'm very pleased with our operating and financial performance, as we go into the second half of the year. Let me now provide you an update on the progress we're making against our core strategies to drive growth. These strategies share a goal of helping us meet the rapidly changing needs of our clients, by giving them access to the best people and the latest technologies, where and when they need it. They are the same, as you've heard before. Attracting, retaining and developing top talent; expanding our global footprint and moving into new service areas; building our digital and analytical capabilities, by investing in agencies and partnering with innovative technology companies; and delivering big ideas, based upon meaningful consumer insights across all marketing communication channels. Our progress is really a reflection of the caliber and contributions of the talented people, and that showed itself again this year in Cannes. Omnicom won more Grand Prix and Gold Lions combined than any other holding company. Let me mention just a few of the highlights from this year's festival. Adam&Eve DDB in the U.K. was named Agency of the Year, winning a total of 22 awards, including four Grand Prix Lions. Our media networks, OMD and PHD, dominated the Media Lions Category with 16 Lions. BBDO and DDB were among the top-three networks for the eighth consecutive year. And as a testament to the diversity of our service offerings from our largest creative networks, BBDO, DDB and TBWA, all won Grand Prix awards across multiple categories. I want to congratulate all of our people and agencies for their outstanding work that made Cannes 2014 such an amazing showcase for our industry. The premium on big creative ideas has never been greater, but as I have said before, an idea is brilliant, only if brilliantly executed. As I look at the talent in Omnicom, I want to specifically mention several changes, which have been announced in the past several weeks. Troy Ruhanen has become the President and the CEO of TBWA, succeeding Tom Carroll, who continues to serve as Chairman. This move demonstrates our emphasis on well thought out long-term succession planning. Troy was identified as a potential network leader some time ago, and Tom Carroll and I decided together, that when it came time, Troy would be the right leader for TBWA. His experience in leading Omnicom agencies across geographies, disciplines and categories, makes this a seamless transition that will further enhance TBWA's capabilities and reputation. Troy has been with Omnicom for over 10 years and is now one of five network heads with long tenures. Troy's prior role at the holding company will be assumed by Peter Sherman, who recently rejoined Omnicom from J. Walter Thompson. Peter will be working to ensure we are driving agency collaboration and innovation for our largest clients. And in terms of our ability to attract talents from the outside, last quarter we also filled two very important and strategic positions. Alexei Orlov joined as CEO of RAPP and Emma Sergeant joined as President of DAS Europe, industry veterans with significant agency and client experience. Having experienced network and agency leaders, who know each other well is increasingly important, because collaboration has become the new normal. The lines between disciplines have been blurred. Clients more and more want integrated solutions. Turning now to our progress on expanding our capabilities. We made an important acquisition last quarter, the TBWA Worldwide acquiring Heimat, which is a leading, independent advertising agency in Germany. Heimat will merge with TBWA's existing operations in that market. Also in Europe, RAPP announced its acquisition of Haygarth, a. U.K. based brand and retail agency. This is a smart transaction that will combine Haygarth's expertise in digital shopper marketing with RAPP's globally focused data insight and technology expertise. Yesterday, Omnicom's DAS Group announced the acquisition of an interest in In Press, a leading PR company in Brazil. In Press has been an affiliate of Porter Novelli's network since 1999. As you know, Brazil is a key market for both our clients and our businesses, and formalizing this partnership will provide opportunities for growth in years ahead. In addition to these acquisitions, we continue to make internal investments in our networks, agencies and platforms. On the topic of digital strategies, I will remind you of what I said in our last call, about the way Omnicom breaks down the broad category of digital. First, we've always believed that anything that can be digital, will be, and that means pretty much everything we do. We have long encouraged and helped our agencies to invest in digital skill sets and talent, and they all have. Whether in brand advertising, shopper marketing, PR or any of our disciplines, all of our agencies have developed and hired talent to embed digital capabilities in our core offerings. Second is an area of data and analytics. New platforms that enable market as to identify and reach the right people at the right time in the right place, and even when they are in the right frame of mind. For us that's analytic, with more than 1,200 professionals in 45 markets. Analytic is the resource for all Omnicom companies. Third, is an area of technology-driven marketing, such as e-commerce and m-commerce, where firms like the Lloyd, IBM, Wipro, and agencies like Sapient compete. We have some capabilities in this area and we see it as a potential opportunity for further growth. Looking at analytic, we distinguish its capabilities by forming global relationships with major technology and media companies, rather than making bets on specific platforms. And we continue to be the first movers in employing the latest media, technology, data and e-commerce tools through more than a 100 partnership agreements, where we are levering on behalf of our agencies. Last quarter, Omnicom signed a first of its kind agreement with Twitter. There are at least three important features with this agreement. First, it gives first look to Omnicom's creative teams, a format being developed by Twitter. Second, it provides design and strategic collaborations from Twitter for all of Omnicom's agencies. And finally, it integrates Twitter's recently acquired mobile ad exchange, MoPub with Accuen. I mentioned at the beginning of the call that one of the main drivers of Omnicom's second quarter performance was our media operations, which includes search, social and programmatic trading. For Omnicom, those capabilities are captured within Annalect. Over the last three-and-a-half years Annalect has produced game-changing tools in the area of analytics and built one of the industry's larger data management platforms. They have also assembled a talented team of data scientist from other industry fields. Some of these analysts are now being deployed within our advertising network, so it's BBDO working directly with our account teams and clients. And to further deliver on this front, Annalect recently hired a Chief Analytics Officer, who will expand our data science practice across Omnicom. Before handing the call over to Randy, I'll close it by saying, it was a solid quarter for Omnicom on all fronts. We posted the strongest organic growth we have had in quite a while, and we're on track to meet or 2014 revenue and margin target. Our buybacks have been resumed and we've increased our dividend. I said recently that Omnicom is strong, innovative, energized and ready for the future, and that is certainly the way we feel this morning, based upon our second quarter results. I want to thank all the people at Omnicom; our many stakeholders, who have supported us along the way; and our very, very important and supportive clients. And with that, I'll turn this over to Randy, and then he and I will be available for questions after. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. As John pointed out in his comments, our agencies have done a great job and are on a good track. Over the course of the last year, they've remained laser focused on serving the need to their clients, and they've continued to make excellent progress against both their strategic and operational objectives. And as you can see, they've again delivered excellent financial results. Revenue for the quarter came in at $3.87 billion, up 6.4%. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by very strong organic growth of 5.8%. And for the first time in 10 quarters, FX was positive, at least from a revenue perspective. I'll go into more detail on our revenue growth in a few minutes. Moving down to P&L. First, I want to point out that we've now fully recognized all of the expenses related to the terminated merger. During the quarter, the pre-tax cost, which were predominantly professional fees, totaled $1.8 million. For the six months, the total is about $8.8 million. In addition, for tax purposes, after the termination, we were able to deduct any previously capitalized cost associated with the merger. As a result, this quarter, we realized an $11 million tax benefit. The net EPS benefit this quarter was about $0.03 per share and for the six months it's about $0.01. Because these numbers are not significant and they're behind us, we've eliminated the non-GAAP presentation, we've shown for the past few quarters. Back to the P&L. EBITDA increased 4.7% to $574 million in the quarter and resulting EBITDA margin was 14.8%, down about 25 basis points from last year. The decline in margins was due primarily to three things. First, although FX this quarter was positive for revenue, it had about a 10 basis point negative impact on operating margins. In several of our larger higher-margin markets, primarily Australia, Brazil, Canada and Russia, FX was very negative and negatively impacted our margins. Also in the U.K., where we have much of our European corporate infrastructure, while FX was positive to revenue, it also inflated those corporate costs, again hurting our margins. In addition to FX, our margins were hurt to some extent by our mix of business in the quarter. And finally, as I mentioned earlier, we had approximately $1.8 million of cost related to the merger in the quarter. When we analyzed our businesses unit-by-unit in their local currencies, in aggregate, operating margins showed modest improvement year-on-year. Operating income or EBIT performed similarly. It was up about 4.9% for the quarter to $548 million and our EBIT margin was down by 20 basis points. Turning to Page 2, and looking at the items below operating income. First, net interest expense for the quarter was $33.7 million, down $7 million year-over-year and down $5.3 million from the first quarter. The decrease in net interest expense is primarily related to the benefits we are realizing from the fixed to floating interest rates swaps we entered into, related to our 2022 senior notes, which we executed early in the second quarter. We had gotten to the point, where virtually all of our debt structure was fixed rate. With this change, we're now about 25% floating rate and we are evaluating, moving closer to a 50-50 structure by yearend. Our quarterly reported tax rate of 31.1% reflects the impact of approximately an $11 million tax benefit we recognized in the quarter related to the previously incurred merger expenses, which will require to be capitalized for tax purposes prior to the termination of the merger. Our underlying operating tax rate continues to be about 33.2%. And while we're always looking for ways to improve the efficiency of our tax structure, given where we are currently, we expect our operating tax rate for the year to stay around 33.1% or 33.2%. Earnings from our affiliates increased $1.1 million in the quarter to $4 million and the allocations of earnings to the minority shareholders in our less-than-fully-owned subsidiaries also increased $1.1 million to $33.2 million. As a result, net income increased 12.3% to $325 million. On Slide 3, we show the allocation of net income to participating securities, which are the unvested restricted shares held by our employees. The remaining net income available for common shareholders increased 13.2% for the quarter to $319 million. This chart also shows our diluted share count. As you know, we restarted our share buyback program in mid-May. In the quarter, we bought back about 7.9 million shares net. But since we didn't start buying until midway through the quarter, the share buyback is not yet fully reflected in the weighted average share count. As a result, the share count for the quarter is down only marginally year-over-year. Given our overall strong performance in the quarter and the $0.03 per share benefit I mentioned earlier, EPS increased about 13% to a $1.33. On Slides 4, 5 and 6, we present the P&L information for the six months to date. To save some time, I'll just give a few highlights. On Page 4, revenue was up about 4.8%, driven predominantly by organic growth. EBITA increased about 4% to $981 million and our EBITA margin was 13.3%, down about 10 basis points. Included in EBIT is about $8.8 million of merger related costs, which brought margins down about 10 basis points and FX negatively impacted margins by another 10 basis points. The underlying operating margin year-over-year was actually up about 10 basis points. On Page 5, net interest expense for the six months is down $9 million, primarily due to the interest rate swaps we completed in Q2 as well as good cash performance. The reported tax rate was 32.2% brought down by the $11 million tax benefit I mentioned. And equity and affiliate income was down $1.5 million and the minority interest allocation was up $4 million. This all resulted in net income increasing 7.3% to $531 million. On Page 6, you can see the weighted average share count is flat and EPS increased 8% to $2 per share. On Slide 7, we start reviewing our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX. While, overall it was positive, it was very mixed. On a year-over-year basis, the dollar weakened against both the euro and U.K. pound, however, it strengthened against the currencies in a number of our other significant markets, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, India, Russia and South Africa. The net result increased our revenue for the quarter by $26 million or about seventh-tenth of a percent. Looking ahead, if FX rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to be positive to revenue by about a 125 basis points in Q3 and by about 26 basis points in Q4. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $5 million. Fortunately, we've now cycled through the Q2 2013 sale of a recruitment marketing business. And with the transactions that we've completed through June 30, we currently expect acquisitions net of dispositions to add about 50 basis points to our revenue in both the third and fourth quarters. And most importantly, organic revenue growth was positive $213 million or 5.8% this quarter. It was a strong quarter with positive growth across each of our disciplines and most of our major markets, with the exceptions being France and Canada. The primary drivers of our growth this quarter included excellent performance across our immediate business driven by both new business wins and the continuing development of new media. Also, our agencies in the emerging markets continue to perform very well. This quarter we had excellent performance in Brazil, China, Columbia, India, Malaysia and Russia. And we continue to see very modest recovery in Europe. Slide 8 covers the year-to-date results, which are basically in line with the quarter. Slide 9 shows our mix of business for the quarter, which again was split about evenly between advertising and marketing services. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising was up 10.5% driven as I mentioned by the excellent performance of our media businesses and marketing services was up 1.5%. Within marketing services, CRM was up 1.1%, with mixed results across businesses, mostly driven by individual agency performance. Public relations was up a very solid 4.1%, and specialty communications was up about 20 basis points. However, the underlying performance looks generally good. We're just up against the difficult comp number from last year in our healthcare businesses, which had growth of almost 10%. Flipping to Slides 10 and 11, we present our regional mix of business. During the quarter, the split was 57% for North America, 29% Europe, 10% Asia-Pacific, with the remaining business split between Latin America, and Africa and the Middle East. Turning to the details on Slide 11. In North America, we had organic revenue growth of 7.9%, driven this quarter by the performance of our media and PR businesses. Our other major regions all had positive organic growth as well. Europe was up 2.1%, led by continuing strong performance in the U.K. and Russia. Solid performance in Germany, Ireland, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, and as I mentioned France continued to struggle. Asia-Pac was up 5.1%. We had strong performances across most of the region, with Australia, China, India, Malaysia and South Korea leading the way. Latin America was up 7.8%, again led by strong double-digit performance in both Brazil and Columbia. And Africa and the Middle East was up 2%. On Slide 12, we present our mix of business by industry sector. Keep it in mind, these are year-to-date figures and are total growth, not just organic growth. As you can see, the larger changes year-over-year were in our retail, telecom and other industries group. The retail sector increased on the strength of new business wins over the past few quarters. And within other, we've benefited from both new business wins as well as increased spending from our services, multi-industry conglomerate and government clients. Turning to our cash flow performance on Slide 13. First of all, it was a pretty good quarter. We generated almost $760 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital during the first six months of the year. As for our primary uses of cash, on Slide 14, dividends paid to our common shareholders was $212 million. This was up significantly from last year, when we paid our normal Q1 dividend in the fourth quarter of 2012, and it reflects the recent increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.50 a share. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders increased with performance and FX changes to $66.5 million. Capital expenditures of $92 million was up about $23 million from the same period last year. The increase is a combination of timing differences and a couple of larger office relocations during the period. Acquisitions, including earnout payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled $105 million. And finally, stock repurchases net of the proceeds we received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $554 million. As I mentioned earlier, we restarted our share program in mid-May and have so far purchased about 7.9 million shares net. As a result of all of that, we outspent our free cash flow by about $270 million for the six months. Turning to Slide 15, focusing first on our capital structure. As of June 30, it remains effectively unchanged compared to last year. But as you may be aware, in June, we called our convertible notes for redemption at the end of July. Our net-net position at the end of the quarter was $2.5 billion, an improvement of about $120 million from last year. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio at the end of June stands at 1.9x and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.2x. And due to both, the decrease in our interest expense and the increase in EBITDA, our interest coverage ratio improved to 11.2x. On Slide 16, you can see, we again delivered excellent returns on both total invested capital and common equity. While both return figures were impacted by the suspension of our share repurchase program over the last year, we remained very strong with return on invested capital of 16.9% and return on equity of 31.5%. And finally, on Slide 17, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders since 2004. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from fiscal 2004 through June 30 of this year. That totaled $9.4 billion. And the bar show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and the net share repurchases, the sum of which during that same period totaled $10.1 billion for cumulative payout ratio of just over 107%. And now that concludes our prepared remarks. There are a number of other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review, but at this point we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question today comes from the line of David Bank representing RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: There are two quick ones. First I think in the very beginning of your commentary you had said that you felt like you were on track for your full year revenue growth and margin targets. Could you remind us of what it is you're on track for? And then the second question is, kind of more big picture, as you look across the landscape now, especially having a hard time to contemplate, I think the contrast in business mix with you guys in Publicis, but if you look more broadly to all of your competition, how would you say your business mix differs from other major players in the landscape? And how does that impacts margin performance, both sort of near-term and longer-term.
Randall Weisenburger: I think we started the year telling people that we expected organic growth to be in the 4% to 4.5% range for the full year. We do think it bounced around a little bit. And we said, flat to up 10 basis points in margins, I think right now we certainly think from an operations or efficiency standpoint that our companies are making all the right moves and the underlying operating performance is there. The FX headwind is tougher than we expected starting the year. So if you wait a week, FX will change, which way it changes I am not sure, but if it stays where it's at, flat margins will be probably the better end of what we can achieve given that FX impact. We also had $8.8 million in these numbers of merger expenses, going through that isn't something that we were contemplating, we were saying flat to up 10 basis points of margins, either. Your second question was mix. Every one has got a little bit of, obviously different mix. It's hard to know exactly what the revenues or margins from each of the different businesses people have are. Certainly WPP has a fairly large research business that I don't think any of us has of that type or magnitude. They have a large media business. Publicis has a large media business. We have a large media business, but on a relative scale, that would be a smaller percentage of our business, than say it would be for Publicis, not a 100% sure from a WPP standpoint. We think it would be a bigger percentage. We have I think much larger field marketing and marketing services businesses, things in the area of branding, field marketing, events, promotions, those sorts of things. I'm not sure from an IPG standpoint, the relative size of those businesses and its mix. I know ours is quite a bit larger than Publicis or WPPs. Everyone talks about digital, we tend not to. We don't actually think digital is a so called business. Digital was a medium or a technology that we want every one of our businesses, irrespective of their underlying discipline to be utilized and to figure out how to provide a better service to their clients and to grow their revenues. That that probably covers it, I think.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: And anything about the near-term business mix that would make sort of margin performance different from the peer group or those all sort of more broader, bigger picture, longer-term issues, or you know contrasts?
Randall Weisenburger: Well, business mix can move your margins around a little bit. It affected us a little bit this quarter. It all depends on which business is doing well. I'd say one of the reasons that I have told people that we're focused more on margin dollars than margin percentages, if we have a company that comes in that can win a client, win the next $100 million piece of business, that's going to generate $6 million or $7 million of operating income, if it doesn't require capital, that's something that we wouldn't say, don't do it. We think that would be very positive for shareholders, very positive for our business overall. If we were focused only on margins that would be a piece of business that would be dilutive to our reported margins and the natural outcome of that would be to not pursue that business, even though it's economically very accretive to shareholders. So that's not been our focus. We want each of our businesses to be as efficient as possible, and to grow their businesses economically for all of our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Just a couple of questions. My first question is on the impressive organic revenue growth you guys saw in the quarter. I know you gave a lot of detail what was behind it and I appreciate that. But if you were to pinpoint, I guess, what was the delta this quarter to give it, the best quarter you've seen in several years as you highlighted it, I guess what was different this quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: I'd say a few things and John can comment too, if he wants later. First is less negatives. So most of our businesses did fairly well, so we didn't have a lot of, I'll say headwinds in any one spot. So that's always a plus. Our media businesses did very well. A lot of that is some new business wins that happened last year in the third and the fourth quarter, and some this year in the first quarter. So that rolling through was very helpful. Our Accuen is doing well. That was up I think $30 million or $40 million year-over-year. So that's a business that, it's kind of I'll say, a new-ish business. It's been around I guess for a couple of years, but is starting to have more attraction, as is everyone's, and ours is doing quite well. We think our technology is very good and industry-leading.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Just a follow-up question then on Europe. You've seen some better performance in Continental Europe. Maybe France continues to be real negative, I think its sorts of an industry-wide issue. I guess, how much are you dependent on that stabilizing or can you continue to see better performance or some signs of recovery, further signs of recovery in Europe with the trends still staying weak?
John Wren: This is John, Alexia. I think Europe, we're pleased that it's stable to flat from what we see right now. We're not expecting any grand move from there. There is no one country that's going to lead all to us, one country that's going to lead Europe out of this current malaise that it's in, in reverse, we don't see anything backing up beyond what we've already seen.
Randall Weisenburger: And critical is individual agency performance. Agency even in a difficult market, goes out, wins a few clients, comes up with innovative ideas for their clients, and they're going to be able to drive their topline revenue. So that we can't loose track of that, obviously economic headwinds make it more difficult, but the individual agencies need to perform. And fortunately ours has been doing a pretty good job.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: I have two questions. I guess my first one is that, appreciate the new revenue regional breakdown you guys gave. I was just wondering when will you be making available perhaps back to sort of beginning of last year on quarterly basis of those breakdowns, just so we can all update our models for that? Will there be an 8-K going up soon on that?
Randall Weisenburger: I wasn't planning on it. Let me try to pull the numbers together and see what we can do.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: It would just be very helpful I think for everybody. I've had a number of questions this morning from analyst out there.
Randall Weisenburger: Okay.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And then also just you've mentioned what the net share buyback was in the quarter. Just wondering what was the gross amount of shares that you guys bought back in the quarter, please?
John Wren: 8,031,000, plus I think there was 147,000 shares that we effectively bought, if I am reading this right, for the exercise for -- basically with holding taxes on the exercise of restricted stock. So it's effectively bought in. They weren't open market purchases really.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And then also just talk on the revenue breakdown. You mentioned, U.K. was up I guess mid-single digits organically. What was the euro on the old basis if you have it, the euro-denominated markets, just so we can compare to what people were estimating in the quarter?
John Wren: I don't have it, sorry.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And then lastly, John, if I could ask you, you mentioned a bunch of internal investments that you guys were doing here, which is ongoing theme with Omnicom for many years, obviously. Is there anything you'd want to highlight that you're doing differently here on the internal investments that you can talk with us about, please?
John Wren: Well, we're following very much the patterns and making similar investments as we've made for at least the last eight, 10 quarters. We spend a lot of money on education, development of our people and that spread throughout the globe now in a fairly consistent basis. There is a lot of investing that's going on in Annalect and all the associated digital capabilities that we're increasingly able to do. And I see that is something we will only continue and increase as time goes past, because we're spreading those tools and that capability into the creative departments of our various agencies at this point.
Randall Weisenburger: In another way, worth mention is the eg+ platform.
John Wren: Production and digital.
Randall Weisenburger: That will be -- it is off to a great start. It will be, I predict, a fairly high growth area over the next several years.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Julien Roch representing Barclays.
Julien Roch - Barclays: The first one is on revenue. WPP has moved from reporting all, telling us to focus on revenue to gross margin, because of the proprietary revenue they're taking on with Xaxis. And this morning, Publicis said there was $17 million to $18 million of principle revenue in their numbers. I was wondering whether there is some of that in your revenue, if we could get a number or if it is actually zero. That's my first question. The second question on the very good Q2 organic, I know you said it was due to individual agency performance, to your focus on technology, but Publicis had a pretty dire quarter. And when you look at what Interpublic has reported, what WPP and Accuen are supposed to report, clearly everybody is taking market share from Publicis this quarter. So do you feel there's a bit of your revenue lines coming from that is my second question? And then the third question is on share buyback. Historically, you're doing all of your cash flow in buybacks and dividend. You have other spend last quarter to catch up the pools, due to the merger. So could we get a sense of -- I mean what quarters will you have spend and kind of the run rate of buyback for the coming quarters?
Randall Weisenburger: Let me take a shot at that.
John Wren: Sure. Go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: So first of all, we obviously all report in accordance with GAAP or IFRS. I think they are reasonably consistent on the points. So if we end up taking principal position, basically buy an asset that we're reselling to a client, we'll need to take it on a principle basis. I don't fully understand everyone else's business. I did hear what WPP said. I have not yet heard what Publicis said. The WPP numbers for Xaxis, again, I don't fully understand everything that's there. I think our business that's like that as Accuen, and as I mentioned in my comments, Accuen is doing very well, year-over-year growth was about $40 million for us. How much of that you'd attribute to, in services or just the media cost, because the way it makes its money is it buys media and sells it. So it's obviously, its service intact is embedded in that number, but that year-over-year growth number is about $40 million for us. I am probably skipping questions too, because I don't remember exactly what it was. But I remember the share buyback question. What we told people coming out in I guess mid-May is that we were going to resume our share buyback. We wanted to refocus that our first priority is to pay a solid dividend. We've been increasing our dividend fairly substantially over the last several years, we did it again. We're up to just shy of probably $500 million a year of dividends. We want to make all of the acquisitions that we can that are accretive for our shareholders that are on strategy for Omnicom to build our business for the long-term. And then the balance, we're going to balance out our capital structure with share buybacks. We had accumulated quite a bit of cash during the period that we were not buying in stock. So we estimated that we buy about 1.25 billion of shares by the end of the first quarter of 2015. So we have made a lot of progress towards that this quarter with $550 million or so. We didn't say, the specific timing of how fast we would do that, we'll obviously keep track of it and stay focused on our overall business.
John Wren: Second question had to do specifically with Publicis. And plus we've won a lot of business this past quarter, I don't believe Publicis is where we have gotten it from. I think our wins really have come from Interpublic and from WPP and that's where the growth and expansion has come out of. Some of it hasn't been announced yet either. It will get announced shortly, but that's principally where it's been.
Julien Roch - Barclays: Again, just if you can refer upon Accuen, and thank you very much for giving the $40 million figure. But you had said everybody is doing it differently. And you said, you don't fully understand what exactly it's been doing. So on this business, the $40 million of revenue is something you take and then you buy and sell to clients. So I assume that you make no margin on that $40 million, or you just make the normal margin on what would have been the all commission, so say, 5% of $40 million and then a $0.15 margin on that. So is that correct?
Randall Weisenburger: No, the business is a little bit different than that. We're taking ownership of media. We're placing a principal -- I want to say bet, but principal bet. We are buying specific media and we are reselling that at a hopefully an increased price in most circumstances since the profit that we make, our revenue or our return is going to be based upon the difference between that purchase price of media and the sale price of media. Well, we then have to provide all of the services, all of the underlying technology, build the platforms, do the insights and take the risk. So it's a little bit of a different business model than straight agency-type model. And again, I think everyone is accounting for that is probably pretty similar. I don't know if there is a difference in IFRS and GAAP. The size of people's businesses or how they specifically trade that, that's business-by-business.
John Wren: I think there are some pretty vast differences. They are small numbers, first of all, at this point, but there is some vast differences in the way. I think WPP approaches it versus us. In our case, it's an opt-in, it's not all of our clients, it's only the clients that choose to participate in it. I even think one of our competitors has an independent sales force and is going out and trying to resell inventory that it might own to non-clients, other agencies in some cases. So at this point, it's early days, this business isn't fully developed, and we're just reporting what we did. So I don't know that you can draw a straight line and compare all the groups at this moment.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of William Bird with FBR.
William Bird - FBR: John, you talked a bit about some of your businesses that are seeing high client demand like Accuen. I was wondering if you could talk about, maybe some of the other services that are currently in greatest demand, particularly by those clients that tend to lead the ad market? And then, Randy, I was wondering if you could just talk about salary trends, the negative leverage in the quarter, and what you expect going forward?
John Wren: Well, the clearest businesses in terms of media growth that we have are the media and media-related activities, and that's because of the complexity of the marketplace and the changing channels. I see that only increasing in the near-term, as share of budgets and clients goes to video display versus where it's being spent now, which is a more traditional TV in some cases. So in the near-term there'll be greater media growth there. Also the other trend is clients, as evidenced in Nissan United, are looking for increasing help in us taking responsibility for simplifying a complex marketplace in order for them to achieve their goals and objectives. And so there are shifts going on within the business, realignment of some of the activities, some of the ways we approach and we administer activities. So those are the two principles for us at the moment. And then, the healthcare industry, separately, as an industry, has been very active.
Randall Weisenburger: Your negative leverage question. We didn't have negative leverage in the quarter. Obviously, on an aggregated basis, the margins were down. I went through this. Three primary drivers to that; first was FX; second was the merger cost that we went through; and then, third was mix. The statement I made is that if we actually go agency-by-agency, so we basically like-to-like in the common currency, margins were up a little bit, not a significant amount, but 4 basis points or 5 basis points at least. So from a salary leverage standpoint, we did not have negative salary leverage in the quarter.
Operator: Next we'll go to line of James Dix with Wedbush Securities.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities: Just one question, honestly, and following up a little bit on what you called out, John. I mean, I assume if you looked at your clients and you looked at their medium mix over time, it's been shifting to be a little bit more towards setting large digital platforms in a way from setting the traditional ones. Are you seeing any change in the rate of that trend, if you look at that medium mix, in particular for search, social and programmatic that those channels which you called out? And if you're seeing a change in trend there, do you think that's having any impact on the spending that's going to your media agencies, who you've called out is having particularly strong growth?
John Wren: The answer is, I believe, it is. Can I pinpoint it or predict it with any grand accuracy, no. In speaking to my media leadership, they believe more and more the shift is now permanent and it's only going to increase, as we're able to measure and increasingly measure results. And there is a lot of chatter in clients in terms of a desire to spend more money in this area. But we haven't seen a wholesale move. You know, what we've seen is the same trend that has been developing for the past several years, just continuing. But everybody is working in it every single day. There is going to be an increasing shift. I don't know if that's helpful, but truly what we see at the moment.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities: And you specifically, previously called out the visual, video display versus traditional TV. I mean is that part of the shift that you think is -- 
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, that's going on. Facebook is getting a lot smarter. Every one of the key players getting more competitive offering, different ways to do things, which are proving to be effective.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities: And I guess, my second part of the question is just, do you think that's having an impact on the spending that's going to your media agencies, on the fees or other types of revenue streams you're getting there?
Randall Weisenburger: I mean the amount of work that goes into some of these, I'll say, newer mediums is a greater amount of labor. Our agencies are generally getting paid for insights and creativity. The less of the executions they're doing is much broader, because of all these different mediums. The complexity of these new mediums is higher. So the labor required and the insights required is more. We're kind of at a stage that I think people need to be careful about on a longer-term basis. These are new mediums that are finding their spot in the world as a very useful medium. The old mediums, the traditional mediums, are also very useful for their right spot. So the breadth of opportunity is increasing, but I'm not sure anything is getting eliminated. They're just being utilized differently. So inevitably with anything new, you're going to see a very rapid growth period, once people find out it's appropriate use, but then it should level off at some point in time, whether that's a year from now or five years from now or 10 years from now. It's impossible to say because, frankly, new valuable uses of each of these new mediums is coming along everyday, as smart people with great creative ideas and insights figure out more and more ways to utilize it.
Randall Weisenburger: And thank you, everyone, for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President John Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Mike O'Brien - Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary
Analysts: Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan James Dix - Wedbush William Bird -FBR Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Doug Arthur - Evercore Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If you need assistance during the call, (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2014 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted on the omnicomgroup.com website both, our press release and the presentation covering the information that we will be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some remarks from John Wren about both the state of our business and our potential merger with Publicis. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for the first quarter and then both of us will be happy to take your questions.
John Wren: Good morning. I would like to thank you all for joining our conference call. I am pleased to speak to you about our first quarter business results and update you on the progress we've made on our strategic initiatives. At the end of my remarks for the quarter, I'll update you on the proposed merger with Publicis. Randy and I will be available to answer questions at the end of the prepared remarks. Omnicom's performance continues to consistently demonstrate the strength, diversity and stability of our business. As you know, 2013 ended successfully as markets improved around the world and we met all our stated objectives for the year. I am pleased to report that our excellent performance in 2013 was reflected in the level of bonuses earned by our employees for achieving these objectives. 2014 is off to a very good start. Irrespective of the timing open issues or complexities of the proposed merger, our employees have remained focused on our clients and growth strategies. Importantly, we are on plan to meet our targets for the full year 2014. Now, back to the quarter. Our growth strategies continue to result intangible benefits. During the quarter, we made several strategic acquisitions, we continued to enter into innovative partnerships and made significant progress in advancing our industry-leading digital and data platforms. I'll cover this in more detail in a moment. For the quarter, organic growth was 4.3%. Our year-over-year margins, excluding merger-related expenses, continued to improve. We also continued to invest internally in our talents and agencies to expand our partnerships and to make acquisitions in innovative service areas that will fuel our growth. In many ways, our first quarter results are reaffirmation of our performance in the market improvement we have experience since the second half of 2013. Broadly speaking, the U.S. and the U.K. are showing consistent forward momentum. Euro markets are steadily, but slowly improving. For the first time since the first quarter of 2012, we had positive organic growth in this region. Among our larger euro markets, Germany was positive for the quarter while France continued to be negative. Latin America, Asia and Eastern Europe continued to perform well with some countries spending above others; specifically, Brazil, Russia China and India. The crisis in Ukraine occurred late in the quarter and we do not yet have visibility on the impact it may have in Russia and our other European operations. By discipline, we experienced positive results across our business. Within the brand advertising category, we had very strong overall growth in media, including high double-digit increases in search and programmatic buying. In CRM, our sports and event marketing and shopper marketing operations, performed extremely well. In our specialty category, we continue to see very positive growth in our healthcare business. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet, the diversity and stability of our business has once again reflected in both, our strong cash flow generation and in our industry-leading return on equity. Omnicom's strong cash flow, balance sheet and liquidity provide us the flexibility to prudently and opportunistically invest in our people and our operations as well as in acquisitions that improve and expand our service offerings and footprint. Overall, I am extremely pleased with the operating and financial performance of our business. Let me now provide an update on the progress we are making against our key strategic initiatives. Recruiting, developing and retaining the best talent, expanding our geographic footprint and service offerings to our clients, particularly in emerging disciplines in economy, investing in our digital and analytical competencies in the key markets around the world and delivering big ideas based upon meaningful consumer insights across all marketing and communication channels. Our ongoing investments in recruitment, diversity and training programs are helping us improve the skills of the many talented individuals at our agencies. An important measurement of our challenges is industry peer and client recognition. Let me just mention a few of our achievements during the quarter. FleishmanHillard was named agency of the year by PRWeek. BBDO Worldwide was named the most awarded agency network in the world in 2013 Gunn Report for the eighth consecutive year and DVB was the third most awarded network. Also for the eighth consecutive year, Omnicom's Media Group, OMD Worldwide was named the world's most creative media agency by the Gunn Report. I want to congratulate all the people and agencies for their many outstanding achievements. As I mentioned on our last call, collaboration across different marketing services and geographies is the new normal. Many large multinational clients are asking us to manage their entire marketing process bringing them big ideas and delivering them across disciplines, media and markets. At Omnicom, we have formed teams of subject matter experts from across our agencies for the purpose of delivering integrated solutions, building brand and driving results for our clients. Our approach is designed to fulfill our clients' needs and desires for integrated services and allows us to support and grow the iconic brands in our portfolio. We believe our ability to recruit and retain top talent and to provide the best service to our clients is achieved by ensuring our brands maintain their individuality and collaborate to meet our clients' needs. To further strengthen our efforts, we have recently announced that Peter Sherman is rejoining Omnicom as an Executive Vice President to lead innovation and collaboration across our client portfolio. Peter is returning to Omnicom from J. Walter Thompson, where he served as CEO of North America. In the war for talent, there's nothing more rewarding than seeing a former employee rejoin Omnicom after leaving for a period of time to work for a competitor. Last quarter, we continued to expand our capabilities through acquisitions in the digital and in mobile areas. In February, we completed the acquisition of 22feet one of India's leading and most dynamic digital marketing firms. 22feet will be merged with Tribal Worldwide, India part of the DDB Mudra Group. The new agency will offer its clients end-to-end digital and mobile marketing solutions. In Brazil, we took a majority stake in the advertising agency Mood. Continuing to expand the capabilities of the TBWA Brazil group, Mood's culture of innovation and depth of talent will strengthen our business capabilities in that market. Also in Latin America, Omnicom's Media Group recently acquired Media Interactive, which expands our capabilities in Chile, Colombia and Peru. Lastly, in the U.K., Omnicom's Media Group acquired Mobile5, whose work includes creating mobile ads, developing apps and building mobile sites. Mobile5 will serve as a mobile Center of Excellence for the group in the European region. In addition to these acquisitions, we continue making internal investment in our networks, agencies and service platforms. Today's market complexity demands our agencies to deliver their services seamlessly and efficiently across mediums and markets. Given this backdrop, Omnicom recently announced the formation of Eg+ Worldwide, a global implementation and production agency which will be a leader in leveraging the latest technologies to help global brands implement, amplified and localized creative concepts across moving, image, digital and print media channels. Today, Eg+ deliver services globally through our offices in L.A., New York, Paris London, Singapore and Tokyo, supported by digital production centers in China, India Mexico and Poland. Eg+ has 39 offices and more than 1,200 employees around the world. As I have said before, our industry has become increasingly complex and fragmented. New platforms and technologies come and go at mach speed. We have therefore maintained an open partnership with technological leaders as opposed to making bets on specific platforms. This approach allows us to have access to the latest technologies for the benefit of our clients marketing strategy. Consistent with this strategy, last month we signed the first of its kind agreement with Instagram. Instagram product change will partner with our media and creative agencies, including our OMD PHD as well as BBDO, DDB and TBWA, to develop highly visual digital concepts for our clients. Overall, our diverse service capabilities and top talent, combined with our open-source approach to technology and extensive partnerships, are unique in our industry and position us extremely well for the future. Turning to the proposed merger with Publicis, given the merger's complexity and open issues, the transaction is moving slower than we originally anticipated. To better understand our progress, it is important to delineate the three separate approval tracks we are working on. First is antitrust. Clearance has been obtained in the U.S., the E.U. and 12 other countries around the world. China is the only market remaining for antitrust approval. On April 17th, Omnicom and Publicis entered Phase 3 of the Chinese review process. Phase 3 is a 60-day period ending June 16, 2014. If the regulator is not able to resolve all questions by June 16th, we will need to withdraw and resubmit our filings and continue the process. Second is tax, the French tax ruling approval process is pending. In addition, Omnicom and Publicis have made joint applications with other tax authorities for purposes of establishing the desired tax treatment of the new Publicis Omnicom Group. Specifically, we have jointly applied to the Dutch Ministry of Finance and the U.K. HM Revenue & Customs authority to establish exclusive tax residency in the United Kingdom. Unexpectedly to-date, we have been unable to obtain the Competent Authority agreements necessary to establish the tax status. If we cannot obtain these agreements, it could affect the likelihood of satisfaction of the conditions to closing of our deal. Last, other regulatory approvals, the S4 has to be filed with reviewed and declared effective by the SEC, similarly the European perspectives is to be filed with reviewed and approved by the AFM, the Netherlands regulatory authority for financial markets. We have not yet completed our filed documents with either the SEC or the AFM. The timing, financial statement preparation and other disclosures are in process. Given the proposed merger's complexity and open issues, at this point it's not practical to predict exactly when the transaction will close. Before I turn the call back to Randy, we will go through Omnicom's first quarter financial performance in greater detail, I'd like to make a few final comments. Financially, Omnicom has continued to excel in delivering consistent revenue growth, strong margin performance, stable cash flows and an industry leading return on invested capital. We remain strongly committed to maintaining this performance. Strategically, we have a very stable talent base and are making significant progress on our core priorities. We believe, we are very well positioned to compete in an increasingly complex and dynamic landscape. Our liquidity and strong balance sheet allow us to further invest in the business, make acquisitions and deliver value to our shareholders. Finally, I'd like to acknowledge the spirit and drive of the people at all of our companies that I believe are the best in the industry. The creativity and insights they deliver to our world-class clients, their ability to work together across disciplines and geographies and their financial discipline are the key factors that show themselves in our top and bottom line results. Randy?
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. As John detailed, our agencies continue to make excellent progress against both, their strategic and operational objectives. They have continued to make the investments needed to further develop and expand their capabilities, which consistently resulted in the highest organic growth rates in the industry. I think the market now stands at 19 in the last 22 years. Equally important, they have made these investments while establishing a track record of delivering outstanding quarter-to-quarter financial performance for our shareholders. As John also pointed out, our Q1 performance is a great start to keeping that track record going for another year. As we have done for last couple of quarters, this quarter we have again added our third column of numbers labeled non-GAAP. The only difference between the GAAP and non-GAAP figures is that we have excluded the incremental cost and we have incurred related to the potential merger with Publicis in the non-GAAP figures. These costs which are predominantly professional fees totaled $7 million during the quarter. Most of these costs are not tax-deductible, therefore most of the cost flow straight through to net income. This quarter net income was reduced by $6.8 million and EPS was impacted by $0.03. We believe that the non-GAAP figures help in evaluating the performance of our operations. For the presentation, I will focus most of my comments on the non-GAAP column, so we have included the reported numbers side-by-side for easy reference and clarity. Page 1, for the quarter, revenue came in at $3.5 billion. The good news was organic revenue growth, which following another industry-leading year in 2013, increased again this quarter to 4.3%. The bad news was FX continued to be a fairly strong headwinds, negatively impacting revenue by 70 basis points and acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by another 60 basis points. I'll go into further detail on our revenue growth in a few minutes. Moving down to P&L, our non-GAAP EBITDA increased 4.3% to $414 million and resulting EBITDA margin was 11.8%, which was up 10 basis points over Q1 of last year. FX this quarter, in addition to hurting revenue, also negatively impacted operating margins by about 10 basis points. The markets where FX had a biggest negative impact were Brazil, Canada and Russia, which are generally higher than average margin markets as well. In spite of the FX challenges, non-GAAP operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 4.8% to $390 million and the operating margin of 11.1% increased 20 basis points year-over-year. Again, the only difference between the non-GAAP and GAAP numbers is the exclusion of the $7 million of incremental merger-related costs. Turning to Page 2, and looking at the items below operating income. First, net interest expense for the quarter was $39 million, down $1.9 million year-over-year and down about $800,000 from the fourth quarter. Almost all of the change was due to lower short-term debt balances driven by both, better working capital management and the suspension of our share repurchase program since the middle of last year. Taxes, due to the increased benefits from the tax reorganization that we completed at the end of 2012, our operating tax rate for the quarter [and] in line with our expectations going forward will be about 33.2%, down from the 33.6% rate we had for the last couple of years. The GAAP tax rate of 33.8% was higher this quarter, because nearly all of the merger costs are not tax-deductible. Earnings from our affiliates decreased to $600,000 this quarter, primarily as a result of a reduction in the year-over-year performance of certain of our affiliates in the Middle East, and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries increased $2.8 million to $22.5 million, mainly the result of the strong performance of our Latin American and Middle Eastern operations which have a local minority shareholders. As a result of the foregoing, our non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $212 million, an increase of 3.5% versus Q1 of 2013. On Slide 3, we show the allocation of net income to common shareholders and to participating securities, which are the unvested restricted shares held by our employees. The resulting non-GAAP net income available for common shares in Q1 was $208 million. This chart also shows our diluted share count, which with the suspension of our share buyback program is only down marginally from Q1 of 2013. As a result, our non-GAAP diluted EPS increased 5.3% to $0.80 and our GAAP EPS increased $0.01 to $0.77 per share. On Slide 4, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX, on a year-over-year basis the U.S. dollar weakened versus the euro, the pound in the RMB. It strengthened against most of our other significant operating currencies. The more significant markets included Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan and Russia. The net result reduced our revenue for the quarter by $22 million or about 0.7%. Looking ahead, if FX rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to turn positive by about 60 basis points in Q2 and about 25 basis points for the full-year. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by 0.6%. This is primarily due to the sale of a recruitment marketing business during the second quarter of 2013. Our recent acquisitions continue to partially offset the impact of this disposition. We expect acquisitions net of dispositions to be negative again in the second quarter, but then we cycle through the disposition of the recruitment marketing business by the third quarter and acquisitions should have a positive effect in the second half of the year. Finally, with regard organic growth, we had another strong quarter, up 4.3% or about $147 million. This was driven by a combination of items. First, our agencies continue to benefit from the development and expansion of their integrated digital capabilities. Although widespread, the growth of our media business is the most recent best example of this trend. We also continue to benefit from the strong performance of our agencies in the emerging markets. This quarter, we had excellent organic performance in a number of markets, including Argentina, Brazil, China, Colombia, India, Indonesia and Malaysia. Finally, although slow, the recovery of Europe and our European businesses continues. Turning to our mix of business on Slide 5, for the quarter, our revenue was split 49% brand advertising and 51% marketing services. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising was up 4.9%, again driven by the strong growth in our media business and marketing services was up 3.8%. Within marketing services, CRM was up 4.2%, a strong performance across our businesses with our events, sales promotion, production and research businesses leading the way. Public relations was up 1.2% in the quarter and specialty communications increased 5.2%, driven by another strong quarter from our healthcare businesses. On Slide 6, our regional mix of business in the quarter was split approximately 57% in North America, 25% in Europe, 10% in Asia Pacific, with the remainder in Latin America and Africa, and the Middle East. In North America, we had organic revenue growth of 4.8%, driven by our media, brand advertising and CRM businesses. Our other regions, all had positive organic growth as well. Europe was up 2.3%, led by strong performance in the U.K. and Russia. Asia-Pac was up 5.7%, Latin America was up 7.4% led by strong results in Brazil and Africa and the Middle East was up 6.6%. In our larger European markets as I mentioned earlier, the U.K. and Russia continued their strong performance. Germany, Ireland, Portugal and Spain were all positive this quarter and unfortunately France continue to struggle. Although our organic revenue performance in aggregate for the Eurozone was only marginally positive in the quarter, this represented the fourth consecutive quarter of sequential improvement. In Asia-Pac, we had strong performances across most of the region with double-digit organic growth in Malaysia, Indonesia, Japan, and the Philippines and high single-digit growth in India, New Zealand, China, Vietnam and Singapore. In Latin America, Argentina, Brazil and Colombia, all turned in double-digit organic results. We have also provided an additional slide on Page 7 that presents our revenue by our old geographic subsets. Obviously, this is the same revenue data just group differently. I'll leave that information for you to review separately. On Slide 8, we present our mix of business by industry sector. Keep in mind, these numbers are total growth, not just organic growth. As you can see, there was only a slight change year-over-year, with the retail sector increasing on the strength of several client wins over the past year and the telecom sector lagging behind this quarter. Now, turning to Slide 9, first you will notice we changed the format of this slide, so you have to let us know offline what you think about the new presentation. As for our performance, we had a strong start to the year from a cash perspective as well. We generated $312 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital during the quarter. As for our primary uses of cash, dividends paid during the quarter totaled $131 million, consisting of dividends to common shareholders of $106 million and then $25 million paid to minority interest shareholders. This was up significantly from last year, when we pay our normal Q1 dividend in the fourth quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures of $42 million was up about $4 million from last year, acquisitions including earnout payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $16 million. Finally share repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled only $9 million. This is down $230 million from 2013, because we were required to suspend our share repurchase program following the announcement of the potential merger with Publicis. As a result, we generated $114 million in net free cash during the quarter, again, excluding changes in working capital. Turning to Slide 10, focusing first on our capital structure, the primary year-over-year change was the redemption of $407 million of our convertible notes during the second quarter of last year. As a result, our total debt at March 31st was down to just over $4 billion and our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $1, 950 billion, down about $420 million from last year. As a result of the decreased debt, our total debt to EBITDA ratio improved to 1.9 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio improved to just 0.9 times and our interest coverage ratio remains very strong at 10.8 times. On Slide 11, you can see we again delivered excellent returns on both, total invested capital and common equity. Although both return figures were negatively impacted by the suspension of our share repurchase program, they remained very strong with the return on invested capital of 17.1% and return on equity of 29% for your reference, these returns were computed under reporting GAAP numbers, not the non-GAAP figures. Finally, on slide 12, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders for the last 10 years. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from fiscal 2004 through March 31st of this year, which totaled $9.1 billion, and the bars below show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders including both, dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during that period totaled $9.4 billion for cumulative payout ratio of just over 103%. During this period, as a result of both, our internal investments and very targeted acquisitions, we also grew revenue and EPS by 69% and 220%, respectively. With that, that concludes our prepared remarks. There are a number of other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review, but at this point we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from the line of Craig Huber, representing Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
John Wren: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Randy or John - Hi. Can you just elaborate a little bit further your comments earlier just about what's potentially holding up the merger with Publicis. You mentioned some tax issues and stuff go a little deeper in depth if you would please. Thanks.
John Wren: Sure. I think as we have said consistently, this is a very complex transaction. As a result, there are issues that arise which have to be solved, so there are really great deal challenges. There is a number of gating items as I attempted to explain. From a statutory point of view, we have cleared everywhere, but China, where we are in phase, what they call Phase 3. By comparison, Randy might have a little bit more color on this. (Inaudible) I believe was in Phase 3 for 43 days, 45 days something along those lines and the Chinese will move at the speed chart - Chinese will move, we respond to their questions as they come up and we have to satisfactorily answer all of the regulators questions before we will get approval. With respect to tax, let me turn that one to Mike O'Brien, because it is complex. I do have an understanding of it, but not quite as good as others.
Mike O'Brien: Yes. Craig, I think as John mentioned and I think as everyone knows, the tax structure of our deal is very complex and somewhat unexpectedly or probably very unexpectedly, obtaining regulatory approvals from the various tax authorities has become more difficult than I think we originally anticipated at the time we signed the deal. You have to keep in mind too that our agreements with Publicis have a lot of requirements, there's a lot of conditions and covenants, so there is a lot of moving parts, if you will. You got to remember the new company is to be incorporated in the Netherlands. The agreements required Publicis', Omnicom's principal place of business being the United Kingdom. The agreement calls for the merger to be tax-free in a lot of prospects free to Omnicom, tax free to our shareholders, tax free to Publicis, tax-free to Publicis' shareholders. Finally, our agreements with Publicis require that the new company be a tax resident of the United Kingdom and that's essential for the new company's tax planning going forward. So complying with all these different covenants and conditions, certainly presents certain complexities and challenges. We still have a lot of work ahead of us.
John Wren: It's not a complete answer to your question, because we don't know. We are tackling these things as we can and as quickly as we can and then we have yet to submit as I said on call the regulatory filings to both, to the SEC and the AFM.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Then unrelated question, Randy, if I could just ask the perform you guys had in the quarter on the organic revenue front and in EBITDA margins of I guess, 14 basis points year-over-year adjusted for the one-time items. Would you expect that similar type performance for the remainder of the year for quorum account please?
John Wren: Yes. Not 100% sure of that. We are certainly working to drive every efficiency we can from the business, but now we are going to have 14 basis points of margin expansion every quarter, I am not sure. First quarter is a smaller quarter. We have had great results. Our businesses are working, I think, extremely hard both, on the business front and the cost control front, but we are focused predominantly on investing in our core activities, expanding our capabilities to drive revenue growth on a long-term basis. We have gotten hurt this quarter in particularly by other 10-plus basis points because of FX. I noted that, I don't know how prominently it came out of my comments. Most of the time FX is pretty neutral when it comes to margins, but this quarter frankly the markets where FX was negative happen to be markets that have higher than normal or higher than our average margins, so it did have a bit more of a negative impact on margins than what used to be.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Lastly, real quick if I could, your net new client wins bigger in the second quarter, but what was that size please? You usually target about a $1 billion you would hope for?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. We are a little bit under a $1 billion this quarter, largely because of the Vodafone loss. You will get those pretty solid new business period, but as I've always said each quarter you get one or two big wins or one or two big losses and it pushes you sort of above or below that $1 billion marks, so unfortunately this quarter we are a little bit below it.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Great. Thank you.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan:  Thank you. Just a follow-up question on your comment regarding your merger, I guess given the challenges with the tax approvals and the fact that you are guys had to wait at stuff for the Chinese approvals. Would you likely hold off and sign I guess a proxy until you get more clarity on these issues?
John Wren: Well, that is very complex. As soon as we file our Q, we begun to update our financial statements, we order - we will have to do a little bit of work for the first quarter. Reconciling our GAAP financials to IFRS, so we will continue to work on it.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan:  Okay, then just a follow-up on the cash. I think, we have talked about in the past for, if it wasn't clear, you have to wait till the merger is complete, so within the buyback or just maybe have the filing done, but I guess it sounds like the filing will still be a little raised off here. Should we assume that right now your cash balance will just obviously build or will you go up through maybe acquisitions or other uses of cash or? I guess any commentary you give on that would be great.
Randall Weisenburger: Cash flow obviously builds unless we have uses for it. Our acquisition pipeline is pretty full, but as everyone knows, we are pretty discriminating when it comes to acquisitions. We will continue to be very prudent with shareholders' money and make the acquisitions that we think are beneficial for shareholders. The timing of that, you know, frankly is when the acquisitions are ready to close. I don't think it's really possible for us to spend as much money as we are generating with acquisitions, so inevitably I guess that means the cash balances will build.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan:  I guess, I put it in another way and I am not sure if this is that easy to answer, but has your priorities for use of cash longer term changed or right now it's sort of you are in a bit of a holding pattern. You still will evaluate acquisitions given the full pipeline, but you have always in the past had a preference for share buybacks. Is it too soon given all the plans and mergers to make that depend that statement still a preference or can we - that once everything is set out and you are free to get back in the market that would likely be use of cash.
Randall Weisenburger: Just to be clear what I've always stated is we are going to consistently pay dividend and try to increase that dividend pretty regularly. Our next priority is making acquisitions that are beneficial to our shareholders and growing our business. Then we basically use the balance of cash in share repurchases, but our first priority has always been great acquisitions. We generate a lot of free cash. It's frankly difficult to spend that amount of free cash on acquisitions that are accretive for our shareholders, so our historical or recent preference has been to internal development which is a strong focus of every one of our businesses to make sure we have the capabilities necessary to serve our clients.
John Wren: There is nothing to add to that. Those have consistently been our objectives and the way that we have approached it. Omnicom will continue to do that as long as Omnicom is here. A couple of quarters delay on the share repurchase program. It doesn't alter our long-range [projected] views or strategic plans.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan:  Okay. Thank you very much.
John Wren: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Frankly, because we have cash doesn't mean we are not focused on making sure we pay every bit of attention possible to our own cash management working capital initiatives. Frankly, we have re-doubled those efforts probably each year for the last couple of years.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan:  Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of James Dix with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
James Dix - Wedbush: Thanks very much. Just a couple of things as you think about the combined company kind of after the transaction. I think you've indicated in the past some expectations for higher organic growth of the companies to do that separately maybe in a range of 100 basis points or so. I am just wondering if you could give any more color qualitatively where that growth would come from, any particular types of disciplines, any particular types of regions, just thinking through that, so we can understand where that's coming from. Then just secondly, in terms of the media buying and planning business specifically, how should we think about the greater now potential for that business to get leverage in the market, in particular on the digital marketing side where it would seem the benefits of scale are quite different than in a more traditional areas like (Inaudible). Thanks very much.
John Wren: Sure. I'll do the first bit last. Certainly, larger media scale is a contributor to growth. Omnicom and separately Publicis are large enough individually by themselves to get as prices as we know it today. What it will do it give us a broader client base from which to go out especially from a individual front - premium type inventory as clients may want and therefore we can service or enter into agreement to get a first look or to do whatever we need to do at that time. Then area by way that we spend a fortune - we spend an appropriate amount of money internally investing in, because if you had a strategy a month ago it's not necessarily the strategy for the future, because the environment is changing so rapidly and so you have to stay on top of it all the time. Scale will help. In terms of our comments and I think I am just going back to our road show and moving consistent since then post the merger, and when I say post the merger I don't mean post the merger, but after the company start to integrate we have a better opportunity than we currently have marginally, but for cross-selling, we are going into new areas, we are doing a number of things. Those are efforts which are embedded and for the principal reasons for Omnicom's consistent growth over the last 19 years and so more clients the (Inaudible) systems, so we look. We have the systems, we have the people that are trained to Omni Systems, of the systems, so we so we look forward to that.
James Dix - Wedbush: Great. Thanks very much.
John Wren: Thank you, James.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of William Bird representing FBR. Please go ahead.
William Bird -FBR: Good morning. Other important open issues related to the deal beyond the three-track cited?
John Wren: There are multiple issues. I mean, I don't know - important is a qualitative word the most urgent are they gating items that I mentioned.
Randall Weisenburger: I mean, it's a large complex transaction, so until the day we close, there is going to be items that are scores of internal staff and attorneys are focused on. There is a lot to be done here, but there was gating items of the other primary focus to getting the deal close.
William Bird -FBR: Thanks. When will you know the outcome on your tax status? Is that knowable and how do you think about plan B should approval not come through?
John Wren: Well, I think there are scheduled meetings between the two groups, scheduled for beginning in next week with the appropriate experts to determine the next steps about going back to the regulators and what we will need to do what we won't need to do. With respect to a number of items that Michael mentioned, there is no plan B. Those things are requirements to get to a closing.
William Bird -FBR: Thank you.
John Wren: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: We will go to line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning guys. I'll maybe return to the questions around media planning and buying a little bit more. Thank you for the data around your growth in search and programmatic media and I was just wondering, John, if you could expand on that a little bit. Just maybe broadly, broad comment as that business accelerates it sort of how you see the future of media buying evolving. Is that group around intellect and elsewhere in the business starts to move up and then maybe just specifically around the growth you are seeing, if that's more a combination of more clients being willing to come and execute their plans like that or an extension of services of Omnicom. I am sure it's a little bit of both and they overlap, but I would love to hear a little bit more on that.
John Wren: Sure. Well, your first question analytics is the primary and its related services are where we are concentrating Omnicom's efforts, so as to make what we are doing or the strategy and approach we are taking are very focused and controlled and not scattered to the diversity of our company and has proved to be very successful and we have been able to move very quickly in becoming world-class. The marketplace as you know is changing. Clients and data to indicate return on investment are becoming accepting digital buys increasingly every week every day. Some are early adopters, some are little slower to dedicated increasing part of their budget and mobile is just about to take off, and I don't know sitting here today how much of existing budgets mobile will draw, but we are working under the assumption that between display and also to digital venues, it's going to increasingly over the coming years drive more and more of the clients' budget, because we will be able to tell our - the messaging as to who we reach, when we reach them and what the message we are using to reach them is, so a lot of effort, a lot of very successful platforms are being developed, a lot of very innovative partnerships are being entered into and it's ongoing. We mentioned Instagram on the call. I was hoping to have yet another interesting one done before the call and then probably come in the next couple of days, so it's very iterative and it's a very dynamic landscape platform.
Randall Weisenburger: Dan, you probably know that as well as anybody. You have done some really great work in the space with some your digital hub work. I think the last one I read I thought you nailed it pretty well.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks and thanks for all that detail John. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Arthur with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Yes. Randy, just a question on cost trends. Office and general expenses have been sort of flat to down year-over-year for five quarters. Why is it happening? Is that likely to persist as a trend for the full-year?
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Before I answer your questions, let me just point that we are getting pretty close to market open, so we are going to have this to your last call or last question. Frankly, there is a tremendous focus throughout the company, throughout every agency top to bottom and side-to-side focused on increasing the efficiency of our operations. It's a requirement of our clients, it's a requirement in the marketplace to stay competitive. So, frankly we are changing the way offices are being structured, we are changing the way we are managing all of our back office and support costs. We have to obviously continue to deliver to our clients the level of consulting services, because that's frankly what they are buying, but how we are overseeing, how we are housing, how we are managing those operations are getting more and more efficient every day. I'll say unfortunately from the standpoint of our ability to drive efficiencies were already pretty efficient in those areas, so while there is continuous improvement, those improvements can only have a certain degree of ultimate effect, because a relatively small percentage of our total cost.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Great thank.
Randall Weisenburger: Does that cover everything you had?
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Yes. I mean, I guess, I was just looking for some color on you are implying that you have kind of done everything you can, but is no - slightly up likely to be a trend for the rest of the year.
Randall Weisenburger: No. Hopefully, I didn't say that. I didn't mean that we have done everything we can do. I said is, we have done a lot and we are going to continue to focus on and continue to drive those cost improvements. I think those costs are hopefully flat to maybe slightly declining while we were growing revenue. There are mix issues and there are geographic issues when FX bounces around the way it's done in the last, I'll say few quarters. This quarter in particular, some of the places where FX has had its biggest impact are our higher margin countries and therefore it does have a negative impact a little bit on the margins.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Okay. Great. I got it. Thanks.
John Wren: We have still three minutes, so.
Randall Weisenburger: I guess, we will take one more question.
Operator:  All right, our final question today will come from line of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo: Thanks. A question for John, one of the primary support point you offered for the merger was kind of the rapid evolution the tech landscape. Given then it's been about nine months since the announcement and the tech space and the marketing tech space has been early active, just wondering if you could update your thoughts here and tell us whether things are kind of roughly playing out the way you expected. Thanks very much.
John Wren: Thank you. Well, I think as Maurice has said, I have said many times. We continue to operate as two separate companies until the merger is approved, and we continue to enter into partnerships to make internal investments as fast as we can absorb them and where we see the - you where the stuff is going and that's what we attempt to do every single day and especially in the digital area and our partnerships with all these technology partners and our importance to them allow us some insights as to where they are going and what is going to be beneficial to our clients and that's how we prioritize our investments. That's just rapidly growing every day. I have a meeting later on today we are all approved - some significant internal spending to support some programs and some platforms that we believe will start to become normalized by the end of the year that will contribute to our growth in the future, so we continue to make those investments, we have a fabulous team and there we go. In terms of what our services are and we know what they're not, because there's a lot of confusion when you listen to people and see how each holding company is described. What we do is, we thought we are actually client-focused and most of our people at this point are digitally, I would say (Inaudible) are digitally competent to a much higher level than was two, three years ago or five years ago and that only improves every single day and Omnicom is very well-positioned. It contributes to our overall growth, because there isn't a campaign or assignment that is significantly digital today, so we continue as I'm sure Publicis does in making investments in this area, because it is the future and that's where the puck is going to go.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo: Thank you, John.
Randall Weisenburger: Okay. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time. If you follow-up questions, we will be happy to try to take them offline. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Wren - President and CEO Randall Weisenburger - EVP, Chief Financial Officer Michael Brian - Chief Legal Counsel 
Analysts:  John Janedis - UBS Craig Huber - Huber Research Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan William Bird - FBR Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley David Bank - RBC Capital Markets Doug Arthur - Evercore Tim Nollen - Macquarie  
Operator:
 : At this time, I’d like to now introduce you to today’s conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
 : At this time, I’d like to now introduce you to today’s conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
. : At this time, I’d like to now introduce you to today’s conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. We hope everyone’s had a chance to review the earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we’ll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that’s included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail. And then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John Wren: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining today's conference call. As you have seen in our results, Omnicom has had a very solid fourth quarter, giving us a strong finish to the year. Thanks to an exception list of clients and the commitments talent and creativity of our people, we are in an excellent position going into 2014. I'm both encouraged and cautiously optimistic about our business outlook for the year. This morning, I'm going to talk about what drives this performance, some of the many operational highlights and then I'll provide an update on our proposed merger with Publicis. Hopefully all of you had a chance to review our financial results, which continue to demonstrate the strength, diversity and stability of our business. Organic growth for the quarter was 4.2%. On a regional basis, our performance broadly reflected macroeconomic conditions although in many markets, the performance of our individual businesses allowed us to continue to grow at rates faster than the underlying economies. In the U.S. it feels like the economy is showing consistent forward momentum. These positive dynamics were reflected in our U.S. business which continued to grow steadily driven this quarter by our media specialty healthcare and field marketing operations. In the UK where the economic environment is also slowly strengthening, returned in a very solid performance spread across most of our operations in that market. Continental Europe by comparison is more a tail of east versus west. Eastern Europe performed well for the quarter and the year led by Russia. And we expect this region to continue to have a positive impact on Omnicom results. In Western Europe we’re seeing great stability with some [bright flush]. Germany our largest market in the region had positive growth for the first time in several quarters. France on the other hand continued to be negative as did several smaller countries in the region. Overall we judge the recovery in Western Europe as somewhat subdued and expect business will be slow there for some time. In the developing markets, we continue to experience strong growth particularly in Asia and Latin America, even as these economies have slowed. Our success has been driven by both our consistent focus on organic investments as well as through our targeted acquisition strategy. Our clients remain committed to the developing markets for the long-term. Even in the phase of more modest forecasted economic growth of 2014. And we are extremely well positioned to serve both local clients and multinationals. Looking at the full year 2013, Omnicom achieved solid organic growth of 3.5% well balanced between the U.S. at 3.7% and international at 3.4%. Excluding Western Europe, which I mentioned earlier international growth was over 6% in large part due to our strong performance in the developing markets. On the margin front we achieved our target for the year by driving operational efficiencies while maintaining key investments in both our talents and new service areas. And our cash flow and return on capital were extremely strong in 2013. Randy will cover our results in more detail but I would like to first touch upon the strategies that have allowed us to continue our market leading organic growth performance. These strategies share goal of helping to meet the rapidly changing needs of our clients by giving them access to the best people and the latest technologies when and where they need them. First, by attracting, retaining and developing top talent. Today virtually all of our 70,000 employees are skilled in using digital media and new technologies. Next is expanding our global footprint and moving into new service areas. Third, is leveraging our digital and analytical capabilities and utilizing new mediums and technology platforms. Finally, we continue to deliver big ideas based upon meaningful consumer insights across all marketing disciplines and communication channels. One way we judge our investment in talents and the successful of the many talents development programs Omnicom and our agencies offer is through industry recognition and awards. Omnicom’s agencies continued their traditions of being the most creatively awarded companies in the world. Let me mention just a few highlights. At the Cristal Festival, Omnicom Media Group’s PHD and OMD were the first and second most awarded networks in the media category. In addition Adweek named, OMD global media agency of the year. DDB was named network of the year at the Eurobest Festival, Europe’s leading annual awards show for creativity and communications. And for the third consecutive year, the Marketing Arm was the most awarded agency winning 15 pro awards which annually recognizes the best in promotional marketing. Finally, advertising age recognized LatinWorks and 180 LA as two of the top ten agencies of the year. And Alma DDB was honoured as the multi-cultural agency of the year. I want to congratulate all of our employees and their agencies for their outstanding creativity and effectiveness for 2013. Importantly much of the award winning work is the result of Omnicom’s agencies’ working together to provide integrated solutions for their clients. These integrated solutions are very successful because we are bringing together subject matter experts from a range of disciplines to address our clients’ needs. The manner in which we deliver these services is dependent on the client’s organization. Increasingly teams are structured and centralized with the key purpose of delivering integrated solutions, building brands and driving sales. With the development of new target in ways to reach consumers, the marketing world has become much more complexed. Increasingly our large multi-national clients are asking us to manage their entire marketing process, bringing big creative ideas and delivering them seamlessly across disciplines, media and geographies. This is changing the manner in which we offer our services and enhancing the growth of our largest clients. The recent launch of Visa’s new campaign is a specific example of a very important client asking us to customize an integrated process that fits our business needs. A number of Omnicom’s agencies were involved in the campaign, which was led by BBDO. The effort employed experts from agencies including media, digital, public relations and sports and marketing. All of our agencies across these disciplines work closely together on the development and implementation of Visa’s new brand platform, Visa Everywhere You Want To Be. This was the first from Visa. A global program that stands all channels including Mobile and Speaks To All of Visa’s of oriental, including consumers, businesses, governments and employees. The campaign is currently running and you will it in many forms throughout the world. Managing integrated marketing campaigns is more complex today than ever before. Last year alone almost 1 billion smartphones were sold globally. And every one of those phones is video-enabled. And with 40% of all YouTube traffic coming from mobile, more people than ever before are watching video on their second and third screens. In this always on always connected world marketers face more complexity, but also have huge opportunities to deliver their messages to the consumers they want to reach. As consumers move effortlessly and seamlessly from one device to another across multiple screens, (inaudible) must adds an all forms of communication. That's why Omnicom's agencies are delivering creative ideas using social, mobile and other digital mediums which are at the heart of every campaign. This next generation of storytelling is being amplified by informed insights and new technologies that allow us to deliver personalize and relevant brand messages in real time. We develop these capabilities by ensuring that each of our agencies at a very early stage invested in digital skill sets and talent. As a result, we are extremely well positioned and equipped to assist clients in building their brands and communicating their brand message across multiple channels. An example of our capability is our work for ABInBev. We try this last year to handle Bud Light and to track Millennial consumers. The Bud Light BBDO team elected to get one person a truly epic experience that would become the center of a completely integrated Super Bowl program. BBDO centered a multi-agency, multi-partner team to deliver the integrated plans. The campaign generated 18 thesis of unique content that was distributed through YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and Vine. The consumer call-to-action was created to fuel mass engagement on social media and at events through New York during Super Bowl Weekend. The results are surpassing all expectations. In addition to the 112 million viewers of the Super Bow1, the 3.5 minutes film was the most watched video worldwide on YouTube for over 24 hours leading into Super Bowl Sunday. The online content has already generated 25 million views and 33 million total minutes of time spent with the brand and it’s still growing. The growth of new digital mediums has also resulted in the creation of an immense amount of usable data. Omnicom’s strategy is to aggregate this data on a single actionable technology platform to develop and hire talent that could analyze it and to ultimately provide better consumer insights, target audiences and evaluate the results of marketing programs. It’s about reaching people at the right time in the right place when they’re in the right mood, resulting in improved marketing ROI for our clients. Annalect, our data analytics and marketing technology business is helping our agencies do just that for their clients. Today Annalect has over 850 data scientists and programmers across 50 markets. To further drive our strategy, Annalect is launching a global data management platform which is now live in the U.S., UK and China. The platform will support audience segmentation and adds optimization allowing all Omnicom agencies to analyze audiences across media publishers and provide greater marketing insights for their clients. In the short period of time, it is already generating 50 million new unique audience records on average per day. This consistent view of data on a global basis is the first in our industry. We’ve distinguished Annalect’s capabilities by leading the way and forming global relationships with major technology and media companies like Google, Yahoo!, AOL, salesforce.com and Facebook. And we continue to be first movers in employing the latest media, technology, data and e-commerce tools through the more than 100 partnership agreements that they are leveraging on behalf of our agencies. Our service capabilities as a top talent combined with our open source approach to technology and expensive partnerships are unique in our industry. We are working hard to make sure our people are trained to deploy these tools so that Omnicom is not dependent on any single technology platform or approach that could quickly become obsolete. In sum, Omnicom is extremely well positioned to compete in an effort changing and increasingly complex environment. I'm also confident we have the top talents and tools available to deliver best-in-class services to all of our clients and strong financial results for our shareholders. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes updating you on the proposed merger with Publicis Group. This transaction is highly complex and is taking longer than we originally expected. The integration teams with approximately 70 work streams that were launched in late 2013 continue to make progress. With respect to the three tracks of regulatory approvals; the first, the antitrust regulatory track has progressed well. At this point in time, China is the only market where we are still working towards receiving clearance. And we received clearance from all other jurisdiction. The second track, tax approvals is also progressing well. As we work through the remaining open issues, we will continue to work on our filings with the SEC and the ASM, the final track. However at this point in time, this step cannot be completed until after each side finalizes its ordinary 2013 financial statements. As we look to 2014, we’re encouraged by our solid growth in the fourth quarter and the full year of 2013 and the execution of our key strategies. The Winter Olympics and the World Cup should also provide a little tailwind, so we entered 2014 optimistically. Before handing the call over to Randy, I once again want to thank the people of our agencies for the world-class integrated campaigns, outstanding new business wins and all the great work that has enabled us to deliver a strong 2013 for Omnicom, our clients and our shareholders. Thank you. Randy?
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, John. It was an excellent quarter and a strong finish to a good year. As John pointed out, in addition to strong financial results, our agencies made excellent progress against both our strategic and operational objective. As a result, we were able to again report strong results for the quarter and for the full year. To make our financial presentation easier to follow, we begin this quarter added a third column of numbers labelled non-GAAP. The only difference between the GAAP and non-GAAP figures is that we've excluded the incremental cost that we've incurred related to the potential merger from the non-GAAP figures. These costs which are predominantly professional fees totalled $13.3 million during the fourth quarter and $41.4 million for the full year. To the most part, these costs are not tax deductible. For the quarter net income was reduced by $13.3 million and EPS was impacted by $0.05. And for the full year, net income was reduced by $34.9 million and EPS was reduced by $0.13. We believe that the non-GAAP figures help in evaluating the performance of our operations. For the presentation, I will focus most of my comments on the non-GAAP column, where we have the reported GAAP numbers side-by-side for easy reference and clarity. As I mentioned, our agencies had a strong finish to a good year with net new business wins in the fourth quarter topping $1.5 billion and helping to position us well going into 2014. In the fourth quarter, revenue came in a little below $4.1 billion, organic revenue growth increased 4.2% or FX was negative 0.6% and acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by another 0.7%. I am going to give more detail on our revenue growth in a few minutes. Now moving down the P&L. Our non-GAAP EBITA increased 2.6% to $589 million and the resulting EBITA margin was 14.5% which was flat year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 3% to $565 million and the operating margin of 13.9% was also flat with last year. Again the only difference between the non-GAAP and GAAP numbers is the exclusion of the $13.3 million of incremental merger related cost. Turning to page two and looking at the items below operating income. First, net interest expense for the quarter was $38.8 million, down about $0.5 million year-over-year and down about $3 million from the third quarter; versus Q3 as you may recall, we were required to accrue in Q3 a potential interest payment on a remaining convertible notes. In accordance with GAAP due to the structure of the securities, we will require to accrue basically a full year of interest as expense in Q3. Our operating tax rate for the quarter continues to be about 33.6% and the reported or GAAP tax rate was 34.5%. The higher rate was due only to the merger cost not being taxed deductible. Last year, our reported tax rate for the quarter was much lower at 27% due primarily to the one-time benefit resulting from the reorganization we completed in the Asia Pacific region. That benefit was partially offset by one time charges related to various U.S. states and local tax items. As we noted last year and as we expected, our operating tax rate this year declined to about 33.6%, as a result of that Asia Pacific reorganization. And finally, non-GAAP net income for the quarter increased 2.2% to $314 million. On slide three, we show our diluted EPS calculation. On a non-GAAP basis, EPS increased 4.4% to a $1.18. Although, we suspended our share repurchase program when we announce the potential merger, our year-over-year share count is still down about 2%. On a reported basis including the incremental merger cost, our diluted EPS was flat at a $1.13. On slides, 4, 5 and 6, we present the same material but for the full year. To save sometime, I'll read those pages for you to review separately. On slide 7, we take a closer look at our revenue performance, first with regard to FX. On a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar strengthened against many of our major currencies, the most impactful being the yen, the real, rupee the Aussie dollar and the rand. Going the other way, the dollar weakened against the euro and the RMB. The net result reduced our revenue for the quarter by $24 million or about 0.6%. Looking ahead, if FX rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to be negative by about 1% in Q1 and by about 35 basis points for the full year. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions decreased revenue by about $29 million or 0.7%. This is primarily due to the sale of our recruitment marketing business in the second quarter. Acquisitions have partially offset the impact of this disposition but for now, we expect acquisitions net of dispositions to continue to be negative to the second quarter. And with regard to organic growth, we had a good quarter, up 4.2% or a $167 million. This was driven by a combination of items. First, our agencies have continued to benefit from their development of integrated digital capabilities. Virtually all of our agencies are aggressively taking advantage of new technologies and communications platforms to broaden the scope of services their offering to their clients. Some of the best examples of this trend are in our media businesses where we had another excellent quarter. We also benefited this quarter from the continuing strong performance of our agencies in the emerging markets. This quarter we had standout double-digit organic growth in a number of the emerging markets including, Russia, Brazil, China, India, Malaysia, Vietnam, Colombia, and Chile, and finally, modest stabilization in Europe bolstered by the continuing strong performance of our UK agencies. Looking forward, while it’s still very early in the year, for all of the reasons John mentioned in his comments, business feels better than it did at this same time last year. And coming off of two consecutive quarters of 4% organic growth as well as solid new business performance in Q4, we think a reasonable full year estimate for organic growth would be around 4%. Turning to our mix of business on slide 8: For the quarter revenue split nearly 50-50 between brand advertising and marketing services. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising was up 4.1%, driven by strong growth in our media businesses and marketing services was up 4.3%. Within marketing services, CRM was up 6.8%, with strong performance across the board, but especially in our field marketing events and print and custom publishing businesses. Public relations was down 3.7% in the quarter but was up the year. Although down, the performance in PR this quarter was pretty good. The year-over-year decline is more due to exceptional performance in the fourth quarter of 2012. And specialty communications increased 2.5%, driven by a strong quarter in our health care businesses, partially offset by declines in a couple of our smaller specialty businesses. For the full year, specialty communications had positive organic growth of 4.8%. On slide 9, our regional mix of business in the quarter was split approximately 55% in North America, 30% Europe, 11% Asia Pacific, 3% in Latin America and 1.6% in Africa and the Middle East. Moving to slide 10, in North America we had organic revenue growth of 3.2%, driven by strong performance in our media, field marketing and print businesses. Our other regions all had positive organic growth this quarter as well. Europe in the aggregate was up 2.6%, driven by strong performance in Russia and the UK. Asia Pac was up 10%, Latin America up 18%, and Africa and the Middle East was 1.1%. In our larger European markets as I mentioned, Russia and the UK continued to perform very well. Germany, Italy and Norway were positive, and France and the Netherlands continued to struggle. Although the euro zone markets in aggregate were down 0.6% in the quarter, this represented the third consecutive quarter of sequential improvement. So while it’s still not positive, it does seem to be stabilizing. In Asia Pacific, we had strong performances across most of the regions, with Malaysia, Japan, China, India, New Zealand and Vietnam all with strong double-digit organic growth. Now, with the exception of Mexico, our Latin American markets Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Colombia each turned in double-digit organic result this quarter. Mexico was also positive, just not quite double-digit. We’ve also provided two additional slides on 11 and 12 that present our revenue by geographic subsets U.S., euro markets, the UK and the rest of the world. Obviously this is a same revenue data, just put differently. I’ll leave those slides for your review separately. On slide 13, we present our mix of business by industry for the year. These numbers are total growth non-organic growth. And for our mix of business by industry sector there was very little change year-over-year. And fortunately we have positive growth in almost all of the sectors. The exceptions were auto and financial services. And negative growth in these sectors was primarily driven by one or two larger account losses. Turning to slide 14, we had another very strong year from a cash flow perspective. We generated almost $1.5 billion of free cash flow excluding changes in working capital. On slide 15, we break down our primary uses of cash for the year, which included dividends to common shareholders of about $318 million. The year-over-year decrease occurred because we accelerated one dividend payment into late 2012. So as a result, we only made three dividend payments in calendar year 2013 versus five payments in 2012. Partially offsetting that reduction was a year-over-year increase of 33% in the amount of our quarterly dividend per share. Dividends paid to minority interest shareholders of $101 million was about flat with 2012 and capital expenditures of $212 million was down about 14 million, primarily because we have several larger office build outs in 2012. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $96 million. This was down about $93 million, impart due to a couple of larger acquisitions completed in 2012, as well as the proceeds received from dispositions. And finally, share repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $485 million. The decline from 2012 is because we were required to suspend our share purchase program in July following the announcement of the potential merger with Publicis. All in, on a net basis, we generated $246 million in net free cash during the year, again excluding changes of working capital. Turning to slide 16, focusing first on our capital structure. The primary year-over-year change was redemption of $407 million of our convertible notes earlier in the year for a combination of cash and stock. As a result, our total debt at year-end was down to just over $4 billion. And our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $1.3 billion, down about $445 million from last year. $246 million of the decline was a result of our positive net cash flow as we outlined at the prior slide and a $199 million was a result of further improvements in our working capital management. As a result of the decreased debt, our total debt to EBITDA ratio improved to 1.9 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio improved to just 0.6 times. Moving to slide 17, this chart shows that again we delivered excellent returns on both total investing capital and equity. Although both return figures were negatively impacted by the suspension of our share repurchase program halfway through the year, they remained industry leading at 18.1% and 28.1% respectively. And finally, on slide 18, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income in fiscal 2002 through year-end, which totaled just over $10 billion. And the bars below show the cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, the sum of which during the same period totaled $9.9 billion for a total cumulative payout ratio of about 98%. During this period we were also able to more than double both our revenue and our net income. And that concludes our prepared remarks. There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review, but at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from the line of John Janedis with UBS. Your line is open.
John Janedis - UBS: Good morning.
John Wren: Good morning.
John Janedis - UBS: Randy, you spoke about the improving trends in Europe and I know you don’t give formal guidance, but assuming it continues, would you expect to get maybe a slightly better margin across the company this year when you compare it to 2013?
Randall Weisenburger: Certainly, a broad-based improvement across Europe is probably one of the better things that can happen from a margin perspective. But I think it’s going to take a little while, so that could be the case. And while we’re getting an improvement in Europe and in a Euro markets, it’s still negative. If we had 3% or 4% positive organic growth across Europe that would be excellent from a margin’s perspective, but I don’t see that pick up quite yet.
John Janedis - UBS:  And then maybe one quick one was there any benefit from the Olympics in the fourth quarter?
John Wren: No.
Randall Weisenburger:  I don’t think so.
John Janedis - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
John Wren:  Sure, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Your line is open.
Craig Huber - Huber Research: Yes, good morning.
John Wren: Good morning Craig.
Craig Huber - Huber Research:  The UK obviously had a very strong quarter, I think the first straight quarter year-over-year. Can you just give us some more highlights of great outperformance that are relatively common, I guess not to your peers probably too?
John Wren: It has -- I can’t speak to my competitors. The economy is stabilizing. I’d attribute it more to the individual performance of our companies in the UK. We have some great brands and we have some fabulous people and they’ve been winning business and they’ve been winning business for well over a year and you are starting to -- you see reflected in our results.
Craig Huber - Huber Research: And also, it’s shorter Randy. When do you expect the Form 10 here in the U.S. to be filed? And once it is filed, how long would you expect it will take for the merger to close after, how many weeks and months would you expect?
Randall Weisenburger:  Well, we need the ordinance payments from both companies and then we have to do a bunch of things like reconcile to IFRS and after reconcile to GAAP. On our side, we are hoping to file our 10-K by the end of this week, which means that we’ll be done with that and we have a little bit of work to do then on the results. I know that Publicis is making progress, but I would differ the question to them later in the week as to where they are on their audit. As soon as those things are done, we can proceed. And then the timing will be down to the SEC, their comments and on European side, we’re going to get this wrong, the ASM up -- I got it right for the first time. So then we’re just going back and forth and answering comments and making certain that we’re in compliance with all their requests before we can go to our shareholders and schedule a meeting. So it’s possible that my original comments that we’ve been done by June 30th will slip now a little bit into the third quarter. But until we start the process, we won’t know the answer to that question definitively.
Craig Huber - Huber Research: And my third and follow-up question, if I could please Randy or John, as you think about margins excluding Publicis here in the New Year, are you guys expecting margins to be flat or do you think actually you got a slight margin increase this year?
Randall Weisenburger: We’re aimed at picking out a slight margin improvement this year with or without Publicis and we have to put aside the merger-related cost.
Craig Huber - Huber Research:  Okay. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Hi thank you. Just a couple of questions, just I guess first following up on the comment about timing of the merger. When you think about your share repurchase program, do you know when you’d be sort of [green light] to meet or perhaps get back into market. Is it after the filing comes out or do you have to wait for the merger actually closes?
John Wren:  I believe the agreement -- and Michael Brian, our Chief Legal Counsel is here, requires us to wait until after the agreement, but I’m less certain.
Michael Brian:  I’m sorry please repeat the question, just to make sure I get it right?
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: And the question was when would you be green light -- I guess I’m not asking about when you would actually go forward back in the market, but when would you be allowed as far as understand to reactivate your share repurchase program. Is it after the filing comes out or do you have to wait for the merger actually closes?
Michael Brian:  That’s something we will have to analyze at the time, but we might be able to go in after the -- it depends on volume, it depends on the couple of other things, but we would probably be able to go in after the filing.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Okay. And just one…
Randall Weisenburger:  The agreement precludes it with Publicis so we’d have to work through that as well.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Okay, that is helpful. Thank you. And just one follow-up just generally on industry trends in terms of what you are seeing on the account movements, from our database it looks like the new business has been fairly strong you have given comments on few things, the account movement levels sort of increased or if it’s been [influenced] at all by the pending merger and any color on that would be great?
Randall Weisenburger:  I certainly don’t think it’s been impacted by the pending merger. The accounts statement review typically every year there is business that goes into review. And normally we perform better than our peers in that regard. Right now there is some business in review some business as you know has been recently decided. I wish there were more new business opportunities, but I am happy with our performance.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Randall Weisenburger:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of William Bird with FBR. Your line is open.
William Bird - FBR:  Good morning. Slide 18 on cash returns is really quite impressive. How are you thinking about capital return plans post deal? And I guess what are your post deal leverage thoughts? Thank you.
John Wren:  As Omnicom's management, which is being consistent for a very, very long period of time, I could answer from an Omnicom perspective. What we’ve agreed as part of the merger of the equals with Publicis is we have only agreed to a stated dividend policy. I think formally, the comments that we've made is that acquisitions, which is consistent with Omnicom's past, acquisitions will take precedent in terms of the use of capital or free capital earned from the business and then the Board of Directors or the new Board of Directors will make a determination as to what the share repurchases should be? I also think we've made -- I know we’ve made a commitment to stay BBB plus and to maintain that rating as a new company as well as our prior commitment to maintain that. Randall?
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's right. I mean the new company on a combined basis would generate pretty close to $2 billion a year of free cash flow. That's a lot of money. The company, as said, it wants to maintain at least the BBB plus credit rating. We have some room in the current combined debt structure. And frankly both companies have generated a pretty significant amount of cash since the merger announcement. So, there is a lot of cash to deal with. We said that it's going to be -- that it's a Board decision, which I think in every company capital structure and use of capital is a Board decision. And I have said a couple of times that I can't really envision that at the first Board meeting, the Board would jump and have that be the first item on its agenda. So, I wouldn’t expect to see any rapid change of policy or utilization of cash immediately after the close of the deal.
John Wren: Having said that, the reason for the merger is that both companies think that we benefit and complement each other and that will generate some very, very positive results as an impact to it. So that’s about as much as we can say at the moment.
William Bird - FBR: Thanks. Separately, I may have missed it and I apologize if I did, but can you quantify net new business in Q4?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, $1.5 billion, just over $1.5 billion.
William Bird - FBR: And just if I could sneak in one more on the Olympics effect, are you likely to see a little bit of a pull forward and growth in the first quarter or not?
Randall Weisenburger: I don’t think, Olympics are not a huge marketing event, there is a little bit. The Olympics for us tends to -- we tend to see some event business pick up, there was quite a bit of that with the Summer Olympics, but there is not a lot with the Winter Olympics.
John Wren: I think the World Cup later in the year will be more of a benefit.
William Bird - FBR: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning. Sticking on the cash flow theme and Randy you touched a bit in your prepared remarks, but a big positive working capital benefit this year I think that’s pretty unusual, was -- ask if you could give us some color. And then if you’re willing to talk about in the context of the merger, any expectation around how the new company might or might not see sort of consistent working capital positives or negatives versus (inaudible)?
Randall Weisenburger: I think we certainly -- our push this year was frankly a lot of internal focus, starting from the top, going down to every single agency, pushing on working capital management and doing everything we can do to make our systems and processes and practices as efficient and fluid as possible. You are not going to get that type of an improvement, because frankly this -- a lot of this was cleaning up around inefficiencies. And we still have inefficiencies; we’ll probably always have some inefficiencies but we want to have a lot less of them. From what I can gather, Publicis does a really good job on its working capital management and has a -- as far as I can tell, a pretty similar focus to ours. So, I don’t expect the two companies together are going to be any better than each of this is individually.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  I think it was…
Unidentified Company Representative:  I think he means to say, we are focused.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. As based on my conversations with Jean-Michel, they’re focused well.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  Right. Yes, I think he was on this call maybe a year ago where we were talking about payment terms with clients and John, maybe your quote was we’re not a bank, so it’s interesting to see the good numbers in the context with that trend? And then, I just had one more, you’ve talked a lot about the process to close a deal, do you -- at this point, I don’t know if you can give us a forecast, but this is our expectation this transaction closes in the second quarter?
John Wren: It’s getting very difficult but it really comes down to the regulators. So I mean if I was being -- it’s the middle of February, based upon all advisors that we have, it’s going to -- most likely will slip into the third quarter. But that's all I can tell you until that track of regulatory action starts. That's the best I can guess as we sit here today.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Got you. Thank you very much.
John Wren:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, thank you guys. With all that inside on the changing landscape and digital and data and new platform, I hate to ask about (inaudible) weather, but I have to ask you about the weather. Do you anticipate any impacts from the unusually extreme weather across the U.S., it seems to have the potential to impact your productivity. Have you seen any impact on the advertising market and do you expect any? Thank you.
John Wren: Just let me comment on that. The weather does have a serious impact on many of our clients’ business and if it sustains, if that happens on a sustained basis, I guess eventually it might impact ours. I’ve been at this for a very long time and I’ve yet to use weather on a conference call, as an explanation for our performance. So, we’re not there yet and we proceed.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Arthur with Evercore. Your line is open.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Yes. Thanks. John, I think you mentioned that there were 70 working tracks on the integration process in the merger. Is there anything at this point you can comment on in terms of your initial forecast of 500 million of synergies and $400 million of spend to get there; any color on that at this point?
John Wren:  I don’t have any color on at this point. We are focused on arriving at the best conclusion for each of those aspects. And it gets in many cases very small areas and we haven’t -- that hasn’t been a focus yet. Doing the right thing has been the focus.
Randall Weisenburger:  Yes. I mean step one is to make sure we identify all the things that have to get, I will say done or integrated, the day we close. No matter when we close, we are going to be reporting numbers and having to operate the company the next day. So I think all the teams are focused first, on identifying those; second, trying to identify how each company operates sort of the differences so we can try to identify the better practices or the best practices of the two and then think about how we can over time move towards those best practices.
John Wren:  And just one final comment on it, Randy points out the most important part is what we have to be able to do day one. But the two groups and the benefits that they bring will take a little bit of time and when we first made comments about synergies, we indicated that they weren’t going to come in the first quarter or the first year per say that we couldn’t predict but we were confident that we would be able to achieve them because of opportunities that we see that both companies together offer.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Okay, great. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: We're also getting pretty close to the market opening. So why don't we take one more question? And then we'll say goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie: Hi, thanks. I wanted to follow up on the merger operations and opportunities questions that we've seen so far. If there is a little bit more you could say about what you've been able to do, other than regulatory and tax work that you mentioned, what have you been able to do to prepare for the merger operationally? And then a follow on with that is you mentioned when you made a merger announcement that you expected an incremental 1% revenue growth from the merger. I'm guessing that has a lot to do with the scale and with the opportunities to work more in integrated marketing and digital which you've also highlighted in your comments here. Is this a realistic longer term trend that you can continue to push revenue growth up in that type of a range because of that type of digital work?
John Wren: I think as I said in my prepared remarks, there are a lot of complexities associated with the transaction; we're working through all of them. We’ve focused a bit on the questions here on the regulatory ones, but there are others as one would expect. And it has been the policy I think and the intention of managements of both of Omnicom and of Publicis to grow in excess of the GDP of the markets in which we operate. And we always -- the short hand of that has always been, we expected to do a percent better. I don’t -- nothing has come to my attention which would take me off of that statement at this moment. Now, there might -- Omnicom has been able to do that as I said on a consistent basis and there hasn’t been separate -- when the markets almost [smelted] in 2008, there hasn’t been much of an interruption in that. I am not suggesting that’s going to be every single month, but over a year, over the business cycle that’s our intention. And if we ever change it as a combined company, we’d come out and we would let you know ahead of time.
Randall Weisenburger: You also asked what have we been able to do today. From an operation standpoint we’ve talked a lot. We’ve talked about these integration teams. But as far as actually working together, our attorneys have made it explicitly clear that we have to continue to operate as two separate companies. And in some respects, we’ve actually operated almost more independently than we would have if we hadn’t announced the deal. People have been extremely cautious on breaking the rules of working together before the merger has been closed.
John Wren: 
 :
 :
Tim Nollen - Macquarie:  Okay. Thanks very much.
John Wren:  Okay. Thank you all very much for listening to our call. Have a great day. Bye, bye.
Operator:  Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Michael O'Brien - Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Craig Huber Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to now introduce to you today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2013 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our performance. And due to the pending merger with Publicis, we'll be giving a few more non-GAAP measures than we have in the past. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. John is going to begin the call with some brief remarks about the quarter, as well as the status report and overview of our pending merger with Publicis. Following John's remarks, I'll review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail. And then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call. We're now 3 quarters through 2013, and I'm pleased to say our performance for the quarter and for the year-to-date remains strong. I'm going to start with comments on the quarter and then a brief update on the proposed Publicis Omnicom Group merger. Please bear in mind that our groups are operating independently as we go through the required approval process. For the third quarter, organic growth was over 4.1%, and operating income and margin, excluding merger-related expenses, improved over the same period of 2012. On a regional basis, our performance reflects some broader macroeconomic conditions in the global market. We continue to experience strong organic growth in the U.S. and the U.K. The Eurozone has not yet returned to growth, and our businesses in both Latin America and Asia performed well during the quarter. While we are cautiously optimistic about economic conditions, we remain focused on the things we can control. Our results are an affirmation of the success of Omnicom's strategic priorities to drive growth: first, to invest in and retain the best talent; next, to expand our global footprint, particularly in developing markets and move into new fast-growing service areas; third, to invest in our digital and analytical capabilities and assets around the globe; and fourth, to deliver innovation and integrated solutions using meaningful consumer insights across disciplines for the benefit of our clients. We are confident that our pending merger with Publicis will only enhance the strength in these core strategies. It'll bring a wider pool of talent, a broader portfolio of best-in-class agencies and a deeper set of systems-integration capabilities. Since we made the announcement, I have visited with many of our employees and clients. There is an air of excitement about the merger and a clear sense of opportunities it creates. For our employees, many of whom are listening to this call this morning, this merger means working for the best companies in the industry. Maurice and I and our leadership teams are committed to excellence. Creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship have always been and will continue to be priorities for our agencies. And while we share many core values, we also want our networks and agencies to have distinct, unique identities in the marketplace. Our merger will give Omnicom and Publicis employees higher ceilings as there is no group that can possibly offer better career prospects. It will also give employees greater access to talent development programs that lead the industry. Omnicom University is just one example of a leadership program that we will extend to our colleagues at Publicis, and I'm certain Omnicom employees will also reap similar benefits from their talent development programs. As a result, our employees will have access to better training and increased opportunities for self-development. For our clients, as our firms come together, Publicis Omnicom will continue to deliver the work and service they are used to from people who are focused on delivering the very best. There are no plans to merge individual agency brands. We are in the talent business, and people want to work for a company that stands for something. Having an agency that has its own unique identity and culture is very important. What will change and dramatically improve, however, is access to a more diverse portfolio of services, our global reach, as well as a deeper bench strength of digital and creative talent. Together, we will be able to serve our clients with exceptional expertise, collaboration and creativity in an ever-changing environment across a full spectrum of disciplines and geographies at scale. As all of you know, the pace of change is staggering. This rapid shift has created a new world of extraordinary opportunities. New technologies are changing our personal and business lives and generating vast amounts of data that we can draw insight from. We are now able to segment our target audiences even more meaningfully and reach them even more precisely, in the right place, at the right time and when they're in the right mood. We can convey messages that are capitally nuanced based on insights, derived, in part, from the effective analysis of data. To realize the true value of this for our clients, Publicis Omnicom will capitalize on our own technology platforms and work effectively with an increasing number of technology partners. Towards this end, there are advantages of scale. Publicis and Omnicom can leverage platforms and the investments necessary to develop and maintain them across a much bigger operation. And when partnering with technology companies, we will be able to extend our relationship across a larger group of agencies. A good example of this strategy is Omnicom's investment in Annalect, our primary data and analytical business. Today, Annalect has hundreds of data scientists and programmers, who are working with many of our agencies across disciplines and platforms, collecting data, which is used to develop actionable insights in real time. These efforts are driving a tangible shift in how our agencies are hiring and developing their talent to ensure that they can use the data effectively to create, target and distribute content across multiple platforms. As an example of this trend, one of our CRM agencies, RAPP, recently named its first director of applied data, a role that will serve the purpose of deriving insights and actions from our data platforms. However, big ideas and creativity will not be replaced by algorithms anytime soon. Clients are looking for ideas and execution that transcend and work across all mediums. This means cutting a 30-second commercial for the Super Bowl or placing an ad on Facebook or a 6-second video on buying[ph], a live event or any number of options. Publicis and Omnicom have the combination of both mad men and math men, who are going to be required to win in the future. As our clients succeed in this landscape, so, too, do our shareholders. Investors in Omnicom and Publicis will benefit from 2 very strong publicly-traded companies coming together. In fact, Publicis and Omnicom have the strongest track records of financial performance in the industry. We fully expect this to continue after the merger, with strong cash flow generations for the shareholders. Today, we each have strong balance sheets, and we each have the ability to invest internally in our growth and make acquisitions as they arise. Together, our ability, reach and flexibility grows even stronger. The proposed merger is the combination of the 2 best-managed holding companies in the industry, and the reaction from our employees and clients has been very positive. So there is no doubt in my mind that the creation of Publicis Omnicom Group is the right move, providing best-in-class marketing and communication services that will support our clients, develop and attract the best talent and enable shareholders to continue to invest with confidence in an even stronger communications enterprise. With respect to the merger approval process, it's moving forward as expected. The process of seeking regulatory approval is now well underway in 16 jurisdictions, covering 46 countries. Given the number of jurisdictions involved, it's difficult to predict the exact timing of regulatory clearance, but at this point, it is going well. In preparation for joining together, the companies have agreed on an integration approach, and our senior management will be meeting later this month to begin the early stages of determining what the Day 1 business requirements and long-term opportunities for the combined company will be. There is still much to accomplish, but at this moment, we're on track for closing the deal in early 2014. It is also important to reiterate, until the transaction is complete, Omnicom and Publicis will continue to operate as 2 distinct companies. Before turning the call over to Randy, who will go into greater detail on the financials, I'd like to make a few more comments on the business highlights for the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, Omnicom places emphasis on education and training as a key to success. Last quarter, we completed Omnicom University's Advanced Management Program at the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai. In partnership with Fudan University, we also held a Digital Work session. These sessions demonstrate our commitment to training as a company and to building our skills in Greater China. Ask anyone who's been through these programs around the world and you are likely to get the same answer: these are unique experiences to tackle important client and agency challenges. They help create stronger leaders, better teams and ultimately, a better product. In September, Omnicom advanced its reputation for creativity and innovation with another great showing at Spikes, which is considered the Cannes of Asia. For the fifth consecutive year, BBDO and DDB were among the top 3 networks recognized for creativity. Over[ph] 35 agencies in 10 countries contributed to Omnicom winning more than 100 creative awards at Spikes. Many of the winning Spikes entries were the result of our agencies working together and collaborating on behalf of their clients behind the scenes. In fact, for a growing number of our clients, our people are collaborating across disciplines and agencies more closely than ever. They are sharing insights and ideas and increasingly working together to achieve common objectives for our clients. Sometimes these teams are informal and organic, while, at other times, they are more structured and centralized. As a client-focused organization, we realize it's not a one-size-fits-all approach to servicing our clients, but, rather, understanding their unique business challenge and developing creative solutions. A good example is the recent announcement of our partnership with Nissan Motor Company. Together, we signed a multiyear agreement for communications, advertising, marketing, media, promotions and digital services. Our success is the result of our team's ability to present benefits of integration from both a strategic and execution perspective and demonstrate the power of this model to the benefit of our client. This relationship will be managed by Nissan United. The team will include numerous Omnicom agencies, such as TBWA, OMD, Interbrand, Emanate and others. This is a unique structure for Nissan as they look to build a consistent brand promise across the globe. Collaboration and coordination across our agencies is even more important today than ever before. You may have seen in the press that we recently appointed Troy Ruhanen, a top executive from BBDO, to a new position at Omnicom to help drive cross-agency collaboration and innovation for many of our largest clients. Troy is a builder of bridges across agencies and offices, and his global experience make him well suited for the challenge. It has been an exciting 9 months for Omnicom, with solid financial results. Our goal now is a strong finish to the year and an on-schedule closing of our merger with Publicis next year. With that said I'll turn the call over to Randy for more details on the third quarter.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. It has certainly been an eventful quarter with the announcement of the merger and all of the activities that it's involved. That said, I wouldn't want the upcoming merger to distract from the excellent performance Omnicom's agencies had this quarter and through the first 9 months of this year. To make our financial presentation easier to follow, we've added a third column of numbers labeled Non-GAAP. This column excludes the incremental costs we've incurred in the third quarter related to the merger. These costs, which are predominantly professional fees, totaled $28.1 million and net of taxes, reduced EPS by $0.08 per share. As you all know, we do not typically present non-GAAP results, but in this case, we think it will help to evaluate the relative performance of our operations. For the presentation, I will focus my comments on the Non-GAAP column, but we have the reported GAAP numbers side by side for easy reference and clarity. Again, the only difference between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are the exclusion of the merger-related costs and then the follow-on effects on taxes and obviously, the summary numbers, like net income and EPS. So moving on. On the revenue front, as John said, our agencies are continuing to have a good year despite the relatively weak economic environment. In the third quarter, revenue came in at just under $3.5 billion. Total growth was approximately 2.5%, while organic growth was 4.1%. FX headwinds and net dispositions brought the growth rate down by 1.6%. I'll address our revenue growth in more detail in a few slides. From an earnings perspective, our agencies had another excellent quarter. The ongoing initiatives that focus on efficiency improvements and streamlining our portfolio, combined with our individual agency's intense focus on cost control, resulted in EBITA increasing 4.5% to $433 million. The resulting EBITA margin was 12.4%, which was up almost 25 basis points over last year. Operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 5.2% to $408 million, and margins increased just over 30 basis points to 11.7%. Looking at the items below operating income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $42.8 million, up $2.5 million from the third quarter of last year and up $2.1 million sequentially from the second quarter of this year. This increase is due to the accrual of contingent interest on a remaining convertible bond. During the measurement period in the quarter, the stock price crossed the threshold requiring us to pay contingent interest on the bond, and in accordance with GAAP, we accrued the potential interest to be paid through the next call date, which is July of 2014. On the tax front, our operating tax rate for the quarter was 33.6%, which is in line with our expectations for the full year. The reported rate was somewhat higher at 34.5% because certain of the merger-related costs are capitalized and nondeductible for tax purposes. Looking at income from our affiliates and income allocated to our minority shareholders. There were numerous ups and downs from a year ago, as well as currency variances in the quarter, with the aggregate effect being no change year-over-year. As a result of all of that, our total non-GAAP net income increased 6.8% to $218 million and net income available for our common shareholders increased by 6.5% to $212 million. The GAAP net income figures, which include the merger-related costs, was $196 million and $191 million, respectively. On Slide 3, we compute EPS. First, as a result of stock repurchases we've made over the past 12 months, our diluted share count was down about 8.6 million shares or about 3.2% to just under 260 million shares. As a result, our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.82, representing an increase of 10.8%. As I mentioned earlier, the costs through the third quarter related to the merger reduced GAAP EPS by about $0.08, down to $0.74 per share, which was flat compared to 2012. On slides 4, 5 and 6, we present the summary P&L and EPS information for the year-to-date period, but I'm going to leave those pages for you to read. On Slide 7, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to foreign exchange, on a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar strengthened against most of our major currencies in the quarter, except the euro and the Chinese yuan. The net result reduced revenue in the quarter by $21.7 million or about 0.6%. As a reminder, the majority of our costs are incurred in the same currency as our revenues. As a result, the FX impact on our revenue flows pro rata through to our earnings, thus having a negligible effect on our operating margins. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are currently, we expect foreign exchange to be negative between 50 and 75 basis points in the fourth quarter. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by $34.2 million in the quarter or about 1%. As we mentioned in July, we completed the sale of our recruitment marketing business in the second quarter, so the net decrease was in line with our projections. In terms of organic growth, we had a very good quarter. The growth rate accelerated to 4.1%, adding $140 million in absolute terms. This increase was driven by continuing very strong performance from our media businesses, especially in the United States and in Asia, further acceleration in our specialty health care businesses and the pharma sector overall. Another quarter of strong performance from our leading PR brands and then, geographically, good performance overall in U.S., the U.K. and Russia, as well as the emerging markets of Asia and Latin America. Turning to our mix of business on Slide 8. Brand advertising accounted for 47% of our revenue, and marketing services contributed 53%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising's organic growth was 4.8%, driven by the strong performance of our media businesses, offsetting a few larger client losses in advertising earlier in the year. Marketing services in aggregate was up 3.5%. And within marketing services, CRM was up 2.3%, primarily driven by increases in our field marketing and branding businesses; and continuing strong performance in public relations posted organic growth of 4.6%; and specialty communications increased 8.3%, again, primarily driven by the strong performance of our specialty health care businesses. On Slide 9, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split 52% domestic and 48% international. Turning to Slide 10. In the United States, revenue increased $57 million or 3.2%. Organic growth was very strong, up 5% or $88 million. Again, media continued to lead our domestic growth, with most of our other disciplines and industries contributing positively as well. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by $31 million or 1.8%. Again, this was driven primarily by the sale of our recruitment marketing business in the second quarter. International revenue increased $26.5 million or 1.6%. FX created a headwind causing a revenue decline of $22 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by $3 million or about 0.2%, again related to the recruitment marketing business that we sold. And organic growth, which continues to improve although slowly and with quite a bit of variance by region, was positive at 3.1% adding $51 million. In our larger European markets, consistent with our performance in Q2, Russia and the U.K. continued to perform very well, while Germany and France were down. Although the Eurozone markets in aggregate were down 1.6% organically in the quarter, it was an improvement from the second quarter. In Asia Pacific, we had strong performances across most of the region, with very strong results in South Korea, Singapore, China, India, New Zealand and Vietnam. And the Middle East and Latin America turned in solid organic results as well. We've also provided 2 additional slides, slides 11 and 12, that present our geographic revenue by regional subsets: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Africa and Middle East. It's obviously the same information, just organized differently, so I'll leave those for you to read. Slide 13 shows our mix of business by industry. As you can see, there were very slight changes in our mix of business year-over-year. In the quarter, we had good results in food and beverage; consumer products; pharma, as I mentioned before; retail and telecom. Turning to Slide 14. Our cash performance for the first 9 months of the year was outstanding. We generated a little over $1 billion of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. On Slide 15, the breakdown of our primary uses of cash for the 9 months included dividends to common shareholders of about $212 million. The year-over-year decrease reflected the acceleration of our normal early January dividend payment to December 31 of last year, and that was offset by our increase in the dividends paid per share. Dividends paid to minority interest shareholders were $81 million, and capital expenditures were $123 million. CapEx was down from last year, when we had several large office space build-outs. Acquisitions, including earn-out payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled $89 million, and share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under employee share plans, totaled $492 million. As I believe most of you already know, we have suspended our stock repurchase activity since the announcement of the merger. So on a net basis, for the 9 months, our uses of cash effectively equaled the cash generated in the business. Slide 16 shows our current capital structure. As you may recall, we redeemed $407 million of our convertible notes during the second quarter. As a result, our total debt at September 30 declined to just over $4 billion. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter increased slightly, up $30 million from a year ago to $2.52 billion. As a result, our total-debt-to-EBITDA ratio decreased to 1.9x, while our net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 1.2x. It stayed unchanged from this point last year. And our interest coverage ratio is 10.6x. Obviously, all the metrics are in good shape. And finally, on Slide 17, both our return on invested capital and our return on equity have continued to improve. For the past 12 months, our return on invested capital was 16.7% and our return on equity was just short of 30%. Well, that concludes our prepared remarks. There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials that we'll leave for your review. And at this point, I'm going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: When you initially announced the transaction, there was a bit of concern about potential account losses or client conflicts. Now that you're a couple of months in, what have you heard from clients? And does the risk appear to be somewhat maybe more modest than other deals of size you've seen in the past?
John D. Wren: We have -- we've seen no difficulties thus far. There -- we've been in the business for a long time, and each one of the holding companies has long had the procedures and firewalls to deal with conflicts. If issues arise in the future, we'll deal with it. But to date, we're in good shape.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, good. And then maybe one other quick one. The euro currency markets, obviously, as you mentioned, improved to levels we haven't seen in a few quarters. I know you've talked about some moving pieces in those markets in the past, but is it your sense that you're moving off of the bottom across the entire region?
Randall J. Weisenburger: No. I think we might be stabilizing near the bottom. We had good performance in a couple markets where we have businesses that are growing not necessarily because of the individual markets, that's in Spain and Portugal. But Germany and France, Belgium, those markets in[ph] Netherlands, they were all negative.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Alexia Quadrani with JP Morgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. I guess, first, you saw some real nice growth in the U.S., improvement in the U.S. in the quarter and continued strength in the U.K. I guess, any color you can give in terms of how we should view those sort of important markets going into the fourth quarter? Will the trend continue, I guess?
John D. Wren: It's hard to say. I think it's down to the individual performance of our agencies, not necessarily economic growths. And you have to remember that this year, the fourth quarter, the retail schedule is shorter than in the past because of the late Thanksgiving.
Randall J. Weisenburger: The next quarter is also -- as you know, like the fourth quarter every year, we've been talking about it for years now, with sort of year-end project revenues, is always a little bit more difficult to forecast.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then also, I guess, my second question is, you've got obviously, a very strong balance sheet and very healthy cash flow, and now with the buyback suspended due to the pending merger, I think you'll have even a stronger cash position whenever sort of this deal -- when this deal gets done and when you're allowed to sort of step back into the market. Could you give us an update, I guess, on your priorities of use of cash maybe longer term? Can we expect a more accelerated buyback potentially, once you get the green light? I guess any comments on that front would be great.
John D. Wren: Well, as we sit here today from the Omnicom side of the table, our intention is to follow pretty similar -- follow what we've done in the past. When the new company [ph] comes into existence, there'll be a new Board of Directors, and we'll have to sit down with the Board of Directors and -- Maurice and myself, and determine what that board will authorize. So I think it's a little premature to be talking about accelerations or changes from our past behavior.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, thank you for the color you guys gave in terms of where you are on the merger and the outlook there. From the outside -- for us that are sitting on the outside, is there something we can look at in terms of a benchmark or points that we can see that's saying now progress has been made or these hurdles have sort of been overcome? I guess, I don't know if there's any answer to that question, but I thought I'd ask.
Randall J. Weisenburger: On the deal, there's -- I assume you're talking from a transaction perspective.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, yes.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Okay. So there's really sort of 4 gating items. There's the antitrust track. So at this point in time, as John pointed out, we've done our filings or at least the preliminary filings. And I think every jurisdiction -- maybe some small markets, some place we haven't gotten done quite yet, but every major jurisdiction, we've got the filings in, and we're in really sort of the information stage. We're answering questions, following up and people are evaluating it, so we don't have any news really one way or the other. It's progressing on a very good track. People spent a huge amount of time and effort getting those filings done. We did get clearance in South Korea and -- okay.
John D. Wren: Michael?
Michael O'Brien: Yes. This is Mike O'Brien, General Counsel. We've received clearance actually in South Korea, and also in South Africa, we just found out yesterday. So we have had a couple of minor victories there, if you will. And everything else that Randy described is the best way to describe it, it's in process. We're comfortable with the way things have gone so far and the conversations we've had so far, and we're optimistic, but it's still in process.
Randall J. Weisenburger: The second track is taxes. There's 3 jurisdictions that we need to get tax approvals on, and we're in process of doing that, again still early. And then there's the SEC and AMF or AFM filings, and again, that's -- we're also in process on. It's hard to determine which one of those will be the specific gating item at the end, but I think everything is proceeding as we would have expected.
John D. Wren: And as we clear major hurdles, as we go through this, we'll inform the public.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: A couple of things, please. First, just one question on the numbers. You've had some dispositions taking away from numbers a little bit in the last couple of quarters. Just wondering when we'll be cycling through that. And also, I may have remembered this wrong, but I think, as I recall, some of those dispositions actually were profitable. So my question is, would your margin have actually been a bit better had you not gotten rid of those assets during the quarter? And then secondly, on the merger again, I hear your comments and I understand what you're saying about not shutting down agencies and this is about size and scale. I'm wondering in particular about your digital businesses, though. How will you treat your data and digital operations between Publicis and Omnicom? Is it a question of merging databases? Is it a question of putting teams into larger organizations? It just seems like there's so much opportunity to gain scale, but if you intend to keep things separate, I just wonder how you plan to run it.
John D. Wren: Those -- you're talking about the various platforms that we invest in?
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Yes.
John D. Wren: As opposed to the agencies -- and when I say agencies, I mean the networks and the companies. There's an integration process that Maurice and I and our management teams have agreed to, and so we're going to valuably use the time that it takes us to get through all these regulatory issues to sit and plan what is the most sensible, profitable thing to do and what the priority in which we should act once we're allowed to act, after the deal is approved. So that process is just about to begin. And intuitively, I know exactly what you're saying. We will go through it in detail with the people who are the experts in it and make that determination in the coming weeks and months.
Randall J. Weisenburger: As far as your divestitures questions go, the biggest single divestiture we did we completed pretty much at the end of the second quarter, so that's going to take us 4 quarters to cycle on that. It was roughly $35 million a quarter of revenue, probably a little bit of variance quarter-to-quarter. And as far as the margins go, no, those companies -- if we had those companies in the portfolio, our margins would not have been higher. Those companies that we've divested, its margins, are less than Omnicom's average margin.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: A few questions, please. Each quarter, you generally will give us what your net new business wins were in the quarter. I think your quarterly target is generally about $1 billion. How did that track this last quarter, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It's a little bit under $900 million.
Craig Huber: Okay. Then, secondly, can you talk a little bit further about your very strong U.K. performance? Why was it so strong, please?
John D. Wren: Again, it's specific agency performance.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Specific agency performance.
John D. Wren: Really, just people in the right place at the right time and winning a few pieces of business.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes.
Craig Huber: So there's no...
Randall J. Weisenburger: Those agencies there in particular had a very good run.
Craig Huber: Okay. Because I remember last quarter, the second quarter, you guys mentioned that there's a large French account that shifted, I guess, from France to London. That helped this quarter as well or no?
John D. Wren: It probably added to the overall performance between the 2 countries, but it's not the sole reason for it.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. It wasn't the major -- it was -- again, the revenue moved, but it was not a major driver in the quarter.
Craig Huber: And then also, concerning your merger, I wanted to ask if you could just give us further clarity or further update here on that $500 million cost savings target. Can you just maybe give us a little more clarity on what's behind that number in terms of how confident are you that you can get the $500 million number and what's the big nuggets to get to that $500 million cost savings? I think you've talked about getting there by Year 5.
John D. Wren: Yes. I believe the $500 million number we used is modest and comes from a variety of just natural things that you would expect when 2 groups this size come together. We, together, spend over $4 billion in third-party services and other type of costs, and we should gain quite a bit of efficiency in having a common insurance platform to be able to utilize what little excess rent occurs in any particular city at any particular time. Our auditors shouldn't cost as much as they do individually. There's a whole series of things buried in that, that are just natural. There's hard work and -- there's some work and planning in getting to those results, but sometimes, you have to wait until your current policies have lapsed before you can move to the next level. So it's not all Day 1. But there's a great deal of that cost that's buried in that number itself.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. We went through when we were developing, I'll say, the potential efficiencies on that level. We started at our billings numbers and worked our way down looking at our P&Ls sort of line by line. As John pointed out, there's over $4 billion of third-party costs. There is $15 billion or $14 billion of salary and service costs. We have a number of ideas of how we can get efficiencies across the board. Obviously, each company has a lot of their own best practices. We're going to evaluate each company's best practices and move towards them. I think everybody is pretty confident that there's -- the $500 million worth of efficiencies is a pretty conservative number.
Craig Huber: And then lastly, if I could ask, you've mentioned in the past you have to spend, you think, $400 million over, I think 5, years to achieve these synergies. Is that still your -- the correct number, you think?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't think we have any better data than we had when we first put it out. As John also pointed out, due to the process that we're in, the 2 companies have to continue to operate separately and can share limited amounts of data and information. So we're -- frankly, as far as identifying specifics, we're not allowed further than we were, I'll say, pre-deal announcement.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A quick first question on business trends. So you came in at 4.1% organic growth for the quarter. Can you comment at all on any major variances versus your expectations for that by geography or discipline?
John D. Wren: Just really repeating what Randy said on the call. The U.S., we were fortunate. We certainly grew faster than the economy, and that's due to specific performance of specific agencies. And I'd say the same is pretty much true in the U.K.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. And some standout areas, our media companies have been -- frankly, for a few quarters at least, have been doing a great job. I think that's predominantly driven by their performance, just good business practices at this point, good new business wins. The pharma and health care area is rebounding pretty well also.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then based on September, are those statements as true based on how September came in, which I understand is generally a large marketing month for the industry?
John D. Wren: Yes. I mean, we don't -- September was good first, no question. We don't dissect this analysis down to that microscopic level.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We're the first guys to tell you that we even think the quarter-to-quarter analysis has flaws, if you're trying to draw conclusions at this level of granularity. When you get month-to-month, you're really trying to -- you're trying to find something that's really not there.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just can you just comment a little bit on some of the emerging markets, just in general terms, what you're seeing going on in markets such as China and Latin America and just maybe emerging markets in general?
John D. Wren: Our performance continues to be strong. Those markets aren't growing this past 6 months in the same way that they were growing 2 years ago. But there's still good growth and there's still plenty of opportunity because there's a lot of share opportunity in those markets for us.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And they're extremely impactful because they've gotten bigger as well. So while the maybe growth percentage numbers were bigger a couple of years ago, when I look at the rank order of who's adding dollars of organic growth, because that's, ultimately, what counts, China and Russia are in the top 4 or top 5. That's impressive to me. The U.S. is always the most important market because of the size, as well as combining it with 5% growth, so certainly not an emerging market, but an extremely important growth market.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Randy finally, so you're not buying back shares currently. Are there any prospects that you may be able to buy back shares at all before the merger closes? Or should we just presume that you're out of the market until it does?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Prospects, yes.
John D. Wren: I think you have to presume that we're out of the market until the merger closes because that's, right now, what our agreement says.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Brian Wieser with Pivotal Research.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: I have 2. First, on the merger costs. I was wondering if you can give any color as to how much you expect to incur prior to the closure, if any costs are coming out of the normal operating expenses. But just any extra color on how you expect that to proceed. And a separate question, I was just curious, production decouplings kind of, I think, a fascinating new space. We've seen Publicis just announce Prodigious. I'm curious how much interest you're seeing from clients on the topic and how you expect that to play out going forward.
John D. Wren: There's a couple of questions there. We have -- we're in the process actually of sitting down with our production companies to see -- because we are global, we're not yet globally branded or managed globally, I suspect that will occur in the coming months as we've seen the benefits of it. Clients are, in fact, pitching or requesting bids on larger areas of its production. They used to be done more regionally. Now they're getting outside of regions. So that's an opportunity for us before we close, and then, certainly, it will be an opportunity post closing for us. With respect to merger-related costs...
Randall J. Weisenburger: I didn't actually get the question, if you'd repeat it.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Sure. I was curious if you have a sense of how many -- what your costs will be through the remainder of the merger process. And are all those costs associated with the transaction incremental? In other words, are there any costs that you're normally incurring that are incorporated in those costs?
Randall J. Weisenburger: The answer to the second part is no. The answer to the first part, unfortunately, I don't have -- a great estimate, it's a lot. A lot of attorneys running around nonstop. This is a fairly large and complex transaction, as we mentioned, on just the antitrust alone. We did economic studies on something like 47 different markets. So I suspect the transaction fees will be at least 1.5, 2x what we've already spent, I would think.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Okay. And just a follow-up on the production decoupling topic, if I may. I'm curious if you have a point of view on the net economics of it. In other words, the notion of a standalone production decoupling business, is it a higher-return-on-capital business? Is it a lower one but it's something clients just increasingly want? I'm curious on your thoughts on the economics of that trend.
John D. Wren: Well, we actually have 3 at the moment, 3 standalone businesses, which are really serving different regions of the world. We're looking to see whether or not we should be expanding that and combining to respond to pitches. And I suspect when we're done with that evaluation, the answer is probably going to be yes. It's good business. It's a growing business. I don't quite understand where you're going with the economics of it.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Well, I guess, what we've heard from the procurement trade, certainly, is the substantial savings that comes out of the creative agency fees paid. Although it's possible that the savings that come out of what they're spending, you recoup with a higher-margin business essentially. I'm just curious if that's something that is accurate, if -- or if it's not at all.
Randall J. Weisenburger: There's -- we even -- we joke internally, production is a fat word. Production means a lot of different things because we have a breadth. Whether it's print production or creating digital websites or doing banner ads or doing TV commercials, doing postproduction, there's a lot of different aspects to production. So when you're saying creating -- when we talk about creating a production unit, we've basically been globalizing and creating 3 separate production companies for the last several years.
John D. Wren: Correct.
Randall J. Weisenburger: There are also a number of other production capabilities we have internally, and we also manage a very large amount of third-party production. I think it's well over $4 billion or $5 billion. So in looking at that whole space, it's a very interesting business. It's a business where we're managing a lot of client spend, and we're doing a lot of different pieces of the work, so we think there's a very significant opportunity bringing those businesses together and focusing on it in a more aggregated global way going forward.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just going back to Europe for a second. I was struck by your comment on Germany still being down. I mean there have been some economic indicators saying that market is starting to turn. Are you seeing any hope there near-term?
John D. Wren: It was down slightly for us in the quarter, yes. Post elections, confidence is there again, but we haven't seen signs of -- tangible signs of it really coming back in the manner that it was -- it performed in the past. But it has stabilized, as Randy said. And so we're cautiously optimistic that at the center of Europe, coming back at all is going to be Germany's performance, and we're optimistic that we'll see it.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Just to make sure we're consistent. Don't read too much into 1 quarter's set of numbers, especially when you cut it up by 1 country at a time. Our numbers are our numbers. New business activity, wins or losses, individual performance of our clients in that country, year-over-year timing and the economy affect the number. A lot of people read those numbers, they hear the number and think it's just a straight indication of the economy, economics in that specific market in the quarter and are also, generally, thinking of that sequentially from last quarter. The numbers we're presenting are year-over-year numbers and they had a lot of different things in that mix, so...
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of James Dix with Wedbush Securities.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Randy, I will make it a 2-parter then. Hopefully, I don't make it too long a 2-parter. How have you been explaining to clients the potential for better service and/or pricing in the media buying and planning businesses as a result of the merger? Because where I'm kind of getting at is, I mean, you've talked about, say, $4 billion in third-party spending that you're doing and you came up with a synergy number on that. So I'm just curious as to whether there's any way of thinking about synergies in the much larger amount of third-party spending you do on media platforms on behalf of clients. And then, secondly, as you've gone through the merger process to the extent you have so far, has your outlook on what margins should be for Omnicom just on a standalone basis over the next few years changed at all?
John D. Wren: In the first question, because we are still functioning as 2 completely separate companies, we -- and as I earlier -- an answer to an earlier comment on the digital side and platforms, we have not yet sat down and done an evaluation to determine what we might do in the areas of platforms. We just have not. When you get into media, if you look in the traditional medias, it's a supply-and-demand business no matter how large you are, and clients have specific needs. So I don't see seismic moves in pricing our ability to control anything because of us combining. In the digital area, I think there are grand opportunities even if we weren't combining because there's an awful lot of media. And more and more budget is being shifted that way, and when that happens, if you get to a point where you can aggregate certain aspects of it and get lot -- get a full library of premium digital inventory, there's more and more you can do with it. Those benefits get shared with the client currently. That will only increase, I think, as we move forward.
Randall J. Weisenburger: As far as margins go, we've been committed for decades of using the power of the holding company to drive the efficiencies that are possible at each individual agency. And keeping -- we want to make sure our agencies, each of them, are operating at the right margin for their business or their optimal margin and using the holding company to make those margins continuously a little bit higher and hopefully, to reduce the volatility of performance. Mix of business is also an important driver in evaluating margins, overall. Not every business and every geography has the same potential margin. So as we move forward with greater size, we certainly believe there's new heights that we can drive margins, greater efficiencies to be had. I'm sure we're going to learn quite a bit from the standpoint of best practices. I'm sure that some of our agencies and some of the way we do things is fantastic, and I'm sure a lot of the ways that we're going to learn from our -- our new partners, what they do is fantastic, and the combination should get us to a new level. Thank you, all, very much. We appreciate your time.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig Huber Townsend Buckles - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2013 earnings call. We hope everyone had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectations, and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on the call. We're now half way through 2013, and I'm pleased to say that our performance continues to demonstrate the strength, diversity and stability of our business. On a global basis, our top and bottom line was consistent with our internal forecast. And as you can see in our deck, organic growth was 2.8%, and margins increased during the quarter. Regionally, our performance broadly reflected the different macroeconomic conditions in global markets. Our business in the United States continues to grow at a steady pace that is slightly faster than the overall economy. In Asia and Latin America, we're experiencing stronger growth. And as you might expect, the Eurozone remains a key geographic challenge. Before discussing the highlights of our second quarter performance, let me start by providing an update on the progress we're making on our key strategic initiatives. More than at any time in our history, our company and agencies are aligned around the common set of strategies that are essential to our growth. These strategies share a goal of helping us meet the rapidly changing needs of our clients by giving them access to the best people and the latest technologies, where and when they need it: first is attracting, retaining and developing top talent; next is expanding our global footprint and moving into new service areas; third is building upon our digital and analytical capabilities by investing in our agencies and partnering with innovative technology companies in key markets around the world; and finally, by delivering innovative solutions using meaningful consumer insights across systems and platforms for the benefit of our clients. Our progress is really a reflection of the caliber and contributions of our people. I'm happy to report our agencies continue the tradition of creativity and innovation with a record year at Cannes. Omnicom won more than 240 Lions across all marketing disciplines, categories and geographies. Let me just mention a few of the highlights. BBDO and DDB were 2 of the top 3 networks for the seventh consecutive year. Omnicom Media Group earned the most wins of any media agency holding company in the media category for the second year in a row, and OMD Australia was Media Agency of the Year. Ketchum was the only public relations firm to win Lions across multiple categories. And finally, demonstrating our breadth and depth, Omnicom agencies from more than 35 countries, representing 145 brands, won Lions. It's also worth noting that many of our winning Cannes entries were the result of multiple Omnicom agencies working together on behalf of our biggest accounts. This reflects an important trend in our industry, as many clients are telling us that they want greater collaboration, cooperation and efficiencies around the world. On the digital front, we're also benefiting from stronger capabilities that blur the lines between disciplines and geographies. We continue to see a proliferation of new platforms and an increasing desire from our clients to create effective campaigns that work across all media channels, technologies and devices. As I've said before, the way to succeed in this environment is to develop digital skill sets at every agency and partner with the right technology leaders. This allows us, without bias or silos, to develop and integrate the most effective digital strategies. For example, at Annalect, our primary data and analytical business, we have incredible talent that is developing innovative partnerships and leveraging cutting-edge technologies and tools to collect data in real time and convert it into actionable insights. Accuen, which already operates in the United States, Europe and Asia, is extending its programmatic ad-buying system into Latin America to service the growing needs of our clients in that region. Last month, Annalect also announced a global deal with salesforce.com that will allow us to use the Salesforce marketing cloud to build a suite of social tools. This partnership will support social media offerings across all Omnicom agencies that allow them to deliver more dynamic, real-time content. This is just one of many examples of our open-source approach to partnering with media, data and research companies. This strategy allows us to employ the latest technologies, and at the same time, reduce our investment in technologies that may become outdated. Now let me turn to our second quarter results. As I mentioned, organic growth globally was up 2.8%. Revenue growth in the quarter was well balanced between the U.S. at 2.7%, and the international markets at 2.8%. With the exception of the euro markets, all of our regions experienced solid growth. Randy will provide more details when he makes his remarks. As a result of our top line performance and focus on expense management, we continue to drive strong cash flow. Our balance sheet remains extremely sound, giving us the flexibility to utilize our free cash flow in a disciplined manner for dividends, prudent acquisitions and share repurchases. Overall, Omnicom's performance this quarter reflects our commitment to delivering the highest quality work for our clients, expanding our capabilities to continue to effectively market across the globe in a digital world and building strong agency cultures. I will now turn the call back to Randy, who will take you through the numbers in more detail.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. As John said, our agencies had an excellent performance in Q2, benefiting from their continuous focus on delivering new, innovative and insightful ideas and services to their clients, while relentlessly driving their own cost efficiencies. As a result, revenue came in right on track at $3.6 billion, and our EBITA margin for the quarter increased almost 20 basis points to 15.1%, bringing EBITA for the quarter up to $548 million. Operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 3.3% to $523 million, and the resulting operating margin was 14.4%, also a year-over-year improvement of about 20 basis points. Looking at the items below operating income, net interest expense for the quarter was $40.7 million, up $5.8 million from Q2 of last year and just about flat with the first quarter. The year-over-year increase is primarily due to the interest cost on the $1.25 billion of 10-year notes we issued last year. If you remember, the first tranche of $750 million was issued early in Q2, and the second tranche of $500 million was issued mid-Q3. Together, they have a blended interest rate of about 3.4%. On the tax front, our reported rate for the quarter was 33.9%. While the rate was down slightly from last year, there were a few ups and downs in the quarter from discrete items that pushed the rate up just a bit. For the full year, we still expect our operating tax rate to be around 33.6%, which is about where we are for the first 6 months. Net income for the quarter was $289.5 million, which was a solid increase of 2.4%. And on Slide 3, we show the computation of diluted EPS. The increase in net income, combined with the year-over-year reduction in our diluted share count of 4.6%, resulted in EPS for the quarter of $1.09, which was an increase of 6.9%. On Slide 4, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX, on a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar strengthened against most of our major currencies, except for the euro and the Chinese yuan. The net result reduced revenue in the quarter by $18.7 million or about 0.6%. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to be negative by about 1% in Q3 and about 1.5% in Q4. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions decreased revenue by $4.3 million. And in the quarter, we completed the sale of our recruitment marketing business, so for the next few quarters, absent new acquisitions, we could have negative acquisition revenue of between 70 and 100 basis points. With regard to organic growth, we had another very solid quarter, up 2.8% or $99 million. As we've talked about before, this quarter, we were up against strong comparables, including specific Olympic-related revenue of about $50 million. A couple other areas worth mentioning this quarter. We continue to have excellent performance from our media operations, driven by both solid new business activities and new services. Our specialty pharma and health care businesses are benefiting from a combination of recent wins and increased activity from clients. And our agencies in many of the emerging markets, China, Russia, India, the U.A.E., Turkey, Colombia and Chile, to name a few, continue to have strong double-digit growth. Turning to our mix of revenue by discipline on Slide 5. Brand advertising accounted for 48% of our revenue; and marketing services, 52%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising's organic growth was 4.3%, driven by strong growth in our media businesses, as well as good new business performance in the second half of last year. However, this was offset to some extent by recent moves of Gillette and Chevy. And our marketing services was up 1.4% in aggregate. Within marketing services, CRM was down 0.5%, primarily driven by declines in our sports and events businesses when compared to the second quarter of last year, when they had the benefit of significant Olympics-related revenues. Our public relations businesses continue to have very good results, posting organic growth of 3.8%. And specialty communications had an outstanding quarter, up 7.8%, predominantly driven by strong results across the board from our specialty health care businesses. On Slide 6 and 7, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split 52% domestic and 48% international. In the United States, revenue increased $44.4 million or 2.4%. Organic growth continue to be very solid, up 2.7%, and acquisitions net of dispositions was down $6.7 million or 0.3%. International revenue increased $32 million or about 1.9%. FX created a headwind, causing revenue to decline $19 million. Acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue $2.4 million, and organic growth, which continues to be very mixed by region, increased this quarter to 2.8% or $48 million. In Europe, of the larger countries, Russia and the U.K. continue to perform very well, while Germany and France were down. In the U.K., increased spending by our consumer products and telecom clients led our traditional agencies, especially our media agencies, to a solid quarter. The Eurozone markets, in aggregate, were down 3% organically. And in Asia, we had strong performances across most of the region, with double-digit growth in China, India, Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia. And in Latin America, we continue to have standout results in Brazil, Chile and Colombia. Slide 8 shows our mix of business by industry. As the chart shows, we had strong performances in the quarter in the travel and entertainment sector, which was primarily driven by a couple of recent new business wins, as well as the consumer products, telecom and pharma sectors, which resulted from a balance of new business wins and increased spending. Obviously, we were down in the auto sector, primarily due to the Chevy move. Turning to Slide 9. Our cash performance for the first 6 months of the year was on track and consistent with last year. We generated just over $700 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. On Slide 10, the breakdown of our primary uses of cash over the same 6 months included dividends to our common shareholders of about $107 million. The year-over-year decrease reflects the fact that we accelerated our normal January dividend payment to December of last year. Dividends paid to minority interest shareholders of $60 million and capital expenditures of $69 million. CapEx this year is down year-over-year, primarily due to a couple of sizable office moves and a long-term lease renewal that occurred last year that had significant build-outs involved. Acquisitions including earn-out payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled $45 million. And share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled $492 million. All in, we overspent our free cash flow by about $71 million for the 6 months. Slide 11 shows our current capital structure. As we believe everyone's aware, we redeemed $407 million of our convertible notes during the second quarter for a combination of cash and stock. That reduced the amount of convertible notes outstanding down to $253 million. And that, coupled with the second tranche of senior notes issued in Q3 of 2012, brings our total debt balance up to just over $4 billion. Also, year-over-year, our net debt position increased by $377 million to $2.63 billion, primarily as a result of share buybacks over the past 12 months. As a result of the increased debt, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio stands at 1.9x, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is only 1.2x. Our interest coverage ratio, at 10.8x, remains very strong. On Slide 12, we show our ROIC and our ROE metrics, both of which continue to be very strong. Our return on invested capital for the trailing 12-month period increased to 17.5%, and our return on equity for the same period increased to almost 32%. And finally on Slide 13, which tracks the total cash payout to shareholders, shows that since 2002, we've returned just over 100% of our net income to shareholders through the combination of dividends and share repurchases. And that concludes our prepared remarks. There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, I'm going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just 3 things. I guess, when you look at the growth within the advertising discipline, are there any longer-term trends you think worth pointing out in terms of organic growth, and I guess also, margin trends between your media agencies as opposed to the other agencies within that category? Just curious on that. And then secondly, just your thoughts on what the amount of pending large pitches is in the market at the moment, and in particular, what's your outlook for picking up some auto business to take advantage of your resources there. And then finally, there's a couple -- there's been some trade press on some renewed push by procurement, which I assume is ever present, or changes in some types of payment terms, in particular, how quickly they will be paying for certain types of services. Just wondering how we should be thinking about developments there. Is there anything really new there? And is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of modeling cash flow going forward?
Randall J. Weisenburger: That was long enough, I forgot the first question.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I've got them written down, Randy, so...
Randall J. Weisenburger: I'm kidding. I'll let John go.
John D. Wren: Let's start from the bottom up. In terms of procurement, there's always been pressure, there continues to be pressure to drive efficiencies. With respect to balance sheet cash flow, we've turned down and not accepted clients that we could have won because we weren't prepared to accept the terms that they were offering. We're not a bank. I think if you speak to my competitors, they'll both -- or all 3 agree with that concept. That's not what we're here for. And anybody who wants to treat us like a bank can go to a bank. The second thing, part, pending large pitches, there's a couple around. We don't try to aggregate them. We just believe in ourselves, and we believe that if we get up to the plate, we'll score well. There's no -- not to my knowledge -- big car pitches up at the moment, but I have great confidence in the capabilities of the people who were on the Chevy business, that when one does come up, we'll have a very good chance at it. And then your first question...
Randall J. Weisenburger: And on the car front, we have a excellent roster of auto clients already, 3 major global accounts, so it's not like we're short of auto.
John D. Wren: But we always accept the next one if we can handle it. And then in terms of your first question, which was the distinction in margins between the media agencies and the advertising disciplines, I think?
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes.
John D. Wren: They're roughly the same. I'll let Randy...
Randall J. Weisenburger: The media agencies have strong margins. There's a lot -- there's more investment in the systems and technology, especially with some of the new areas of programmatic trading and I'll say digital marketing, behavioral marketing. So I think we get a pretty comparable return on capital in both areas. Yes, that's probably all there is to really say about it. On an absolute reported margin basis, the media business are a little bit higher. You also asked about growth in advertising, the strong growth in advertising. The way we operate the business, I think a lot of that is being driven by digital, or what other people might break out as digital. We operate our businesses on a much more integrated basis, and we're certainly seeing strong growth with providing services to utilize new technologies.
Operator: Our next question would come from the line of John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Randy, there's been some concern in the market that the tone of business in the emerging markets slowed a bit in both Asia and Latin America. I know you spoke to it briefly, but did you see any sign of that trend in China, India or Brazil as you exited the quarter or at the start of the third quarter?
Randall J. Weisenburger: China and India were very strong for us. Brazil is not growing as fast as China and India right now. Brazil is a much more developed market in many ways.
John D. Wren: But there are -- the balance of this year, who knows, next year, you start with a lot of major global events that will run through 2016, so we're very bullish about Brazil in the near term.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then separately, you had accelerating growth in the U.K. in a period where you mentioned the Olympics comp. And the European, I guess, money looks like it stabilized. Are you guys feeling a little bit more comfortable about the region going forward?
John D. Wren: Well, the U.K. was benefited a little bit by switching a packaged goods company, which we were handling out of our French office last year at this time. And we switched to our London office. That, plus the Olympics. So France wasn't as down as much as the reported numbers would have you believe. And the U.K., which was very strong, was still very strong, but not as strong as the reported numbers. Southern -- Spain and Southern Europe seems to be bottoming out. I think you still have concerns, and we still have some concerns in the very short term about France and Germany until after the election, but nothing dramatic. It's just -- it's a bit of a headwind.
Randall J. Weisenburger: It does feel like it's stabilizing. It's not -- it's just not necessarily rebounding yet, but one step at a time.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: A few questions, one at a time, if I could. Typically, you'll give us what your net billings number was in the quarter. I think your goal was generally about $1 billion per quarter. What was it this last quarter, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: We were right about $800 million with the -- with Chevy and a couple other things, like Gillette. As I've always said, if -- a couple big moves, big changes up or down can affect the quarter, so I think our base was very strong, came in pretty much as we would expect, but with the Gillette loss, it just pushed us down below $1 billion.
Craig Huber: Okay. Then switching over to the U.K., just a little bit further on this, if we could, Randy or John. The 7.4% organic number there, how much was that impacted on a year-over-year basis organically from the Olympics revenue about a year ago? And also, can you just talk a little bit further about this switch of the business booked in France over to London. That just basically started at the beginning of the second quarter. It's the first time I've heard you talk about it.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think the Olympics was around $15 million to $20 million in the U.K. I don't have the number at my fingertips, but I think it's in that category.
John D. Wren: And I've seen the number for the second quarter of that move, but I don't have it sitting in front of me. But it was just we changed personnel and where the lead on that global piece of business was from, at the clients' request, and so it was neutral to the overall Omnicom. But if you're examining microscopically the countries, it had an impact on -- to the benefit of the U.K. and to the detriment of France.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We've talked about these things a few times. There's a handful of places in the world that are really global centers that you can really handle global pieces of business out of. I think last year or maybe it was the year before, we had it where a piece of business moved from the Netherlands to the United States. And when you deal in some of those international markets on these global pieces of business, when you have a move, either in or out, it can look pretty impactful in that market. If it happens to go into a place like the United States, it tends to get blended away a little bit because it's just the size of the market. But as John points out, it's net neutral for overall Omnicom revenues. It just makes these country numbers look different than what the actual market economy is. Many times, I think when we talk about revenue growth in a country, people take that as to the strength of the country or the strength of the market in that country, and that's certainly one aspect of it. But wins and losses are, at times, an overwhelming aspect of it, especially as we get to the smaller markets.
Craig Huber: But just -- I'm sorry, just for the timing of this switch between the countries, that basically started at the beginning of this second quarter?
John D. Wren: I don't know if it was late in the first quarter, and just probably we didn't have an impact.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think...
John D. Wren: When I spoke of it in the last call.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think the move started in the first quarter, but again, it takes a little while to move a sizable piece of business.
Craig Huber: And then my final question, please. When you think about your Southeast Asian markets, China and maybe Australia, is the rate of growth in those markets for Omnicom -- is the rate of growth slowing there, given the economic slowness we hearing over there?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't think China is. Australia probably is. Last year, we benefited -- we finally consolidated Clemenger. And with that, quite a bit of activity was going on around it, where we were able to expand the business, probably a little bit faster than normal, so that's steady. But China still remains a very strong double-digit growth market.
Craig Huber: And you're not seeing it slow at all, in a material level?
John D. Wren: Not for our business, no.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Townsend Buckles - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Townsend Buckles for Alexia. Can you say how much of an impact the recent account losses had on the quarter, specifically Chevy and Gillette, as you called out, and what we should expect in coming quarters?
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, that's not something that we really break out client by client.
Townsend Buckles - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I guess, as we look at the U.S. growth, it slowed a bit from Q1. I mean, would you say that most of that would reflect those losses, if you can say?
Randall J. Weisenburger: The problem with the question is, if I -- I can take any bad thing or I can take any good thing and probably account a quarter to any one of them, but there's 100 of them every quarter. So it's -- to try to isolate and say that the quarter is down because of a Gillette -- the Gillette move or I can also say it was up because of this move. This stuff balances out. So we don't really look at it quite that way, we prefer to never have any account losses. We prefer to only have account wins, but unfortunately, both happens.
Townsend Buckles - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And your sale of Hodes, I think that's been a bit of a drag on the business in the past. Should we expect this to have a positive impact on organic growth and profitability going forward? Will that be meaningful at all?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It will definitely be positive on organic growth and margins going forward. It's got -- 3 years ago, it had a bigger impact. But right now, the impact because of the business, while it was not positive, was starting -- was stabilizing at a very low number. So it was -- the benefits of losing this headwind on organic growth, again, will be positive but not significantly positive. And kind of the same thing with margins, it will be positive but not noticeably.
John D. Wren: Right. I mean, if you recall, we didn't call it out specifically, but implied in what we said in 2010 of the agencies that we felt were no longer strategic to the business, and we wanted to, in an orderly fashion, dispose of them. Hodes was probably the largest of the remaining items on that list, and it just took us until now to dispose of it in an orderly fashion.
Townsend Buckles - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then just lastly, if you can talk just generally about how you're seeing the second half of the year in terms of client sentiment and spending plans?
John D. Wren: Right now, we're in the process of re-forecasting for the second half, and we're not quite done with that process, but we haven't seen any major swift swings in attitude from what we previously had forecasted.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. And we're certainly comfortable with what we've been talking about if you go on along. I mean, this quarter, the margins were up. Our agencies have done an extremely good job of pressing their own efficiencies. So I think we're certainly more comfortable with the full year than we were -- well, I mean, I guess, we've always been comfortable with it, but it's certainly encouraging to see how this quarter came out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Yes, as a follow-up, just as you look at kind of the second half and you think about kind of how some of your leading clients are behaving, would you expect kind of the growth profile to be consistent with the first half or somewhat different?
Randall J. Weisenburger: We have -- we've got a little bit less headwind in the -- certainly at least in the third quarter. We've had, as we've talked about a couple times, some specific Olympic revenue in the first half as a headwind. We're not going to have that in the second half. And I think all the client conversations that I've heard remain pretty consistent with what we thought at the beginning of the year. So at this point, I think we think we feel pretty positive about the year.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And as you alluded to earlier, there's some natural chop in the business from quarter-to-quarter. Is there anything to read into the moderation in U.S. growth in Q2?
John D. Wren: I don't think so.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And finally, can you talk a bit about just your strategy around programmatic buying and Accuen?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I'm going to let John do that. I want to go back to your other point about the U.S. I mentioned the Olympics spending. The Olympics happened to be in London. All the work that we did wasn't in London, so a piece of it was there, but frankly, more -- much more of it was in the United States.
John D. Wren: Digital buying of media is done by machines as if you're standing on the floor of the NASDAQ as opposed to in a traditional media shop. Increasingly, the capabilities of what we can do, we -- I hold the long-term belief that, eventually, traditional media or a lot of traditional media will get purchased that way. So where we have a client need, we've been expanding the service and opening up the capability country -- major country by major country. And it improves every day because with more volume, more activity, it just expands, and it can probably continue to expand for the foreseeable future in terms of what it can do.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And the labor in that space is really in developing the technology and developing the insights. So as of right now, while the buying uses a lot more technology, the development of that technology, the programming and insights that we give from one client to the next is still obviously very labor intensive.
John D. Wren: And as you can imagine, the publishers are changing their algorithms constantly, so we're changing our algorithms constantly.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And just a final question. Based on the numbers you gave, Randy, just on the acquisition headwind from the Hodes sale, is it roughly a $100 million business and annualized? And I'm just curious what the organic growth was on that business.
Randall J. Weisenburger: That's -- you got the number about right, about $100 million, and it was costing us $2 million to $5 million a quarter in negative organic growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have one for Randy and one for John. Randy, just looking at this -- the auto number being down 11%, and I know a lot of that is owing to the Chevy move, and maybe you can't quantify the exact impact of that. But I just wanted to hear if there's anything organic going on in automotive. We heard that in the TV upfront that some of the tone of business was maybe slightly slower, so I just wanted to hear if there's anything that we can isolate at auto. And then the second question for John, I appreciate your comment about growing your digital capabilities at your agencies. I'm always trying to figure out, there are these independent ad technology firms that pop up and that have material or legitimate businesses and business models. And did you think that the digital capabilities at your agencies are taking share from the independents or not? And so I just also want to ask that question in the context of your need to build digital via acquisition as digital matures. I guess the hope would be that more of your growth is organic as digital matures and the need for those bolt-on acquisitions actually sort of diminishes.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Sure. I may take a stab at both of them, and John can correct me on the second one. So in auto, our major auto clients are doing quite well. I think the bulk of the change this quarter really was the Chevy move. But we have a lot of different auto businesses. Our 3 major accounts are doing quite well. And the rest of it is probably -- if there's anything else, it's probably project business. On the media technology front, there's a very interesting ecosystem that's being developed, where there are a number of companies that are being established to hopefully sort of knock down roadblocks in the development of the space. As the space evolves, issues pop up, and people try to attack those issues. Many of those technologies, the better ones we're partnering with, we're maybe even buying some of their services. I think that will continue to go on for quite some time, because frankly, as the space evolves, more and more little roadblocks pop up as people move forward. Our people are obviously also developing solutions around those issues, and we're happy to find the best answer for our clients. And it's inevitably going to be a combination of utilizing solutions developed by third parties, developing some of our own solutions and there will inevitably be some places, at least as of right now, that haven't appeared yet, that we're going to find solutions necessary to keep moving forward.
John D. Wren: And the only thing I would add to that is with all the digital channels that are now available to reach the desired audiences, clients understand the complexity, and they're actually looking for partners that can holistically handle both their digital requirements and their traditional requirements. And whilst small, very successful startups, when you compare them to the size of a company like Omnicom, may win $20 million, which may turn to be 10% growth for them, that's not much of a challenge to us. And we think the long-term trend is clients looking for people they can depend on to provide insights and to reach those audiences holistically.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Two questions, please. First, nice to see a bit of margin expansion in the quarter after you hadn't really promised any necessarily this year. I just wonder if there's any updated thoughts on what we could expect for margins, particularly having seen you attain your margin target last year. And then secondly, it might be a little bit philosophical, but seeing that the moderation in economies in emerging markets, I'm wondering if you can gauge whether emerging market ad spending might follow the typical cyclical patterns that we see in the U.S. and Europe, or if by contrast, and I get the sense this is what's happening, at least in China, just the structural growth in consumer spending means there just remains strong demand for your services.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I'll say...
John D. Wren: Yes. I should've written down the question, sorry.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, in -- on margins, we had a really good quarter. Our agencies are making great progress and are very focused on finding internal efficiencies. I don't think, at this point, we're making promises on margins any different than we said before, but we're very happy with the work that's been done in the quarter and are going to continue to put all the focus we can on finding every efficiency possible.
John D. Wren: The only thing I might add to that is, as we look to the third and the fourth quarter, we're not internally forecasting margin improvement, but we're not -- when you compare just those quarters, but we're not forecasting that they'll be down. So the gains we've had in the first 6 months will flow through. And your second philosophical question?
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Should I repeat the second one? Maybe I shouldn't have said philosophical. It's a scary word. It's just understanding kind of the cyclical versus the structural growth trends in emerging markets. So whether we get moderation in economies in China, Brazil, India, whatever the countries may be, does that lead to moderation in ad spending, as we typically see in the U.S. and Europe? Or by contrast, is there just enough strong structural growth and consumer spending growth in these markets that your business could remain just fine?
John D. Wren: If you -- I think in our situation, it's slightly different. In the United States, we're very large, so we are impacted by GDP and track it. In some of those other markets, we don't have as much market share, and we still have the opportunity to get -- gain new clients, as well as be impacted by their economic situation. So we haven't tried to drill down and understand every nuance about the difference between 7.5% and 8.5% growth in China because, for instance, we still have the opportunity to win new business. So philosophically, we haven't spent the energy just trying to gauge that impact because we haven't reached 100% market share yet.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Our client -- depends on the market as well, but our client base, I think, at this point, is largely focused on getting themselves more and more entrenched and established in those markets. So I would think that their spending patterns won't exactly follow the economy, which is good for us. It basically is saying that the structural growth kind of outweighs the cyclical growth.
John D. Wren: Yes.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Or cyclical patterns.
John D. Wren: And I've never said this before, but I'm sure one of my competitors is prepared to tell the Chinese what their growth will be for the next year, so you might ask the question of them.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we have one -- time for one more question.
Operator: And that will be from the line of Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you're more comfortable with the full year but are still reviewing the plan. You spoke a little bit about how you're coming in slightly ahead year-to-date on the margins. What's your level of comfort and increased confidence in terms of the top line momentum? Or is it really just the conversion of that into profitability?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we had the toughest headwinds in the first half of the year, so if I go through and if we're right about those headwinds and that they just disappear, and it wasn't shift -- money shifted around, I think we feel pretty good with where we're at through the first 6 months. So that gives us more confidence in the numbers that we were talking about for the full year.
John D. Wren: But you know just from following us, we're constantly doing bottoms up and then looking at what we're doing. So whilst confident, we're not ones to overpromise at this point.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I definitely appreciate that. We still have a half of year to go. I'm just trying to understand, I mean, things seem to be certainly on track through this first 6 months, and some of the parts of the business are de-risked, and you're executing well. Just trying to understand what you think the risks are through the back half of the year and what could prevent a situation where we're not sitting here in January and you're telling us that you came in slightly ahead of what your formal plan had been?
Randall J. Weisenburger: There's always the fairly big number every year in Q4 -- at the very end of Q4. It's very difficult for us to predict if it -- if that spending pattern follows, I'll say, historic patterns, then we're going to be in -- we're going to have a very -- we're going to have a good year. We're going to certainly be able to achieve our targets and all the numbers that we've talked about. But it always makes us nervous, because frankly, those numbers don't start to solidify until late in the fourth quarter. So could that -- could something affect that? Sure, it could. We don't expect it will, because frankly, the historic patterns are fairly consistent, but it's difficult to forecast.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. You also had mentioned the strong performance of your specialty health care practice. Is that -- how much of that is related to agency performance as opposed to -- I'm just trying to get color on whether you think that, broadly speaking, health care marketing has reached the point where you're seeing overall growth industry-wide at this point.
John D. Wren: Well, I mean, we have had some new business wins. I think when you get outside the United States, especially in emerging markets, I think there's a lot of potential growth for health care and health care spending, especially as people move up into the middle class or what they call the middle class. The limitation on our side will be, can we find the talent and train people to take that business, not whether it's healthier. It's not healthier. I believe it's very healthy, and it's an opportunity if we can execute against it in the correct marketplace.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We also won some very good pieces of new business last year, some pitches that were out there. And the revenue didn't really come through. The spending didn't come through to drive it. I think we're starting to see some of that now. Looking at some of our peers' numbers, they are mentioning that health care is strong for them as well. I'm not sure if it's as strong as ours or not. I haven't compared the relative numbers, but they're talking about health care positively. So I would guess, hearing that market commentary, that the health care category is picking up in spending, which makes some sense when I tie together some of the wins we had last year and the numbers sort of not showing up then but they're showing up now and the overall backdrop. So it has traditionally been a very good space. It seems like we're back on that track. Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig Huber Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included at the end of the presentation. I'd like to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that those statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ. We also want to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. Now we're going to begin the call with brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then we'll open up the call for questions.
John D. Wren: Thank you for joining us this morning. I'm pleased to speak to you about our latest business results and the progress we're making against our key financial and strategic initiatives. 2013 is off to a good start. Organic growth was 2.9% for the quarter. Our margin performance and free cash flow were on plan. On our year-end results call, I said we expected modest growth for 2013. Our expectations have not changed. Today, the global economy appears to be operating at 3 speeds. Asia and Latin America remain strong, the U.S. continues to experience slow but steady growth and the most challenging region continues to be the Eurozone. Against this backdrop, we have sharpened our focus on things we can control. We are working with our agencies in key markets to take advantage of growth opportunities as they arise, and our managers remain focused on controlling our cost structure. I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing some of the strategies that are essential to our growth. First, acquiring and retaining the best talent; second, expanding our geographic footprint and service offerings to our clients; third, continuing to invest in our digital and analytical capabilities in all key markets around the world; and finally, delivering innovative and integrated solutions based on meaningful consumer insights. Our ongoing investments in our recruitment initiatives, talent management and training programs are helping us increase the diversity and skills of the many talented individuals at our agencies. Across our organization, we are also focused on supporting our clients' efforts to grow their business in markets around the world. We are expanding our geographic footprint in rapidly growing economies in Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East through prudent acquisitions and focused organic investments. Meeting our clients' needs is the first test for all our acquisitions and investments, followed by cultural fit and price. We remain steadfast in this approach. As the pace of innovation accelerates, new platforms are emerging on almost a daily basis. Experience tells us that these platforms will come and go in shorter and shorter cycles. We've adapted an open-source approach to partnering with media, data and research companies. This strategy allows us to employ the latest technologies, and at the same time, reduces our investments in or acquisitions of technology that may become outdated. Another important benefit of this strategy is that many of these technologies are enabling us to capture, filter and analyze large amounts of data, transforming the way our agencies leverage information to drive business results for our clients. Annalect, our primary data and analytics business, is aggressively working with our agencies, clients and partners to collect data in real time and convert it into actionable consumer insights. Executing on our core strategies, investing in talent, digital and analytical capabilities, expanding our footprint and service capabilities and delivering actionable insights and integrated solutions will allow us to further excel in innovation, creativity and grow the company. Now I'd like to turn my attention to the first quarter. As I mentioned, organic growth globally was up 2.9%. With the exception of the euro markets, all of our major regions experienced solid growth. By regions, the U.S. had 4.1% organic growth. We remain optimistic that the U.S. economy will continue to improve for the balance of the year. In Europe, the U.K. experienced organic growth of 2.3%. Euro markets had negative organic growth of 3.7%. Almost every year, a country is being impacted by the broad economic slump in the region. At this point, we expect volatility to continue, as France makes adjustments to reach budget objectives and Germany prepares for federal elections this September. Our European agencies outside the euro currency markets turned in positive results, as did our businesses in Asia and Latin America. I will now turn the call back to Randy, who will take you through our numbers in more detail.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. Q1 was a good start to the new year. Revenue came in at just below $3.4 billion, which was an increase of 2.8%. Organic growth was at the high end of our expectations for this quarter at 2.9%. I'll address our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes. EBITDA and operating income. Due to the continued efforts of our agency management teams in controlling our cost structures, EBITDA increased 2.7% to $397 million, and our EBITDA margin was 11.7%, which was in line with Q1 of last year. Operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 2.5% to $372 million, and the resulting operating margin was 10.9%. Slide 2 addresses the items below operating income. First, net interest expense for the quarter was $40.9 million, up $11.7 million from Q1 of last year, but up only $600,000 from Q4. The year-over-year increase is primarily due to interest expense on the $1.25 billion of 10-year notes we issued in Qs 2 and 3 of last year. On the tax front, our reported rate for the quarter was 33%, up slightly from Q1 last year. As we mentioned during our call in February, resulting benefit from our Asia-Pac reorganization should bring our normal operating tax rate down to about 33.6% for the full year. Also this quarter, we had a couple of small onetime or discrete items that impacted the rate positively. Earnings from our affiliates increased to $3.2 million this quarter, and the allocation of earnings to the minority shareholders and our less than fully owned subsidiaries decreased $1.7 million to $19.7 million, mainly as the result of the performance of our European operation. As a result of all of that, net income was $205 million for the quarter. On Slide 3, we show the allocation of net income to common shareholders and to participating securities, which for us is our restricted stock. Year-over-year, the amount increased by $900,000. This chart also shows our diluted share count. As a result of our ongoing focus on returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases, our diluted share count for the quarter was down year-over-year about 5.2%. The combination of net income and reduced share count resulted in diluted EPS of $0.76 per share. On the next few slides, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX, on a year-over-year basis, the dollar strengthened against the yen, British pound, real, the Aussie dollar and the rupee, and it weakened against the Euro, the RMB, the sing dollar and the yuan. The net result reduced our revenue for the quarter by 0.06%, or about $20 million. Looking ahead, if the FX rates stay at current levels, the impact on revenue will be negative about 20 basis points in Q2 and about the same amount for the full year. Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue by $15.4 million in the quarter, or about 0.05%. Looking ahead, if we don't complete another acquisition, we would expect net acquisition revenue to remain marginally positive in Q2. Now with regard to organic revenue growth, it was a very solid quarter, up 2.9%, or about $96 million. As I mentioned, the performance was at the high-end of our expectations coming into the quarter. I should also point out, but I believe most of you already know, we're up against pretty strong comps from the first half of last year, where we had over 5% organic growth each quarter. Turning to our mix of business on Slide 5. Brand advertising accounted for 49% of our revenue and marketing services, 51%. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising was up 6.1%, led by continuing strong performance in our media businesses, and our marketing services sector was up 0.01%. Within marketing services, CRM was down in the quarter. Strength in our field marketing businesses domestically, as well as in China, was offset in part by the performance of our events businesses, which last year benefited from Olympics-related activities. Public relations was up 1.9%, reflecting improved performance in our markets outside of Europe and specialty communications was up 1% overall. While our recruiting businesses continue to be down, our health care businesses had a very solid quarter, driven by strong new business performance. Turning to Slide 6. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split 53%, domestic; and 47%, international. In the United States, revenue increased $72 million, or 4.2%. Organic growth remained very strong at 4.1%, or $70 million, again, led this quarter by the strong performance of our media business, and acquisitions net of dispositions was marginally positive, adding $2.2 million. International revenue increased $19 million, or 1.2%. As I mentioned, FX continued to have a negative impact, resulting in a decline of 1.2%, or about $20 million. Acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue by $13 million and organic growth, in aggregate, was positive $26 million, or 1.6%, but again, organic growth continues to be extremely mixed by market. In our larger European markets, Russia, Turkey and the U.K. had positive performances. In the Eurozone, Spain continued to do well, while France and Germany were both down. In aggregate, the Euro countries were down 3.7%. In Asia, we continue to have strong performances across the region, with China, Hong Kong, India, Japan and Singapore leading our effort, and in Latin America, our operation in Brazil continues to lead the region. Slide 7 shows our mix of business by industry. On a percentage basis, there were no significant changes in our mix of business this quarter compared to Q1 of 2012. As for growth rates, we had good performances in consumer products, technology, pharma and T&E sectors. On the other side of the spectrum, financial services continues to be difficult. Turning to Slide 8. Our cash performance in the quarter was in line with our expectations. We generated approximately $302 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. On Slide 9, you can see the breakdown of our primary uses of cash during the quarter. They included dividends paid to our minority interest shareholders of $23 million, capital expenditures of $38 million. Acquisitions, including earnout payments net of proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled $17 million and share repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $238 million. As you may recall, we accelerated the payment of our Q4 dividend from early January to December. As a result, there was no dividend payment in Q1. So all in, we outspent our free cash flow by about $15 million in the quarter. Slide 10 shows our current capital structure. Year-over-year, our total debt increased to $4.46 billion, almost entirely related to the $1.25 billion of 10-year senior notes we issued during Q2 and Q3 of 2012. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.37 billion, which was an increase of around $680 million from last year. The year-over-year increase was due to our share repurchase activity last year and an increase in working capital at the end of Q1, which was mostly the result of the quarter ending on the Easter holiday. As a result of the increased debt, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio increased to 2.1x and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.1x. Our interest coverage ratio remains very strong at 11x. On Slide 11, both our return on invested capital and return on equity continue to lead the industry and both increased further for the last 12 months. Our return on invested capital increased to 17.7% and our return on equity improved to almost 30%. And finally, on Slide 12, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders. As you can see, for the period from 2002 to the just completed quarter, the cumulative return of cash to shareholders has now matched our cumulative net income for the same period at $9.3 billion. This is largely the result of our share repurchase activities. However, over the last couple of years, we've made a point to significantly increase our dividend payout ratio. And that concludes our prepared remarks. There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation, but at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of James Dix with Wedbush Securities.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Two questions. I guess, if you could give any comments on the changes at Chevrolet and then just looking beyond the auto category. How do you see the current environment in terms of opportunities to pick up large-scale new business? And then second, when it comes to application of data for your clients, has it generally been more about providing the same impact in terms of whatever KPIs are important for those clients at a lower cost? Or are you seeing opportunities to actually apply data to uncover new demand at a similar cost?
John D. Wren: With respect to Chevrolet, there are 2 components of it of the business that we have with them. One was the advertising business with Goodby Silverstein and the other was with another agency called 720. 720 continues its relationship with Chevy and Commonwealth, and for the quarter, there wasn't any impact at all. And most of the analytics that -- it's a very broad question. What we're able to do and increasingly able to do is do better targeting, grab better insights, and that's what most of the work has been focused on with respect to the majority of the work we're doing in that area.
Randall J. Weisenburger: New business -- big opportunities in new business come across periodically, and I think our agencies do very well at it. Where I think we really excel is, frankly, the day in and day out, it's agencies coming up with innovative solutions, innovative ways of bringing new ideas to the clients that continue to drive our growth and importance to the client and hopefully help drive the clients' results over time.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Just one follow-up. So I take it that the changes at Chevrolet have not had a material impact on your outlook for growth this year?
John D. Wren: No, nor could they.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: When you guys look at your U.S.-based multinational clients, have they been shifting money out of Europe maybe to faster-growing markets and generally keeping the budget intact? Or is Europe pressuring their global spend?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It's not something that we track quite that way. I would probably hypothesized that most companies have to manage their global P&L. So obviously, if people have difficulties in one market, no different than for us, with negative organic growth in Europe, it certainly puts pressure on the company globally because, again, we're reporting one set of numbers. We're breaking the numbers out, but the aggregate performance is what counts.
John D. Wren: And I might add that, and this is not necessarily responsive to the question you had asked, but Europe is still a big market. There's still a lot of that activity that goes on in Europe, and it's going to continue. It's not growing at the moment, but the growth is marginal when you compare it to the base.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And also, Randy, auto has been a strong category for you, at least through the last 12 months before the March quarter. Is the weakness primarily from Europe or is growth just normalizing there?
Randall J. Weisenburger: We basically had a flat quarter in auto, and it will be consistent. I always told people you shouldn't look at one quarter's numbers, especially when you break it down into small segments. It could be timing. It could be a lot of things that are impacting the number, and again, the numbers -- flat isn't -- it's not stellar. It's not -- we're not looking for flat numbers, but flat is not bad.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research.
Craig Huber: I've got a couple of housekeeping questions first. I mean, typically, you'll talk about your new client billings for the quarter. I guess your normal goal was about $1 billion on net basis. How did that performed in the quarter? And I also wanted to ask, can you break apart your salary and service cost line versus your office and general expense line, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. So net new business was just over $1 billion. So it wasn't a stellar quarter, but it was a solid quarter. So I said a lot of that's made up of a large number of small wins and expansions with clients. And the breakout of salary and service and office in general, salary and service was $2,533,600,000 and office, in general, was $493,600,000.
Craig Huber: And then also, John or Randy, your expectation for modest organic growth this year, just to sort of parse those at you, is that sort of like 3% to 3.5% growth you're sort of expecting for this year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, it wasn't a guidance, but the discussion we had at the end of the year and last quarter was we expect -- we felt -- we think this year kind of feels like 2012, except for the Olympics. And we thought the Olympics probably added maybe 1/2 to 3/4 of a point. So if that works out exactly, that will be sort of in that 3% to 3.5% range.
Craig Huber: And then lastly, if I could, when you think about the outlook here for the remaining part of the year for your euro-denominated markets, is your sense that things are getting a little bit worse there, a little bit better? What's your sort of sense there for sort of what's your expectation what happened here in the last quarter?
John D. Wren: I think Europe's going through a difficult time, and I think everybody, and it's been discussed at length, the troubles that Southern Europe's having. Our business is stabilized, I would say, in the south. And now what we saw in the first quarter was setbacks in France and in Germany, which are bigger markets for us, but not overwhelmingly large. And in addition to the concern that's in Europe, you have France trying to meet its budget objectives, and you have the Germans preparing for federal elections in September, and they are the banker to Europe, so there's a bit of conservatism there. So it can improve. I know in the future, it will improve. I don't know how fast. I don't know if it's going to happen within the next 2 quarters or in the next year, but you have a sense that they'll work their way through it.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Any color you can give us on how you're doing in terms of protecting profitability in the euro market, given the weakness there? I know it's not an easy market to necessarily make short-term cuts in. And then just following up on your comment about the softness in CRM in the quarter being from the difficult comps in the event business, can you remind us how long those comps last or should we see better numbers maybe in Q2?
Randall J. Weisenburger: The tough comps on some of the CRM businesses really runs through the first half, probably even a little bit more in the second quarter than the first quarter. As far as margins in Europe go, it's very difficult to manage margins. I think our agencies are doing a good job. They have to continue to do a good job. Certainly, in a negative organic growth rate environment is extremely difficult for service companies to hold their margins. Again, our agencies have, I think, done fairly well, but they need to stay focused even though it's tough.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question I have, John and Randy, we all sort of hang on every single word of yours on these conference calls, including the tone. And as I remember, at the beginning of the year when you spoke in an Investor Conference, the market read some of your comments as having an improved tone over what you had said at the end of the fourth quarter. Now I know you're not changing your non-guidance for the full year organic growth, but are you feeling any differently about your outlook, which includes modest growth now relative to what you felt just couple of months ago? And then I have a couple of questions.
John D. Wren: In the first instance, I'm impressed. My wife doesn't listen to me as closely as you do. We see what you're seeing in the newspapers. It's present. There are difficulties around the world when you look at 90-day chunks of time. It's difficult to -- I don't see anything breaking out or -- to significantly change that short-term view. It's important for us because not only are we managing the upside because we have a pretty good track record of taking advantage of opportunities as they present themselves, but setting the tone for our 70,000-odd people in making certain that they have reasonable expectations and, as Randy suggested a few minutes ago, continue to be vigilant about the cost that they have. When you look further out past this year, I am more hopeful that we're going to have steady progress, and it's going to lead to increased growth over time.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And in case it's different or in case I sound different, my tone is basically it's intended to be the same. There are a lot of really good things going on around Omnicom. There's some great innovative ideas that different of our agencies are executing against, utilizing new technologies and new mediums that I find extremely interesting and exciting and I think that it's fun to be around, seeing that level of innovation, I'll say. There's some definitely difficult economic environment and it's our third or fourth year of that, which is very difficult. It's much more fun to manage service businesses with a 7% or 8% or even a 4% or 5% GDP growth environment, pretty consistent in every market around the world. We don't have that. We knew that coming in. We haven't had it for the last 2 years. Those agencies have to manage. The good news is, I think, with the innovation that our agencies have, they're finding ways of growing their businesses and expanding, which does make it enjoyable to be around.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then the quick follow-up would just be around gross buybacks. You've provided the net number. Can you give us the gross number on the call?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, we're going to have to look for that one though for a minute. Why don't I -- why don't we go on to the next question and I'll -- well, hold on, maybe we've got it. It's faster than I expected. Gross buybacks were 4,992,000-some-odd shares.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry, 4,992,000, okay, average price or dollar amount?
Randall J. Weisenburger: 4,992,000 shares. It will take me a second to give you the dollar amount.
John D. Wren: Okay.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Oh, what's the average share price? Let me just do it off that. $273.5 million.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I have one company specific question and one industry question, please. First of all, sorry to dig up something that has come up many times in the past, but just noticing a couple of puts on converts coming up in June and July. Any commentary on your approach to those? And industry-wise, I just wonder if you can talk a minute about media measurement. There's been a lot of discussion lately about possible changes to the TV rating system that Nielsen runs. There is a lot of things going on with online ratings, perhaps contrasting with all of the data that Google or Facebook, whoever else maybe able to provide. And I just wonder if you could talk generally about your view on media measurement and how it affects your businesses, please.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I'll give -- let me first answer the converts. So the converts have been good securities for us that we like. We'll go through, like we do each time, a put or a call period comes up, and evaluate them and make what we think is the right economic decision. I haven't done that yet for this one, for this put date that's coming up, but again, the converts have been good securities for us for a long period of time. I'll let John comment on the media measurement. I'll give you the backdrop, though, that I always give everybody. Media's very important piece of our business. It's about 12% of our revenue, in aggregate, globally. I think our firms are extremely bright and on top of all the changes and will certainly adjust whatever is necessary in their business and utilize all of the measurements and technology capabilities and changes that occur. So I can't really believe a change one way or the other is going to affect their overall business as it affects us in any significant way.
John D. Wren: And what I'd add to that is that the environment is fluid. The conversation is -- and there's quite a bit of conversation about changes in measurement and also more -- some of the methodologies which are being brought into the marketplace to measure social and other types of contact with consumers. I feel a little funny because at 6:00 last night, I was about to sit down and be brief for a different reason on this, brought completely up to date on this topic and I had to cut the meeting short. So I'd have to defer really to my media experts and they're not present this morning. We'll find out and come back to you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First of all, if you look back over the last couple of years, pretty much industry-wide, the BRIC markets and some of the other large emerging markets have put up organic growth in the double-digit range. I think investors generally believe that we've obviously got strong nominal GDP growth, but the other kicker in there has been that marketing as a percent of GDP has been increasing. Wonder if you could offer a view on whether you think that trend is likely to continue, particularly in the bigger markets, the BRIC markets? Or whether we might see a maturing, if you will, and perhaps a slacking of growth there to a level that more closely resembles nominal GDP? And then secondly, a housekeeping question, I wonder if you could tell us the level of severance expense in this quarter versus first quarter of last year?
John D. Wren: Sure. Again, I might -- sorry to -- somebody's not in the room. I'm not -- the growth has been great in the BRIC markets, and it continues to be strong. I have never placed the same reliance on statistics coming from those markets as I have in the more developed markets. So I'm not sure we're comparing apples to apples. I think you can see and watch GDP-reported numbers and other types of information, whereas the car sales were down 10% across Europe and they're building new car plants in China. So there's a lot of tangible real evidence, but I haven't found statistics that I would run the business off of.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think there's -- if you agree with some of the general theories, marketing is really tied to discretionary GDP, and I think in high-growth markets, discretionary GDP -- some of those BRIC markets, discretionary GDP, as a percentage of GDP, is increasing. I think marketing will be more closely tied to that. Our business in many of those markets is more highly tied today to, I'll say, nonlocal clients, so large multinational clients trying to establish their presence. They are probably investment spending there to build their market positions, which will benefit us as well. And the third comment, because everyone always uses BRICs, my personal view, Brazil is a very sophisticated marketing market already.
John D. Wren: As is China.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And I'm not quite sure I would put it in sort of the same category as some of the other emerging markets just because it's as sophisticated as it already is. To flip and answer your severance question, it's -- severance this quarter was about $17 million, down about $1 million or so year-over-year.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Robert Fishman with Nomura.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: If I could just follow-up on the rest of the world on the revenue question. Are there any particular territories that are dragging down the growth from that historical double-digit range to this mid-single digits? Or should we think about this as kind of the new run rate going forward?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I'm not sure that I understand the question.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So historically, the rest of the world has been growing in the double-digit range. Now we've had 2 consecutive quarters of mid-single-digit growth, so I'm just kind of curious if there's any particular territory that's part of -- that makes up the rest of the world. We talked about the BRICs, Brazil, is there any particular territory that's dragging down that growth? Or is it just kind of the new run rate going forward?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I have to say off the top of my head, I don't know how -- I don't know how to answer to your question. Why don't I think about it a little bit? I'm going to have to probably -- I'll call you back after I've had a chance to go through the numbers, and see if I -- I think there's something that would allow me to answer the question better.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And can I just maybe ask one more on the cost side? So with the cost savings going on in office and general line, is that the right way to think about the rest of the year there, to help offset the increases in the salary expenses?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Some of that is timing. We certainly have a large number of programs going on to try to drive even further our efficiency in real estate occupancy and basically controllable costs. So hopefully, we'll continue to make progress on that line. We also want to make progress on the salary and service line obviously.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. The first one is managing around Europe, which I think you guys are doing pretty well, sounds like a real -- the biggest overhang you have for potential margin expansion in '13 and, frankly, maybe for '14. So what kind of normalized growth out of Europe do you think you need to see before the operating leverage toggle, switches back to where you can get some more operating leverage? And then the second question is, I guess, in the hanging-on-your-every-word category, Randy, I can't remember an earnings call where new business wasn't about $1 billion, and it actually kind of sounds like this quarter, but actually, I think one of the things you said was that you didn't think it was stellar. And given that it's not that different from the typical quarter, I think, I was just kind of looking for a little more color around that comment.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We certainly have some quarters where it's $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion. Generally, the way that the new business works, and keep in mind we have a large number of agencies and a large number of markets, and we're also a U.S.-centric and we hear about these big wins and losses, which you can get in a market like the United States, you can get when you have a global account and you get when it tends to be either the media headlines or obviously big numbers because it's big billings, and the creative accounts, the annual retainer-fee-type wins. Well, that's great, but PR wins, some of the event wins in -- especially in smaller markets a lot of those aren't even 7 figures, but there's a large number, and we have a large number of agencies and I used to describe it sort of as 3 yards and a cloud of dust. We have a lot of people doing great jobs, getting what appear to be relatively small assignments, but they are very important, meaningful assignments, especially in their markets and for their agencies. And so that 40- or 50-page list of net new business wins tends to be in the $600 million to $800 million range almost every quarter. That's because we get a large number of people out working pretty hard. And you end up getting a handful of bigger wins or -- and/or losses in the quarter that move the needle, that can move the needle more significantly. If you get a $300 million or $400 million win in a quarter, it obviously goes a long way. It takes a large number of those 6-figure wins to make up for that one $300 million or $400 million win or loss. So that's what tends to move the needle around. We would kind of expect, given our size of business, for the number to be around $1 billion and a better economic environment, probably more around $1.2 billion or so in a more positive economic time frame. And when that big win or loss comes around, the number gets up quite -- can get up quite a bit higher, but again, it's [indiscernible].
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So what was missing then was like some of the high-profile big wins or losses?
Randall J. Weisenburger: There wasn't a real big -- there weren't any real big wins and losses that I can think of in the quarter.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, you said in your opening remarks, you talked about sort of an open-platform approach to technology, and I think you said that you'd book to not acquire as many assets, but more partner with media tech, data firms. And I remember a few years ago, you guys announced a pretty big Google partnership that was maybe a step in this direction or maybe a different direction, but could you maybe add a little more color to that comment and how that might differentiate Omnicom with some of the other big holding company is it tend to be, I think, more acquisitive on the technology side, data side? And correct me if you think that's wrong, and whether that's -- this strategy, you think, pays off in terms of growth or returns or profitability for Omnicom that investors might see over time?
John D. Wren: Sure. I can't -- starting with part of your question, I can't give you the strategies of my competitors because I can only observe them as you do. But philosophically, when a new platform is introduced, we're most interested initially in the learnings that come from it and whether or not it's applicable or is going to make our insights about consumers better or drive more sales on behalf of our clients. A very long, long, long time ago, when the Internet was first introduced, we had a view that, gee, if we bought 20% or 30% of any and every company, it would be a wonderful thing because we'd have a seat at the table and learn more than the rest of the marketplace. Over time, we decided that some of those investments are really good. Some of them weren't. We didn't necessarily learn anymore than anyone else because those companies had the mission of trying to grow themselves, and they'd sell and disperse their information to whomever would be willing to buy it. So we decided to get out of the investment business and stay focused on trying to invest in companies that we believe have a long-term purpose in this ever-changing and more rapidly changing process. Because we're as big as we are, everyone comes knocking on our door so we have access to look at, and often times, access to do 1 or 2 things, either partner with to make sure that what we believe the individual company will do will in fact turn out to be successful or we have the ability to make an investment in it. We've elected to deal with quite a number of different platforms, not make a judgment as to whether or not it was a good financial investment because our primary interest is to service our clients. Where we do develop long-term relationships and we do see a particular service being part of the immediate future, we would, in fact, sit down and make an investment, but we just don't run it -- we stay focused on what we're good at. We don't try to get into the venture capital business, I guess. Probably, you can add whatever you like, Randy.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, I think that summed it up. We want to partner with the best technologies that are out there to bring those technologies with our insights and, I'll say, marketing insights, consumer insights and service capabilities to our clients. Today, there's a large number of technologies being developed for relatively narrow purposes. We obviously have a large number of clients with lots of different objectives. We want to bring the right technology to bear for the right client at the right time. We don't necessarily need to own the tech to do that. We need to know how to utilize the tech for our clients' advantage.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And if I could maybe squeeze one more in, Randy. The year is off to a decent start. I know you didn't change your sort of full year outlook, but would you be willing to give us a sense for how much sort of additional revenue growth would then lead to a change in your margin expectations? I think they're flat year-over-year for the year, I mean, would 100, 150 basis points of improvement sort of move the needle for you guys? Or do you think that you've sort of -- you've capped the margin outlook in the right balance?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think for right now, we're pretty happy with our margin performance and the, I'll say, a current year objective of flat margins in the current economic environment. So I mean, your question was how much improvement. If it was the right improvement and the right locations, I could see margins expanding. But as I mentioned before, it's very difficult to manage margins in a negative organic growth environment like it's around Europe, and, frankly, the volatility of organic growth is what's difficult. If we had uniform 3% organic growth across every agency around Omnicom, frankly, that would be an easier environment than now, where we have agencies with high organic growth rates, and, frankly, at times that becomes difficult to manage their margins too because it's been a probably high-cost or rising-cost economic environment, as well as the places where it's negative or more difficult economic growth.
John D. Wren: I think the only thing that I would add, especially this morning, having learned that everybody listens to every one of our words, is what Randy said is absolutely spot on. But in the answer, don't interpret it to be that we're satisfied with our margins, we're not. We're constantly going agency by agency, region by region to find out, re-examine the way we're doing business, to find out whether or not there's a more efficient way to do business. So the quest has not stopped, even though your question had more to do with guidance, I think.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, and, frankly, to go on John's point, our agencies have to do a very significant amount of work each year to continuously find efficiencies in order to hold their margins, let alone improve their margins.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My question's more of industry orientation as well and a bit more of a mid- to longer-term view. On 2 verticals, on auto, where we're past the domestic bankruptcies now, that first wave of new model launches and sort of settling in, but still working back to sort of prerecession levels of spending. I'd be interested to see how you expect that industry to work through over the next couple of years. And then secondly, the health care vertical, where I know we've been talking a lot in past quarters about some big drugs coming off patent, and maybe where you see the pipeline coming in and potentially that vertical coming back a bit more aggressively in the next few years.
John D. Wren: The U.S. auto companies, our auto numbers are global auto numbers, to begin with. So we see the U.S. increasingly moving back to what was normal prior to the bankruptcies, as you say, and the setbacks, and the products improving that are being produced by the domestic auto players.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And we're pretty fortunate in the auto category. We got a -- we have a broad range of services. We have sort of multi-disciplined global clients. We have 3 extremely strong clients that are right now growing share on a global basis. So that certainly benefits us, and we have a broad range of services, other services that we provide in the auto category to various companies around the world. So we're not -- it's not just a U.S. question or a European question. Over the last 4 or 5 years, we've found our auto revenues to be pretty logically aligned with global unit sales. So it's a category that has been pretty rational. Health care lately, our agencies have actually picked up and we had a pretty good quarter this quarter overall in health care. It's hard for me to segment right now, quite this fast in the quarter, whether or not that's new business performance or industry performance. I have a feeling that it's our new business and agency performance as opposed to overall category performance.
John D. Wren: And just one final point to do with Omnicom. In terms of servicing major automakers, our limitation is more on the side of the number of agencies that we have that already have a car account. And we were at 100% capacity until recently, when Goodby ended its relationship with General Motors. On one side, that's a bad thing. On the other side, I have great confidence that it won't be too long before Goodby gets another major car account. So this quarter, it's troubled. Three quarters from now, it will be an opportunity for us, the way I view it, because that's been the experience that I've had in dealing with the agencies that we represent, so...
Randall J. Weisenburger: Okay, I think we're probably at or past 9:30. So first, thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call, and we'll be -- Shub [ph] or I or whoever will be happy to answer any questions if you still have some. Thank you again. Bye-bye.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gregory Stein David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter earnings call. We hope everyone had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release and our presentation covering the information that we'd be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. But before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on the last page of our investor presentation. I've also been asked to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that those statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ. We also want to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. Now we're going to begin the call with remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then we'll open the call up for questions.
John D. Wren: Good morning. I'm pleased to speak to you this morning about our fourth quarter business results and the progress we are making against our key strategic initiatives and my thoughts about the rest of the year. Hopefully, all of you had a chance to review our financial results and have seen our press release this morning, increasing our quarterly dividend 33% to $0.40 per share. Thanks to an exceptional list of clients and the commitment, talent and creativity of our people, we finished the fourth quarter and the full year 2012 in a very strong position. We enter into 2013 well prepared to respond to the continued changes in the marketplace. While the macroeconomic environment appears to be stabilizing and even improving in some areas, issues in several markets still remain unresolved. As a result, we plan for another year of modest global growth, but remain nimble enough to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. At this point in our planning, we remain focused on controlling our costs and increasing productivity. But we are cautiously optimistic as we look into the latter part of 2013 and into 2014. Let me discuss our key markets in more detail. In the U.S., the election has settled one set of questions, but the long-term fiscal imbalances and the mounting government debt still need to be addressed. The impending decisions to be made by Congress and the administration will impact overall economic growth this year. As we have proven in the past, our operations have consistently outperformed GDP in the U.S., and we are hopeful that the slow but steady economic improvements we have seen will continue. In Europe, we sense greater stability, but many markets remain weak and growth is likely to be slow for some time, as governments pursue structural changes in their economies and continue to operate with fiscal restraint. In the developing markets, we see stronger growth, particularly in Asia and Latin America, as those economies appear to be navigating well despite challenges in other parts of the world. For 2012, despite all the challenges offset in part by the Olympic contribution, we generated solid organic growth and achieved our margin objectives. Before getting into specifics of our fourth quarter and 2012, I'd like to highlight the strategies that have allowed us to continue to grow and achieve our results: first, our investment in the best talent; next is our expansion of our global footprint and moving into new service areas; third, investing in our digital and analytical capability and assets around the world; finally, we continue to deliver innovative and integrated solutions using meaningful consumer insights across disciplines and platforms for the benefit of our clients. Throughout the economic cycle, we have maintained our investments in our talent, development programs, and these will continue as a key priority across our company. It is this culture that allows our agencies to consistently attract the best talent, which, once again, was recognized around the world for their work in 2012. Let me mention just a few awards. Adweek named PHD Media Agency of the Year. DDB was Campaign's Advertising Network of the Year. BBDO finished first in the Gunn Report 2012 Most Awarded Agency Networks in the World for the seventh year in a row and topped The Big Won awards for the sixth consecutive year. Ketchum was named 2012 Agency of the Year by PRWeek. And in December, our agencies won a record number of creative awards at the 2012 Campaign Asia-Pacific and Greater China Agency of the Year awards held in Singapore and Shanghai, significantly outpacing our competition. I want to congratulate all of our employees and agencies for their outstanding creativity in 2012. During the year, we continue to expand our presence in key emerging markets through strategic acquisitions. Most recently, we completed the acquisition of Magnon Group, one of India's leading and most comprehensive digital agencies. And last year, we also completed the acquisition of NIM Digital, a leading agency in China specializing in media planning and buying, search and digital production services. And then, in the fourth quarter, we also acquired a number of companies that extended our capabilities in consumer insights and analytics. Equally as important as these acquisitions are the ongoing organic investments we are making in our networks and agencies. In 2012, our networks extended their geographic reach in countries including India, Indonesia, Pakistan and Vietnam and partnered with agencies in Miramar to support the efforts of our clients. Our agencies are also experimenting with new technologies and building new platforms at an astonishing pace. We continue to support them with the strategy that remains distinct in the industry by building our digital capabilities within our agencies, not beside them. From shopper marketing to CRM, to PR, to advertising and to media and across all of our disciplines, I am extremely pleased with the ability of our agencies to innovate and be leaders in using the new digital mediums and technologies to better service our clients. These new technologies are also generating terabytes of data that is changing the way advertisers buy and sell ads, target audiences and measure campaigns' effectiveness. At Annalect, Omnicom's primary data and analytical business, our team is aggressively working with partners and clients to collect this vast array of global and local data, centralize it, secure it, analyze it and translate it, empowering users to make better marketing decisions. And our agencies are hiring talent with new skills sets, such as PHDs, behavioral analysts and data scientists to provide actionable insights using this trove of data. These efforts are driving a tangible shift in how our agencies work together and are delivering benefits to our clients in the form of stronger, more consistent and ultimately, more effective communications. And they're allowing us to deliver integrated campaigns across disciplines and platforms. With that said, technologies will come and go at mach speed. We believe the world will become increasingly complex and fragmented. As a result, we've maintained an open partnership approach with technology leaders, as opposed to making bets on specific platforms. This approach allows us to have access to the latest technologies to adapt our services and seamlessly integrate digital within our clients' marketing strategy. Overall, these acquisitions, investments and partnerships serve multiple roles in supporting our strategic direction, expand our footprint, increase our talent base and deepen our capabilities. We've made tremendous progress in 2012, and we will continue to pursue these strategies in 2013 and beyond. Now I want to talk briefly about how our efforts impacted the fourth quarter and 2012. Organic growth in the fourth quarter was 2.7%. This performance was driven by both the U.S. and international markets, with the notable exception of the euro countries, which was a drag on growth. For the full year, organic growth was a very strong 4%. Randy will cover the performance market by market during his remarks. On the margin front, we'd achieved our target margin for the year of 13.4%. As you know, this was the result of a thorough process to review our portfolio of businesses and drive operational improvements that began at the end of 2010. Even with this progress, we will continue to pursue operational improvements on an agency-by-agency basis in 2013. Looking at our capital structure and use of cash during 2012. We continued to look for ways to maximize the use of our strong cash flows, while maintaining a solid balance sheet, and we were successful on both counts. For the year, we returned over $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while our credit ratings and leverage ratios remained extremely strong. Since 2002, we have returned approximately 99% of net income to our shareholders. Looking forward, our philosophy on use of cash will be consistent with our past practices. We will deliver steady cash payments through our dividends. With our announcement to increase our dividend this morning, we have doubled our dividend per share since 2010. We will seek acquisitions that expand our capabilities in new practice areas and markets, and we will continue to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases. Similarly, our core strategies to achieve growth remain the same: finding and retaining the best talent; build a presence in markets that matter today and into the future; improve operating margins through greater productivity; and create deep expertise and partnerships in consumer insights, analytics, social, mobile and other emerging platforms. As I visit our agencies, I'm consistently impressed by the high caliber of talent that we have, from management on down. Our talent pool is also expanding as we grow our geographic footprint in developing markets. Omnicom today operates at over 100 countries around the world. Our focus on expanding our local presence is allowing us to better serve our global clients and is giving us access to local clients in the developing markets that may be the next decade's biggest brands. Even as we expand, we are driving greater collaboration and integration across our organization and particularly for our largest clients. As a result, we are seeing better communication, more insights, better creative and better business results on behalf of our clients. I'll now turn the call back to Randy, who will take you through the numbers.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. It was a good quarter and a good year. There certainly was a lot going on this past year, with the Olympics, the U.S. elections, a sustained economic recession across much of Europe and at best, a lackluster recovery in the U.S., to mention a few. But through it all, I think our agencies performed exceptionally well. And as John pointed out, they again led the industry in each of the major markets around the world from a creative and innovation perspective. They led the industry in organic growth by delivering innovative solutions to their clients using both new and established technologies. And through relentless focus on cost control, they were able to return our aggregate operating margins to their prerecession levels. Now for the quarter. Due to stronger-than-expected organic growth, revenue for the quarter came in a little better than we had expected, up 2.4% to $3.9 billion. And that resulted in full year revenue of $14.2 billion, which was an increase of 2.5%. Organic growth for the quarter was 2.7% and was just over 4% for the full year. Due to the outstanding efforts of our agency management teams in controlling cost, EBITDA was very strong, increasing 12.3% to $574 million for the quarter. Margins were 14.5%, up about 120 basis points from last year. And as expected, due to the combination of solid organic growth and our agencies' focus on containing cost, we were able to return our full year EBITDA margin to our 2007 level of 13.4%. Similarly, operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 12.4% to $548 million, and our resulting operating margin was 13.9%, also a year-over-year improvement of about 120 basis points. On Slide 2, we'll address the items below operating income. First, net interest expense for the quarter was $40.3 million, up $10 million from Q4 of last year and effectively unchanged from Q3. The year-over-year increase is due to interest on the $1.25 billion of 10-year notes we issued in Q2 and Q3, then partially offset by additional interest income earned on our cash balances. Next is taxes. Our effective tax rate decreased to 27% for Q4 and to 31.8% for the full year. There were several items, both positive and negative, that impacted our taxes this quarter. The 2 larger items were: first, income tax expense was reduced by $53 million, primarily as a result of the completion in Q4 of a reorganization of our holdings in the Asia Pacific region. As a result, our unremitted earnings in the affected countries in the region will be subject to a lower effective tax rate. Accordingly, we reduced our deferred tax liabilities to reflect these lower rates. And second, we took a tax charge of approximately $16 million in the quarter related to our an ongoing state and local tax audit. The good news, going forward, we expect the recurring benefit of the reorganization to be approximately $11 million per year, which should bring our normal operating tax rate down from 34.3% to about 33.6%. Next, income from equity method investments or affiliates was down about $34 million from last year. In the quarter, we recorded an impairment charge related to our investment in an affiliate in Egypt. While the affiliate continues to be one of the leading agency groups in Egypt, due to the political and economic issues in the country over the past couple of years, this financial performance has lagged. As a result, we determined that our investment was impaired, and we took a charge of $29.2 million. Excluding the impairment, income from our equity method investments declined by $4.5 million, in part because we no longer record affiliate income from our Turkish affiliate after making an additional investment, which resulted in that agency becoming a consolidated subsidiary. The balance was due to a combination of FX and operating performance. And finally, income allocated to noncontrolling interest or our minority partners increased by $1.2 million. That was mostly related to the positive performance of those agencies. As a result, net income for Q4 increased 12.9% to $307 million, bringing our full year net income up to $998 million. On Slide 3, we show the allocation of net income to common shareholders and to participating securities for [ph] our restricted stock. Net income for common shareholders increased 11.7% to $300 million. This chart also shows our diluted share count. As a result of our ongoing share repurchase activities, our diluted share count for the quarter was down year-over-year about 5.3%. The combination of increased net income and reduced share count resulted in diluted EPS of $1.13, which was a 17.7% increase. On the next few slides, we'll take a closer look at our revenue performance, first, with regard to FX. Unlike in previous quarters, in Q4, the dollar had mixed performance. Some of the larger markets that the dollar weakened against include the British pound, the Canadian dollar, the renminbi and the Aussie dollar; and the larger markets having a negative impact include the euro, the real, the rupee and the yen. The net result reduced our revenue for the quarter by 0.7% or about $28 million. Looking ahead, if FX rate stays at their current levels, the FX impact on revenue would be minimal in Q1 and would be marginally positive for full year 2013. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased our revenue by $15 million in the quarter or 0.4%. We completed 5 new acquisitions in the quarter, and I believe, 14 over the course of the year. At this point, if we don't complete another acquisition or disposition, we expect net acquisition revenue to be positive about 50 basis points in Q1 and would be positive about 20 basis points for the full year. With regard to organic revenue growth, as I mentioned, it was a little bit stronger than we had expected coming into the quarter, but performance has been increasingly mixed by market and industry sector. Overall, organic growth was positive 2.7% or about $105 million in the quarter. In general, we have performed well in North America, South America, Asia and Russia, but Europe weakened further in a number of markets. And our new business performance continue to be solid in the quarter, with net wins of right around $1 billion. Turning to our mix of business on Slide 5. Brand advertising accounted for 49% of our revenue, and marketing services, 51%. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising was up 5.4%, driven by continued strong growth in our media businesses, emerging markets and new technology services, and marketing services was up 0.2%. Within marketing services, CRM was down 1.6% in the quarter, in part due to weakness in Europe and in part due to the performance of our field marketing businesses. Public relations had a great quarter, up 8.4%. Our large PR networks have been doing well for a couple of quarters now, but it wasn't really translating to the numbers. It was nice to see their great work come through to the results this quarter. And finally, specialty communications was basically flat, which was a significant improvement over the last several quarters. Turning to Slide 6 and 7. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split: 51%, U.S.; 17%, euro markets; 9%, U.K.; and 23%, rest of the world. In the United States, revenue increased $98 million or 5.1%. Organic growth was 5% or $96 million. The strong performance is led by our media businesses. But generally, we had good performance across our agencies. And acquisitions, net of dispositions, was marginally positive, adding $2.4 million. International revenue decreased $6 million or about 0.3%. As mentioned earlier, FX continue to have a negative impact, resulting in a decline of about 1.5% or $28 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by about $13 million or 0.7%. And organic growth in the aggregate was positive $9.2 million or 0.5%. As I mentioned, it was very mixed by market. In our larger European markets, Russia continue to perform very well, while the U.K., France and Germany remained weak. And in aggregate, the Eurozone markets were down 3.7%. In Asia, we continue to have strong performances across the region, with India, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Indonesia leading the way this quarter. And in Latin America, our Brazilian operations continue to perform very well. Slide 8 shows our mix of business by industry. Given the size and diversity of our client base, at this point, our mix of business by industry sector is pretty stable. As for growth rates, for the year, we had very strong performance in retail, driven by a combination of new business wins and client increases, but we also had good performance in the auto and technology sectors. On the other side of the spectrum, financial services was pulled down by the loss of Bank of America, and telecom was impacted by the loss of Sprint. Turning to Slide 9. We had another good cash flow year. In aggregate, our free cash flow increased about $179 million over last year, that is excluding changes in working capital. On Slide 10, the breakdown of primary uses of cash for the year included dividends to common shareholders of $398 million. The year-over-year increase reflects both the 20% increase in our quarterly dividend that we instituted at the beginning of last year and the acceleration of our January dividend into Q4, in effect, paying 5 quarterly dividends in 2012. Dividends paid to our minority interest shareholders totaled $98 million. Capital expenditures totaled $226 million. As we've mentioned before, CapEx was up due to a couple of sizable office makeovers related to long-term lease renewals. We also had the purchase of an office building for one of our agencies and our ongoing IT consolidation initiatives. Acquisitions, including contingent purchase price payments, totaled $188 million and share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances, totaled $832 million. In aggregate, we outspent our free cash flow by about $317 million for the year. Slide 11 shows our current capital structure. Year-over-year, our total debt increased by about $1.3 billion to $4.46 billion, almost entirely related to the issuance of the $1.25 billion in 10-year senior notes during the second and third quarters of the year. More important, our net debt position at the end of the year was $1.76 billion, an increase of $368 million from last year. As a result of the increased debt, our total-debt-to-EBITDA ratio increased to 2.1x, although our net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio remained very low at 0.8x, and our interest coverage ratio remains robust at 11.6x. On Slide 12, as we continue to successfully build the company through a combination of prudently-priced acquisitions and well-focused internal development initiatives, both our return on invested capital and return on equity continue to lead the industry. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital remained pretty stable at 18.6% and our return on equity improved a little further to 28.7%. And finally, on Slide 13, we track our cumulative return of cash to shareholders. The line on the top of the chart shows our cumulative net income from 2002 through year-end, which totaled $9.12 billion. And the line just below the top line shows our cumulative return of cash to shareholders, including both dividends and net share repurchases, which totaled $9.05 billion. The result is a combined payout ratio of almost 99%. I also want to point out that during that period, our agencies were able to more than double revenue from $6.9 billion to $14.2 billion. And more important, they were able to more than double our net income from $455 million to $998 million. With that, that concludes our prepared remarks. There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation, but at this point, we're going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to James Dix with Wedbush Securities.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just 2 things. I guess one, what was driving the particularly strong growth organically that you saw in the U.S. in the fourth quarter? I know you've, in the past, cautioned people not to focus too much on particular quarters in particular regions, but it is an important region for you. And then, just looking into 2013. I mean, is your outlook for the U.S. at the moment kind of in line with your outlook for kind of modest global growth? Or is your outlook for the U.S. a little bit faster or slower than that?
John D. Wren: First, with respect to the fourth quarter. I think we've been saying this consistently for a very long period of time. There's a certain element of budget which is very difficult to predict as to whether clients are going to spend it or if it's actionable, if they're going to delay spending. What we saw throughout the quarter, especially after the election in the U.S., was a commitment by clients to continue to spend those budgets to try to increase their market share. And that's the attitude today across the board, I think, on most of our major clients, especially in the U.S. At this point, in terms of what we expect, there's still a bit of uncertainty out there, and from a consumer point of view, we haven't had enough time nor data to measure the impact of the -- not the upper-bracket tax rates, but the payroll tax -- $1,000 that Congress took away. And there's still uncertainty on the part of many clients as to how the U.S. government is going to deal with sequester. So it's a little bit too early for us to give you an accurate prediction, but we're planning our business for modest growth. And being a service business, we think that's prudent because that helps us contain costs while staying nimble enough, as I said earlier, to take advantage of spending as it comes through.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: This growth -- I mean, do you mean like growth slightly lower than what you saw in 2012? I know at some conferences, you've made some allusions to what you mean by that. But if you had any more granularity given this opportunity, that would be great, and then I'm done.
Randall J. Weisenburger: This is Randy. My personal view is 2013 feels a lot like 2012 from, I'll say, an economic backdrop standpoint. But we don't have the Olympics this year. So I certainly think there's a little bit of spending, a little bit of revenue on our numbers, yes, associated with the Olympics that's likely not to be there next year. That's probably about as accurate as we can get at this point.
Operator: Next question is from Alexia Quadrani with; JP Morgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is just on the euro markets and the softening we saw on the quarter. I guess, any comment on how that progressed. I mean, did it get worse as the quarter went on? Should we assume it will continue to weaken a bit in the first quarter? Or should it be -- are you looking at a bit more stability in 2013? I know it's difficult to predict, but any color you can give us would be great.
John D. Wren: Some of the decline were -- can be tracked to specific client reductions, as opposed to economic situations. The marketplace there -- I mean, Europe is in an uncertain position. We don't expect any vast improvements any time soon. And we're planning accordingly, Alexia, so -- and hopeful that were -- that it's brighter than that, but I...
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think that's right. I mean I can't tell you how they tracked over the course of the quarter. I haven't looked at that. I do think the positive performance that we had in Europe was literally driven by strong specific agency performance, new business wins, innovative ideas for clients that drove the growth rather than economic growth.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess in terms of how you're budgeting, you're not necessarily assuming a step-down, or are you just being very careful on cost because you don't really know what the environment will come out in?
John D. Wren: Sure, we're not planning a step-down at this point, but we're not planning any outbreak of growth either, so it's a steady-state. Plus, costs there, if you make the mistake of adding them, they get to be very expensive when you try to take them out. So we've been prudent, but we haven't -- there hasn't been a dramatic change.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then, jumping back to the U.S. The decrease in the pharma client base seem to have lessened a bit. Do you think we're sort of over the worst in that sector in terms of the dropoff? Or do you think it'd still be a challenge in '13?
John D. Wren: I think we're -- a lot of what affected our pharma business is probably behind us as -- so that's a great area for us, I think, in 2013 as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Wondering if you could offer a little bit more color on emerging markets. For the last 8 quarters or so -- or I guess I should say rest of world segment instead. For the last 8 quarters or so, we've seen a significant outperformance versus the U.S. This quarter is only 1 quarter, we realize, but just wondering if you could give us some color on your expectations for 2013, whether we could see an outperformance in rest of world or whether you think this 1 quarter portends a bit of a trend here. And then secondly, if you could give us any CapEx guidance for the year.
John D. Wren: We expect Asia to continue at or around the same pace that we saw in the fourth quarter. It's been strong. There's a lot of client activity going on. Clients have diverted money that was spent in other places to Asia because that's where the consumer seems the healthiest. And Japan showed signs of vitality in the fourth quarter, and we expect that to continue also, at least for the first half.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Where there any particular areas of weakness in rest of world? Or is this indicative of maybe agency performance, the deceleration, or a macro?
Randall J. Weisenburger: For rest of world? I think our rest of world numbers were -- I felt they were pretty good. We had strong performance in Brazil, Russia, Singapore, India. This quarter, Japan, which is a large market for us -- it's obviously a large market and hasn't been a fairly robust economic backdrop, so our agencies in that market this quarter performed very well in that backdrop. The Middle East has been, I'll say, mixed at times. That probably covers most of it.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then, Randy, any CapEx guidance for the year given the level of investments this year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it will be probably down a little bit from this year. As I mentioned, in 2012, we had a couple large real estate projects going on. We bought a building for one of our agencies, so that was $15 million, $16 million. Obviously, not a huge building. We still have some IT consolidation initiatives going on that will increase CapEx relative to a normal base. But I don't know of any major moves or rebuilds at this point. So I would suspect it will come down a little bit.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Hearing your comments on the top line, could you please give a little color on the cost side for 2013? Understanding that you are paying your staff and just wondering what sort of internal cost you may yet be able to squeeze out. And in that context, if there is any sort of comment you could give on guidance on margins for '13, please.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We -- at this point, we have to manage our agencies' margins agency by agency. We certainly have some agencies that are not performing at, I'll say, the appropriate margin level for them or their type of business, and we need to try to get them -- their costs more aligned with where their revenues and where their business is at. Overall, it's a difficult cost environment. We're 4 or 5 years into a relatively difficult economic environment in 65% or 70% of our revenue markets, so basically U.S. and Europe. So trying to hold costs flat or low growth is very difficult for that length of time. I feel comfortable being able to match our 2012 margins and continue to -- and have us continue to be able to invest in the growth and the development of the business that we've been doing and that we want to do. After that, we'll see how the margins ultimately work out, but our focus is on getting all of our agencies' margins right agency by agency and continue to invest in our people and our business.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Okay. And your acquisition number was slightly lower in 2012 than previous -- many previous years, I guess. Is there any comment on acquisition pipeline for 2013, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: The pipeline is always good. What generally makes the difference in CapEx is if you -- if we're able to complete 1 or 2 large or midsized deals. In 2011, that would have been Mudra and I think Communispace and Clemenger, I guess. We didn't have deals -- we didn't have any deals of that size in 2012. I'm hopeful in 2013 that we will, but that's -- those deals are much more difficult to predict, I'll say, statistically. As far as another 10 to 15 similar acquisitions that we did in 2012, I think there's a pretty high probability that that will occur.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2, probably for Randy but maybe questions for John, too. Looking at your Slide 13, you look at the long-term return of capital to shareholders, and it's pretty impressive, but the mix of the returns, about 75% buybacks and 1/4 dividends. And I wonder, looking at the next couple of years, do you see those 2 areas converging a bit, maybe raising the dividend at the expense of the buybacks? How do you think about the blend of capital returns?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, as John just pointed out, since 2010, we've doubled the dividend. We had a 33% increase in the dividend this year. So I think that's pretty much a sign that our expectation is that the dividend as a percentage of our payout is likely to go up.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And do you have a range of where you can get it to, you think, in terms of how you think about the payout ratio?
Randall J. Weisenburger: No.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Okay, so let me ask you this, on -- can you help us a bit on Q4 revenue, the expense line for O&G and salary? Rather than waiting for the K to come out, I wonder if you can give it to us.
John D. Wren: If you just give us 1 second -- or maybe more than 1 second.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, why don't we go on and take another question, and when we get to the answer, we'll say it in the middle of the next question.
Operator: And we'll go to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: My question is somewhat related. Do you have any sense of what your year-end headcount was?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. It was around 72,000, plus or minus a little bit. Maybe -- I don't have it exact off the top of my head, 71,000-and-something the way we count it.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then...
Randall J. Weisenburger: 71,099.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: 71,099?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, excluding acquisition impact, is it fair to say that, given the revenue outlook, which is constructive but still a little iffy, that that should be a relatively flat number in '13?
John D. Wren: Our objective is not to -- we're expecting to grow there in 2013. But our expectations is that we're hiring behind our revenue, not in advance of our revenue, in most instances. Unless we're making an investment from a -- in a startup. There's 1 or 2 considered, but it won't drastically change that number.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And also, keep in mind that we have a mix of businesses that, headcount to revenue -- and we have a mix of countries that, headcount to revenue, are quite different. So I mean, if you're trying to use headcount as a proxy for something, you're probably not really doing yourself a good analysis.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: A lot of noise in the number, basically. Okay.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We're in a lot of countries, in a lot of different businesses. They're service businesses, and we're largely getting paid our cost of labor plus overhead in a margin, and that labor varies by skill level quite dramatically and by country quite dramatically.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I got a couple. I wanted to ask you about a couple...
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let me interrupt for 1 -- just 1 second and answer -- I think it was Peter's question. So salary and service costs in -- for the year was $10,380,700 and office and general was $2,034,500,000.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Hopefully, that doesn't count as my question. All right, okay. So moving forward, so a couple of numbers you've spoken to in the past, either at conferences or on earnings calls, I think you had talked about '13 feeling like a 2% to 3% top line year versus the 4% in '12. You called out the Olympics and some -- obviously, it was a political year, but just wanted to see if that was still how you were feeling about things or maybe if there were some -- more upside potential than you thought a couple of months ago. And then the second number would be percent of free cash flow on dividends, buybacks and acquisitions. I think you did about 20% above your free cash in '12. You're carrying $2.7 billion of cash. I didn't know if that was because of the converts that are puttable coming up or anything else you'd speak to, but any help on the free cash flow spending appetite this year would also be helpful.
John D. Wren: Okay. Let's see, a few questions here. So I'll give you the free cash flow. That's probably the easiest. We issued the bonds last year, and we said that we would outspend our free cash flow in the $300 million to $500 million per year range for the next couple of years. We outspent our free cash flow in 2012 by about $313 million. I suspect we'll outspend our free cash flow in '13 by again $300 million to $500 million with that combination of dividends, buybacks and acquisitions. I made a statement earlier in the year trying to think about '13 versus '12. At the time, I felt '13 felt a little bit more difficult than '12. That was a few months ago. That was kind of right around the end of the elections and wrestling with what people were going to -- what the administration was going to do. So I think, today, I think -- and again, it's relatively unscientific. I think '13 probably feels pretty much like it felt going into '12, except for the Olympics. I think the Olympics probably added maybe 0.5 point to our revenue growth -- or to our revenue in 2012. So if that -- if we said we thought '12 was going to be 3.5% to 4% organic growth, I guess that would make it sort of 3% to 3.5% organic growth is the way it feels at that -- but again, it's pretty early in the year.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And can I just take a stab at the rest of world question again? For the first 9 months, that business was organically up 11% and then 4.4% in Q4. And doesn't sound like your -- from your comments earlier, there's anything to that that we should read going forward. But I just wanted to revisit that one more time.
John D. Wren: Could you repeat that question for us, please?
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. The rest of world category was up 11%, I think, for the first 9 months ending in the third quarter. And then, for Q4, just the organic growth, it was up 4.4%. And obviously, that's got Asian and Latin American in there. So I just didn't know if there's anything -- I think there was a question earlier. It didn't sound like there was anything to it, but I wanted to ask just since it's such an important region.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't think there's anything in the numbers. Again, I wouldn't look at any individual quarter. I'd really look at full year numbers. I think our agencies in those markets are doing quite well. We do -- as they grow, they become bigger numbers to grow on, which, by definition, over time, will slow the growth rates down a little bit. But the region will become more impactful, which is obviously positive.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Gregory Stein: This is Greg Stein for Craig Huber. I was just wondering what the project-related revenue was in 4Q '12 and then also what it was year ago as well.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't know. That's not something that we break out or collect.
Gregory Stein: Okay. How about, I guess, just your outlook for next year on auto? This year, you had a strong year, up 15%. What are you seeing for 2013?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think the auto sector overall looks relatively positive. And during the market commentary, people think the U.S. auto unit sales as an industry will be up in 2013, so that's obviously a positive. The auto sector is one that our revenues have tracked, I think, fairly well to global auto sales. So it should be -- if auto sales do take the positive trend people are talking about, it should be positive for our revenues in the sector.
Gregory Stein: Okay. And finally, sorry to be this specific, but I was wondering if you'd potentially break out your interest expense and interest income lines?
Randall J. Weisenburger: We'll get that number for you in 1 second. Also, I want to go back and I'll say, finish answering Peter's question. I gave you the breakout of salary and service and office and general for the full year. For Q4, the numbers were $2,889,100,000 for salary and service and $507.5 million for office and general. And for interest expense and interest income, let's see. I guess full year numbers, interest expense was $179.7 million and interest income was $35.1 million. Given that we're getting pretty close here to 9:30, so we'll take one more question.
Operator: That will be from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So 2 things. First, John spent a lot of time at the beginning of the call talking about technology and digital. And you tend to capture more wallet share for yourselves rather than passing it onto media operators with digital, I would think. Can you talk about the time frame at which you think this -- could it lead to sort of a breakout beyond typical historical growth rates when you start skewing more digital after investing in it? And second question is, can you give us a little update about how things are going at Commonwealth and review for us where the accounting for Commonwealth is? Is it consolidated? And where is -- is it a consolidator account for a JV?
John D. Wren: Look, complexity is our friend. There's no doubt about it, because the more fragmented the market is and the more complex it is in terms of reaching the target audiences, it takes more very, very smart insightful people to accomplish that. That's a long-term trend, and it continues. I don't see it as a major breakout impacting our numbers within the near term more -- in any great variance to the steady state of growth that we've had. There's a lot on the horizon, and we think that trend is going to continue into the future. And it's, again, good for us.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So even if you went out like 3 to 5 years, do you think it would have the ability to kind of move the needle beyond average growth?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it's moving the needle now. It will continue to move the needle. You have to keep in mind it's a very large industry. We're in a lot of different marketing areas, and it's a fairly concentrated industry. New technologies are allowing marketing to evolve. But I don't think there's a revolution in the change of what's going on. And is it possible the revolution will happen sometime in the future? I think it's possible. It's certainly not something that we predict at this point.
John D. Wren: And technological ability to do things and permission to do things are really at the core of some of this. If you look at privacy policy in the United States versus privacy policy in Europe, which -- and who will -- they are different, and both regions are taking different approaches. And we don't know how the rest of the world is -- which policy the rest of the world is going to lean into. So the more targeting that we can do, the better it is because it's a greater ROI for the client and everything becomes more and more measurable. So that's the move. But there's a number of open questions, but it's positive at the back of our business.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And on Commonwealth, we account for the revenues going to our agencies, or the work being performed by our agencies, and IPG accounts for the revenue and the profits of the work that their agencies are doing.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So it's just consolidated in -- within the agencies, right? And so...
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. Each of us consolidate our piece. Neither one of us consolidates the aggregate of Commonwealth. So they -- IPG gets and it consolidates the revenue of the work their agencies do, and we would consolidate the revenue of the work our agencies do.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Does the development with Silverado and some of the account shifts, like did they move the needle at all this year? Does it affect the venture? Can you talk a little bit about that?
John D. Wren: No, it -- I mean, to a company our size, one account doesn't really move the needle one way or the other.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, all, very much, and thank you for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Craig Huber Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd now like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2012 earnings call. We hope everyone had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on the last page of our investor presentation. And to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Then following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on the call. We are now 3 quarters through 2012, and I'm pleased to say that our performance over the quarter and for the year-to-date remains strong. Let me start by talking through some of the key points driving our business results and strategies, and then I will provide some perspective on the larger business environment. The third quarter was another solid quarter for Omnicom and our companies. Our broad geographic footprint, diversified expertise and emphasis on creative excellence has benefited both our clients and our shareholders. For the quarter, we continue to generate solid organic growth, particularly in light of the macroeconomic environment. And our margin performance remained strong, keeping us on track to achieve our margin objective for the year. Before getting into the specifics of our third quarter performance, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing the strategies that have allowed us to continue to achieve consistent results: First, our investment in the best talent; next, expanding our footprint geographically and in new service areas; also expanding our digital, analytical and consumer insight capabilities; and finally, an increasing coordination of our service offering on our top 50 clients. A few weeks ago, we returned from the Spikes Advertising Festival, Asia's most prestigious creative awards show where 30 different Omnicom agencies won a record 117 awards, including first and second prize for Network of the Year by BBDO and DDB. This performance significantly outpaced our competition. I think this recognition is important in illustrating how the different components of our strategies come together to benefit our clients. It also shows our progress in growing our portfolio geographically to include what we believe are the most effective and creative agencies in the Asia Pacific region. Expanding in developing markets will continue to be a core strategic focus of Omnicom. In the third quarter, our revenue outside the U.S., U.K. and Eurozone accounted for almost 24% of our top line. We also know that our success is increasingly being supported by what goes on behind the scenes in our networks and agencies. Across many of our clients, but especially for our top 50 clients which are served by multiple agencies in our group, our people are collaborating more closely to share insights and ideas and increasingly working together to achieve common objectives. These collaborations are successful because they bring together our top talent from different agencies to provide integrated solutions across brands, disciplines and geographies. Collaboration and coordination across our agencies is even more important today in servicing our major clients as many of them are seeking to consolidate their advertising and marketing spend across a smaller group of agencies. Overall, we have been successful in gaining a greater share of business in these consolidations while providing clients more integrated services and operational efficiencies. We're also benefiting from stronger digital capabilities within our agencies and from our increased focus on using data and analytics to generate valuable insights and drive results. As I have said before, the industry is only at the beginning of learning how to use these new technologies to effectively communicate with consumers. And these new technologies are changing quite rapidly, requiring us to continually change and adapt. While each of our agencies is developing digital and analytical skill sets, we are also increasingly leveraging our investment in Annalect. Annalect, which includes our search business, resolution media, our mobile and display businesses, now has over 600 employees servicing clients in more than 30 markets around the world. Overall, we are firmly committed to bringing the best talent, creative, digital and analytical tools to our clients. And clients, existing and new, are responding by expanding our mandates and awarding us new pieces of business. Of course, we must always be conscious that we're operating in what remains a fragile economic environment. As we invest in areas with significant growth potential, we do so carefully and we remain vigilant in managing our expenses. Our goal is to take advantage of growth opportunities while remaining flexible and agile enough to respond to the changing economic conditions. As we've noted in the past few quarters we continue to keep a close eye on the macroeconomic picture. While we remain cautiously optimistic about our business, we recognize that political and economic uncertainty, as was most recently highlighted by the IMF, could negatively impact global growth this year and next. With this in mind, in every market we are working with our companies to assess the impact of economic shifts while continuing to focus on the things we can control: investing in talent, expanding our capabilities and adapting quickly to a more complex, technologically driven environment. Now I'd like to turn my attention to the third quarter. Organic growth for the quarter was a solid 3.5%. This performance was driven in large part by the U.S. and developing international markets. Our advertising business also continued to perform extremely well followed by our CRM business. Looking more closely at revenue by geography. We saw continued strength in the U.S. with organic growth of 3.1%. Although this was somewhat slower than what we had experienced in the first half, U.S. growth was driven by strong results in advertising, media and sports and event marketing. The U.K. was essentially flat for the quarter, weighed down by a slowdown in our field marketing operations. Outside of this one operation, the overall market performance was quite positive, supported in part by the Olympics-related spend. Euro region growth was a negative 1.8% for the quarter, although the performance by market again varied. Germany and France and the Netherlands were negative while Italy, Portugal and Spain were all positive due to the strength of our individual businesses in those markets. However, given the state of these economies, we remain very cautious. I should note our European management teams have clearly been facing the most challenging conditions across our global footprint, but they continue to do a very good job of servicing their clients and at the same time managing their cost structures. Outside the Eurozone, the Czech Republic, Russia and Turkey had strong performances. And notwithstanding the less robust growth expectations in developing markets, Latin America and Asia each experienced double-digit growth for us during the quarter. Latin America was driven by Brazil and Chile, and Argentina was also positive. In Asia, we had above average performances in China, Japan, India and Singapore. Looking at revenue growth by industry. Auto and consumer products, retail and technology were among the better-performing sectors. And net new business was over $1 billion for the quarter. Let me now turn to our capital structure and use of cash. We are operating in an environment with historically low interest rates and continue to look for ways to use this as an opportunity to optimize our balance sheet, provide for continued growth and to ensure that shareholders are the major beneficiaries of Omnicom's strong cash flows. In the second quarter, we raised $750 million in new debt, and during the third quarter we raised an additional $500 million at a yield of just under 3%. We also continued to repurchase shares during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date repurchases to over $700 million. Even with these new financings and repurchases, our balance sheet and credit ratings remain extremely strong. The new capital provides us with greater flexibility to invest in our existing businesses and to add new ones where appropriate. On the acquisition front, we believe valuations have become inflated in many areas, particularly in digital. We are committed to maintaining a disciplined approach to acquisitions and will only pursue transactions that allow us to further our strategic goals and that meet the tests of fit and price. Before I finish, I want to note that we have continued to manage our businesses carefully by removing unnecessary costs and making smart investments in growth. This diligence has paid off and we fully expect to deliver on our 2012 margin targets. I'll now turn the call back to Randy who'll take you through our numbers in more detail.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. As John pointed out, this was a very solid quarter for our agencies. We continue to track very well against our objectives for the year despite a difficult economic backdrop that has not improved as we'd expected coming into the year. Our agencies have done very well this year on the new business front with both account consolidations and continuing to develop innovative new services for their clients. At the same time, they've made excellent progress managing their costs and realigning their cost structures where necessary. And as this quarter highlights, our agencies continue to make excellent progress building the brands, mostly organically, in the developing markets. Now for the quarter. Revenue came in at a little over $3.4 billion, which was driven by solid organic growth of 3.5% and in spite of a continuing stiff FX headwind, which this quarter was a negative 3.4%. But I'll address our revenue growth in more detail in a few minutes. EBITA increased 4.4% to $414.6 million and margins this quarter were 12.2%, up about 50 basis points from last year. For the 9 months, we're now a little ahead of schedule but that's mostly timing. We expect to achieve our previously stated margin target of 13.4% for the full year. Similarly, operating income, or EBIT, for the quarter increased 3.7% to $387 million. And our resulting operating margin of 11.4% was a year-over-year improvement of about 40 basis points. Amortization of intangibles was up about $3.6 million this quarter, about $2 million of which resulted from a nonrecurring impairment charge. And the balance was due to an increase in amortizable intangibles related to acquisitions. Slide 2 addresses the items below operating income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $40.3 million, up $8.4 million from Q3 of last year and up $5.4 million from the second quarter. In the second quarter, we issued $750 million of 10-year 3 5/8% notes. And this quarter, we opportunistically added $500 million to that same issue at an effective rate of about 3%. Both the year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter increase in interest expense is predominantly due to the interest paid on these new notes, offset by interest income earned on the increased cash balances. However, the rates earned on cash balances is quite well in the current environment. On the tax front, our reported rate for the quarter was 34.2%, basically flat with our Q3 rate last year and remains in line with our expected operating tax rate for the year. Earnings from our equity interest in affiliates increased just under $1 million to $5.3 million this quarter. And additionally, the allocation of earnings to the minority owners in our less-than-fully owned subsidiaries increased $4.5 million to $29.7 million. This increase was due primarily to the strong performance of many of our international subsidiaries outside of the Eurozone where some of our ownership structures include minority ownership by our senior management teams as well as additional minority interests in several of our recent acquisitions. And the aggregate result was net income increasing to $203.9 million for the quarter. On Slide 3, we show the allocation of net income to common shareholders and participating securities as well as our diluted share count, which is down year-over-year by 4.6%, and the computation of our diluted earnings per share, which for the quarter increased 2.8% to $0.74 per share. On Slide 4, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX. On a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar continued to strengthen against almost all of our major currencies except for the Chinese renminbi. The net result was, as I mentioned earlier, a very stiff headwind that reduced revenue for the quarter by 3.4% or about $115 million. Fortunately, as we've discussed in the past, the majority of our costs are incurred in the same currency as our revenues. So while there's a pro rata effect on earnings, there is a minimal effect on our operating margin. FX rates over the past month or so have stabilized somewhat. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to be negative by only about 75 basis points in Q4 and negative about 2.5% for the full year. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $23.5 million in the quarter or 0.7%. In addition to the 4 new acquisitions completed during Q3, we continued to benefit from the acquisitions completed over the past 12 months, including Mudra in India, MCI in Japan and Marina Maher. We also continue to feel the effect of the dispositions that we completed mostly during the second half of 2011. While we've started to cycle on several of these dispositions, we'll not fully cycle through until 2013. So at this point, if we don't complete another acquisition or disposition for the balance of the year, the net acquisition revenue will be positive about 40 basis points in Q4. And with regard to organic growth. While increasingly mixed by market and industry sector, overall we had another very solid quarter, up 3.5% or about $118 million. This quarter, we continued to perform well in North America and we had double-digit growth in South America, Asia, Africa and Russia. However, this was offset by the ongoing sluggish performance across Europe. Our new business performance continued to be strong in the quarter with net wins of just over $1 billion as we continue to benefit from some of the larger account consolidation movements that are occurring in the marketplace. And our agencies have continued to successfully develop innovative services utilizing the many new technologies and communication platforms that are available today. Turning to our mix of business on Slide 5. Brand advertising accounted for 47% of our revenue; and marketing and services, 53%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising's organic growth was 5.7%, driven by continued strong growth in our media businesses, emerging markets and new technology services. And marketing services was up 1.6%. Within marketing services, CRM had an organic growth of 2.4%, public relations was slightly down at 0.3%, as was specialty communications. While still negative, this quarter was a significant improvement from the first half. While we continue to see spending cuts in the pharma and health care sector, we have benefited from some of the account consolidation initiatives. As a result, we expect to cycle through the difficult comps next year and see this sector turn into a positive. Turning to Slides 6 and 7. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split 52% in the U.S., 15% in the euro markets, 9% the U.K. and 24% rest of world. In the United States, revenue increased $55 million or 3.2%. Organic growth continued to be solid generally across disciplines and industries at 3.1% or $53.4 million. And acquisitions, net of dispositions, was marginally positive, adding $1.5 million. International revenue decreased $29 million or about 1.7%. As I mentioned, FX continued to create a strong headwind causing a revenue decline of about 6.9% or $115 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $22 million. And organic growth, although extremely mixed by region, continued to be solid overall at a positive 3.8% or $64 million. Looking at the organic growth by market. In Europe, of the larger countries, Russia continued to perform very well, the U.K. was essentially flat and Germany, France and the Netherlands were down. In aggregate, the Eurozone markets were down 1.8% organically. In Asia, we continue to have strong performances across the region with double-digit growth overall. This quarter, China, India, Japan, Hong Kong and Indonesia led the way. In other parts of the world, we had strong performances in Canada, Brazil, Chile and Africa. Turning to Slide 8, which shows our mix of business by industry. There were no significant changes, either year-over-year or versus the second quarter of 2012. As for growth rates, while still quite mixed by sector, this quarter we had solid performances in auto, retail, technology and consumer products. Turning to Slide 9. Our cash performance for the first 9 months was very good with free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital, increasing just over $100 million to $966 million. On Slide 10, the breakdown of our primary uses of cash for the 9 months included dividends to common shareholders of $235 million. The year-over-year increase reflects both the 20% increase in our quarterly dividend and the reduction of our share count; dividends paid to minority interest shareholders of $79 million; capital expenditures of $159 million. As we've mentioned on earlier calls, CapEx is planned to be up this year primarily due to a couple of sizable office makeovers related to long-term lease renewals, as well as increased IT spending related to our IT consolidation initiative. Acquisitions, including contingent purchase price payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled just under $159 million. And share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled $714 million. In total, and again excluding working capital, year-to-date we've outspent our free cash by about $380 million. Slide 11 shows our current capital structure. As we mentioned earlier, in August, we added an additional $500 million in 10-year senior notes to the $750 million issue we completed in Q2. As a result, year-over-year, our total debt increased by $1.25 billion to $4.46 billion. However, our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $2.5 billion, an increase of $200 million from the same time last year. As a result of the increased debt, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio increased to 2.2x although our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio remained flat at 1.2x. Also, our interest coverage ratio remains very strong at 11.9x. And finally, on Slide 12, as we've continued to successfully build the company through a combination of prudently priced acquisitions and well-focused internal development initiatives, both the return on invested capital and return on equity have remained very strong. For the last 12 months, our return on invested capital was 15.7% and our return on equity improved to 28.3%. This concludes our prepared remarks. There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, I'm going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you again.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question on the sort of overall advertising outlook that you're seeing right now. Has there been a change in sort of client mentality on spending? I noticed just a little bit of a slowdown versus the strong organic growth you saw on the first half. Is it more that budgets were set and they kind of overspent in the beginning and now they're compensating, but the mentality hasn't really changed or are you seeing more of a bit of a pull in?
John D. Wren: I don't think there's any one answer to that question, Alexi. It's all of the above. With the uncertainty that is reported every day in the newspapers about China being off a little bit, that Europe's not solved yet and the uncertainty with the fiscal cliff as people await the election. There's conservatism and we're not certain yet what the outcome is going to be in the fourth quarter or as we get into the first quarter of next year. We do know that we're performing very well and we're engaged in very positive conversations with our clients. But there's no single answer or generalization I can put -- I can come up with to answer you.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But it generally sounds -- generally feels though like a pretty healthy environment. I don't want to read too much into a slight slowdown in growth. Is that fair?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, we came into the year thinking 4% for the full year was a good number. I still think 4%, that range is probably still a good full year number. The timing of the spend year-over-year can obviously move around quite a bit. We had a very strong first half, but again I don't think -- we're not ready to change our full year numbers yet.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just a follow-up on the margin. You beat expectations now for most of the year. I think you mentioned in your opening remarks you're still on target for your goal. I guess, can we assume a little upside given the strength going into the fourth quarter to your goal for EBITA for the year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: No.
John D. Wren: No. I mean, we're willing to commit to what we committed to a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: A question for you is margin targets for this year of 13.4%. Is there anything, Randy, that you're doing on the cost front that you've already put in place for this year or planning to do in the fourth quarter that may potentially have a tough cost comparison for 2013?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, I think these – well, I've said it for a number of years. I think the margins -- our margin target for this year is a very good overall margin given Omnicom's mix of business and our commitment to constantly invest in our businesses, our training programs, et cetera. Yes, so I think this year is going to be a very tough comp for next year. I think our agencies are up to that challenge. But I think these are good numbers.
Craig Huber: And then also, could you speak a little bit further about what you're seeing over in Europe. Is your sense over there that things are getting worse, about the same or getting better on the confidence levels, the economic backdrop in your major markets over there?
John D. Wren: There's still a great deal of uncertainty in Europe. Southern Europe, the problems aren't resolved and you have political change which is recent in France. Ultimately, the Germans are going to have to probably pay the bill, but they're going to have to decide when they're going to do that. So I don't see any improvement to the European market in the near term. I think they're at a very fragile point and they seem to be working their way through it, but I'm not prepared or ready to declare it solved in any way, manner, make, shape or form. So we continue to manage our businesses market-by-market, office-by-office in response to what the changing environment is.
Craig Huber: And then lastly, if I could, just a quick housekeeping question. Randy, would you -- could you just break apart your salary line versus O&G and also for your interest expense line, break that apart, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let's see. Salaries -- salary and service cost is $215 million -- $216 million. And office and general is $503 million. And interest, let me see, interest expense is $47.8 million. Interest income is $7.5 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: A couple of things, please. Could you please elaborate a little bit more on your discussion on digital/analytical/consumer insight? Is this just continuing the work you've been doing in digital or are we detecting -- am I detecting a new tone here in things that you're doing? Are you ramping up some of your efforts there? Likewise, you talked about collaboration across your agencies. Are there further central cost savings that you might seek to achieve once you've gotten to this margin target level for this year? And likewise, is that kind of a new program or an extended effort? And then lastly, on share buybacks, you've given, it looks like kind of a net figure on share buybacks. Is there a like a gross number you could give us what the actual dollar spent on just share buybacks in Q3, please?
John D. Wren: Sure. The first part of your question, if you'd repeat it, I'm sorry?
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Yes. It was about your discussion on analytical and consumer insights. Should we detect that you're doing more work in this area? And I don't think -- you really haven't talked a whole lot about that in the past.
John D. Wren: Yes, and probably the fault is having not spoken about it more directly in the past. What we've elected to do, we've been doing it now for at least 2 years, is investing very heavily through the P&L rather than through doing large acquisitions in developing and expanding our digital capabilities across-the-board. But I highlighted in the call Annalect and a number of companies that are engaged in almost purely digital items. And those investments continue to be made. We're making a lot of progress and getting to our first line of products, which we're deploying to our clients and that's only going to speed up and continue. What we do see during the quarter was significant growth. Not big dollar amounts yet, but significant growth in the use of mobile for the first time. And I think that's ultimately where the future is and that will ultimately unleash the floodgates. But the whole industry is moving in that direction. So we've just started to discuss it a bit more then, but our commitment to it has been more across-the-board for quite a while. The second part of your question?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Your second question, I think, has sort of 2 parts to it. The comments, I think, John was making about collaboration is our efforts to provide more innovative, comprehensive service to our clients and by increasing the coordination amongst our agencies around those clients. We've described them in the past as client-centric networks. You took it on the cost savings side. There are a number of -- unrelated to that really, there are a number of initiatives that have been going on with Omnicom for the last couple of years. We announced them pretty strong last year about centralizing various functions in efforts to drive our costs down. Obviously, those efforts are continuous. They're going to be ongoing for a long time. And then once we're done with those initiatives, hopefully we're developing more initiatives as we go because we're certainly charged from our clients with the task of constantly improving the efficiency of overall operations. And your final question was stock purchases in the quarter. I think we spent about $195.7 million and it was roughly 3,708,000 shares.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of toughies here for you guys. One is, I know it's early but you have a sense of discretionary or project spend for later in the quarter? And then secondly, John, can you maybe give us a little bit more color on how your clients are approaching the fiscal cliff?
John D. Wren: Well, first of all, we wind up going through this every year. There is a certain amount of money that most years in the past 2 decades has gotten spent in the fourth quarter. There has been 1 year, 2008, I think where it didn't. And there's a certain amount of unknown and that won't become clarified until -- as we go through the quarter. It's way too early in the fourth quarter to know exactly what that's going to be. Our clients are, especially our multinational clients, go where the sales are. I mean, so -- and go where there's more certainty. That's why you see Europe slowing down. U.S. has held together pretty well considering all the uncertainty associated with the election and the decisions that the country has to make in terms of how we're going to go forward in the near term. And Asia, Asia's going -- especially China is going through a change in leadership. There's been a modest reduction in growth there. But we think it's only temporary and as the transition gets fully affected, you'll see that market return to growth as well. So it's a -- it's like the headlines at the moment. People are, to the extent that they can, shifting their tactics to meet the current economic situation.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And fortunately, due to the diversified nature of our business, frankly, our revenues have held up in many markets much, much better than overall media spend. We've seen, especially some of the Southern European countries, dramatic reductions in media spend and we've had – they're pretty significant reductions, if you're the agency with the reduction. But on a relative basis, our agencies have done very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With regard to your European managers, is it more difficult for them to forecast given the macro uncertainties out there? When you guys compare your forecast and actual results, do you tend to see a wider variance, either to the upside or downside, in Europe? And then I got one quick follow-up.
John D. Wren: There's constant reforecasting, recalibration. I wouldn't characterize their job as more or less difficult than anybody else's around the world. But again, when economies are weak when you're seeking what in the press is called the new normal and it hasn't arrived yet, you're very vigilant. You're watching all the time and you're adjusting constantly.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it also depends upon which forecast you're talking about. So a 3 months out forecast, I don't think there's any significant difference I'll say in the volatility of their forecast -- European forecast versus other markets. If you went out a year, I'm sure it's a bit more uncertainty in their forecast. It's not a matter of a difference of accuracy, but it's certainly the uncertainty that they're facing.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, Randy, could you offer a little color on severance, how that's been tracking through the quarter and maybe expectations for the year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It's basically been tracking as we had expected. It's I think down a little bit from this quarter last year, but largely in line. This year, severance is down quite a bit from last year in the aggregate. If you remember, we had the fairly large restructuring initiative that we took in the first quarter of last year. Absent that, it's pretty much tracked quarter-to-quarter.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you just say -- I mean, are we elevated over normal run rates still at this point?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes.
John D. Wren: Yes, and if I can just add one comment. It's more expensive to make adjustments to your staff in Europe than it is in almost any other market in the world, only because of the social policies that are in place. That's improving somewhat, but still when there's lower growth, we need to go in and adjust that from time-to-time.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, we would -- I'm not quite sure when a normal year is anymore, but we used to think that a normal year of severance was probably in the $60-or-so million range and through 9 months we're well above $70 million. So it's definitely up versus a so-called normal year.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And it sounds like Europe is still a work in progress?
John D. Wren: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2 to you guys. One is could you talk about a bit about auto growth. It's been a great category. If there's any growth differences by region for us, how much of that's U.S.? And then I don't want to read too much in one data point, but if you talk a bit also about public relations, it was down this quarter. I know you had a tough comp, but if you go back to like back to '08, it was a pretty good canary in the coal mine for some slowing. So what's happening, do you think, in PR? And then talk about oil for a second.
John D. Wren: Auto growth, I don't have it broken down market-by-market. I don't know if Randy has got them. I would imagine our Japanese clients are going to have a little bit of difficulty in the fourth quarter because of the conflict with Japan, but hopefully that'll pass quickly. But auto growth has been strong. In the U.S., it's been strong. In China, it's been strong. In Brazil, throughout the entire year. And your second…
Randall J. Weisenburger: And your second...
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Was PR. I know it's only one quarter and it's a tough comp, but what's happened there and is that potential canary in the coal mine for others slowing?
John D. Wren: I don't see it as a canary in the coal mine.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, I don't either. And frankly, I think our PR businesses in general are doing pretty well. I certainly haven't heard anything serious negatives or slowdowns or things from our firms. I think the -- it's a pretty modest decline, 0.3 point. I think it's probably activities.
John D. Wren: Yes. I mean we haven't studied it client-by-client. I think as you're looking forward at PR, and I don't know when this starts to show up in the numbers. Increasingly, clients especially in a social media environment, are talking about doing more PR as part of overall campaign planning. Again, not – I'm trying to tie it to the product rather than tie it to the actual reported results. But not terribly aware of any significant issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first is when you look at the swing factors that you have every fourth quarter in terms of the project work and the kind of incentive payments that may -- that hopefully come in and some of the true-ups, how do you -- what's your confidence level in those dollars coming in this year versus last year? Is it about the same or – when you think about that? And the second question is you kind of highlighted, I think in your prepared remarks, that the private valuations remain somewhat lofty. And I was wondering if that -- how much longer does that have to sustain itself before it maybe translates into a more direct change in capital allocation decisions like a change in stock buyback levels or things like that?
John D. Wren: With respect to the second part of your question, increasingly clients are looking to go to a smaller group of agencies to reduce the roster number of vendors that they have to interface with. So a lot of -- in my view, a lot of the valuations for one-off small digital companies have been good on the owners because they've gotten decent prices through selling it but they're not really justified when you compare it to the growth in the general market and some of the trends, which are going on. And again, we're in the service business. The average age of our employees is early 30s. The digital capability of those people becomes more ingrained in everyday and the distinction between what was called traditional in digital diminishes every day. I think what does improve is the information and our ability to analyze the information and direct the messaging to individuals and to measure those results. And that's the trend that's well in place and going to only continue. With respect to the first part of your question…
Randall J. Weisenburger: Every year, in the fourth quarter, there's a couple hundred million dollars of sort of that, I'm going to call it project spend, call it whatever we want to call it. Every year it's about that same number. I got to say every year we have about the same insight to it, which is pretty minimal. Given the economic backdrop of what's out in the marketplace and frankly the fact that it's an Olympic year and I think people may, because it's an Olympic year, move their spend around more. It's certainly more difficult to predict especially on a year-over-year basis all those factors. Probably make me feel even a little less comfortable than I did last year, which wasn't very comfortable because we don't have a lot of insight into that number.
John D. Wren: And with respect to the other parts of your question, we're running the business on a -- we're a service business on a long-term basis and reporting it every 90 days. So the swings in any 90-day period may not be impactful to our conclusions about what the long-term correct thing to do in terms of running our business are. So we go into fourth quarter with a certain amount of uncertainty about the next 90 days, less uncertainty about whether we're making the correct decisions about our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Randy, I'm curious in the Eurozone, I think you mentioned down around 2%, maybe a little less in the quarter. I don't know what the year-to-date number is, but do you think that's a reflection of share gains for your agencies? That seems, given everything we see in Europe, actually a pretty good result. Then I have a follow-up.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, I don't know if it's -- I mean, I think there's a variety of factors. One, we've got a very diversified set of businesses. I mentioned that on an earlier question. I certainly think that helps us. I think our revenues at our agencies have held up pretty well given the economic backdrop and what I see is just overall media spend. I think a lot of that has to do with frankly the hard work of the people at our agencies, and frankly, the innovative ideas that they're coming up with for their clients to serve them better and more efficiently in the marketplace. Again, great ideas are valuable to clients. I think our agencies have done pretty well on that front. It's hard to say whether or not we have a share gain or not, but I do think our agencies are doing pretty well.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then just touching on, John, you mentioned in your prepared remarks a couple of times account consolidation. And it seems like this sort of goes in and out of favor. What's driving it now? Is it sector specific or more broad? And do you think it continues to drive the kind of M&A we've seen in the market? We've seen small deals for a while, but it seems like the large M&A consolidation in the sectors seems to be picking up? I don't know if they're related to that account consolidation trend or independent or have any impact on, be curious on your thoughts on that.
John D. Wren: Well, I think the account consolidation is a trend that is in place and quite a number of our clients are going through the process and quite a number of our clients and other people's clients are discussing the process. And I think that's driven by a desire, in a low growth environment, to gain efficiencies. I also think the shift in media mix and how you reach consumers also has an impact on wanting to depend and deal on fewer people and not have an unlimited number of vendors that's serving you up specialties, which you may respond to and haven't fully thought through in terms of what is the most effective way to get to a consumer. So I think this trend is in place for now and I think it will only continue because companies -- our clients, most of the major companies around the world are under some degree of pressure to become more efficient. And so that's where we are today and I think as we go into 2013 and...
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Do you think it drives the sort of holdco-level M&A we're starting to see a little bit of? Does it -- is there a relationship to those?
John D. Wren: I mean I think if you're talking about the advertising marketing business, the numbers on some things versus the revenue are big, but on some things that have gotten done -- but the industry, itself, is fairly narrow. So I mean we've seen Dentsu active and we've seen some people clean up some so-called digital companies, which have been in the marketplace for quite some time. But I don't see a huge M&A activity in our space and I can't predict what'll happen to some of the smaller remaining players over the course of the next year. Money is very cheap, so it makes some of those decisions easy in the short run for people to spend money on deals.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think the 2 thoughts are a bit unrelated. I don't believe account consolidations are what's driving any of the thinking around M&A activity in the industry. I think the account consolidations idea, this has been kind of an ongoing trend in parts for quite some time. It was done on a regional basis. It was done on various brands. Now you're seeing a few more global changes. I think from our industry's perspective, I think when you have a difficult economic backdrop, when companies are under more economic pressure, I think it forces change. Or it forces -- it certainly encourages them to attempt change to try and get more efficient. But I think that initiative is going on in the marketplace and we'll see how it all plays through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Chesler from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I think just about all my questions have been answered and asked. But I think I'll just riff off of a couple other ones I've heard.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Because I never heard you not to be with a question.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I won't disappoint you. The notion that valuations are still inflated, does that have any implications on how you invest internally, organically in tools to stay ahead of the curve with regard to new disciplines, or are those separate?
John D. Wren: My reference was to digital acquisitions, so it's not all acquisitions, number one. And number two, we made a commitment several years ago to make certain that every one of our employees was trained, developed and up to the standards of understanding digital in the way it affects what our products are. So we've heavily invested every year. We continue to make those internal investments at a very sizable pace, specifically in the areas of mobile, analytics, data and what the future will be, all of that ultimately aiding our ability to measure what we do and to be able to provide increasing ROI for our activities. I don't know if Randy wants to add to this.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think it's right. I mean, I think with fully [ph] all of our acquisitions, especially through with some of the smaller ones, it's really a make-or-buy at a good price for our shareholders. Acquisitions are fantastic. They can accelerate change, they can get you to where you want to be faster versus starting from scratch and trying to build it. But we found for the better returns for our shareholders, a constant focus on building our business internally has proven to work pretty well in most cases. Doesn't mean that we're not going to do acquisitions. They just have to be right price for our shareholders as well. We're getting pretty close to 9:30, so, Matt, if you've got other question or one more question from the field? But either way, we'll call it after one more question. Is there another question on the line, operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just wanted to go back to your discussion around analytics and Annalect, in particular, Accuen The Trading Desk. And some market participants have claimed maybe that The Trading Desk has become an unfortunate sort of layer in the media buying processes, programmatic becomes a small but growing part of the mix of media buying. Do you agree with that assessment? And whether or not you do, how do you see those analytics and particularly trading desk functions evolving over time? Is it to be a sort of specialized group, a SWAT team, so to speak, within OMD and PHD? Or is it more and more being aligned with some of your client teams directly?
John D. Wren: Well, it's clearly being aligned for the benefit of our client teams as a utility, in effect, for both our media-buying activities as well as some our other activities and campaigns. The pace at which the digital marketplace occurs and then the manner in which it's done instead of using physical bodies, but almost through algorithms where in nanoseconds things are purchased, and then if not producing the kind of ROI, resold off back into the market, I think looking way into the future, that kind of an auction will occur for almost all media. But just because the technology existed though, it doesn't mean that it will happen overnight. And it's slow. TV still gets done in the same -- similar fashion to how it was once done, as is outdoor, as is other major components, which are a key part of the mix. So it's a process of evolution. I think at the core of it is going to be -- and the determinant to where these analytics go is going to be what privacy laws become and whether you wind up with public information, which you can access to target or do you have to build your own ability to measure consumers than to target consumers. And the question hasn't been resolved yet. And I think it's going to take quite a while before some of these privacy issues do get resolved and I think that will dictate a good deal of the future. The problem isn't lack of data. There's always been too much data. The problem is how do you make the data you have actionable and useful and where you can analyze it in a fashion that you can get insights and then act upon them in an appropriate amount of time.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think a couple of things to add. One is to keep in mind that these trading platforms have only been around for a couple of years at this point. So the development of them and how they're going to work out, we have to realize that they're only a couple of years old. Frankly, being involved in them – with them, there's a huge value in learning how they can work, et cetera. On a long-term basis, it's not really about the technology. It's about the insights in utilizing the technology or as John points out, there's a lot of data, but there's limited number of people that have the ability to get real insight out of that data. That's what our ultimate business is. Now in the early stages, we have to be somewhat the technology player, the data player because those things are all new. But on a long-term basis, it's going to be that insight that we can bring to our clients that's going to make the difference.
John D. Wren: And just final point on it. I think we're just at the beginning of the -- of where mobile will go. And as more money gets spent and we become more efficient in reaching consumers using mobile devices, because that remote control's with you 24 hours a day and generally always in your pocket, whatever shifts we've seen up until now, we're going to see yet another seismic shift.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And let me thank everyone for taking the time to listen to our call. And I guess the fourth quarter's going to be on us...
John D. Wren: Well, the fourth quarter is on us.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Is on us. The fourth quarter earnings will be here in no time. Thank you, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through October 17. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 259683. International participants, dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig Huber Leo Kulp - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd now like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2012 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call. I'd like to spend my time this morning by starting with our latest business results, give you my thoughts on the current environment and discuss our expectations for the rest of 2012. I'm happy to say that we had another strong quarter, especially when you consider some of the economic headwinds out there. We continue to deliver above average organic growth, and we remain very much on track to achieve our margin objectives for the year. For the second half, we are cautiously optimistic about revenues. We recognize that there are risks in a number of regions that could impact global growth. On the risk side, the situation in Europe remains tenuous. In the U.S., continuing fiscal concerns, unemployment and the upcoming elections create uncertainty. In Asia, even though overall growth is still quite attractive, the pace of their economic growth is also moderating. On the plus side, central banks in the U.S., Europe and Asia are acting in a manner that supports growth. And in our conversations with our clients, their focus remains on building their businesses around the world. We continue to keep an eye on the macroeconomic picture, but as I said last quarter, we are most focused on the things we can control. Even as we tightly manage our costs, we are making smart investments in our people, our service capabilities and our geographic footprint. These investments don't always make headlines themselves, but they are helping us to consistently win new business and to extend our existing client relationships. Across all of our networks and agencies, we are investing in talented people who are helping us to broaden our capabilities and service offerings and to fulfill our commitment to differentiating creative and executional excellence on behalf of our clients. This was most recently illustrated by our outstanding performance at the International Festival of Creativity in Cannes, where Omnicom agencies from 34 countries won more than 200 Lions, representing over 90 clients. I want to congratulate all of our agencies on their performance. The future of our industry belongs to those organizations that can deliver integrated solutions for clients. The marketplace is getting more complex. Consumers are blurring the lines between offline and online. New technologies offer greater opportunities to effectively communicate with customers, and in my opinion, we're only at the beginning. We are just learning how to effectively utilize social media and smartphone technology. To be successful, agencies must increasingly blend all these media, together with a deep understanding of data and analytics, to help their clients find and serve customers where they are and the way they want. And our agencies must be agile enough to keep learning and changing as technology does. Our entire digital strategy is built around this idea: build the expertise in every agency, make sure we are not weighted to any single technology and integrate these capabilities to better service our clients. In a recent example of our approach, in late June, TBWA announced the formation of the Digital Arts Network. Digital Arts Network unifies TBWA's proven digital talent, encompassing over 700 digital specialists in the network and initially rolling it out in 18 markets, a global footprint to rival any pure play digital shop. This talent will remain fully integrated within TBWA's existing business. Now I'd like to turn my attention to the second quarter. Organic growth for the quarter was a very strong 5.1%. We experienced positive growth in every major region around the world with the exception of the euro markets. Organic growth in our international markets outside of the euro was almost 9%. Our advertising business continued to perform very well, and our CRM business also had solid growth. Looking more closely at revenue by geography. We saw a continued strength in the U.S. with organic growth of 5.4%. U.S. growth was driven by strong results in advertising, branding, media and sports and event marketing. Offsetting this was a decline in our healthcare and specialty businesses. The U.K. experienced organic growth of 3.2%. The U.K. has been a consistently strong market for us, and during the quarter, we further improved our position through the acquisition of adam&eve, which is being combined with DDB U.K. adam&eve creativity and vision align perfectly with our culture and adds world-class talent to what is already one of our premier offices and markets. Given the continued challenges in Europe, euro region growth was negative, although the performance by market again varied. Germany and France were relatively flat. The more troubled euro markets also had a difficult quarter, with Portugal being the exception. Outside the euro currency area, Russia and Turkey had very strong performances. In Asia, we had double-digit growth, with Australia, China, Japan, India and Singapore all exhibiting very strong performance. Across our industry segments, we experienced solid results with auto, consumer products, retail and technology among the better-performing sectors. And net new business was over $1 billion for the second quarter. Turning to our capital structure. We're delivering on our commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet while making shareholders the major beneficiaries of Omnicom's strong cash flows. During the quarter, we raised $750 million in new debt at today's historically low rates, and we spent more than $550 million in share repurchases, bringing the total for the year to over $800 million. Even with this new debt, our balance sheet remains extremely solid, giving us the flexibility to pursue smart investments and acquisitions. We continue to seek acquisitions that allow us to further our strategic goals and that meet the test of fit and price that we deem necessary for our success. We are committed to maintaining this disciplined approach. Before I finish, I want to reiterate that we are on track to delivering our 2012 margin target. At the same time, we continue to balance these improvements with smart investments that will drive our growth that focus on delivering greater value for our clients and our shareholders. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our performance during the quarter. Despite the broad challenges in many regions of the world, our agencies are delivering solid growth with a sharp focus on cost and margins. We're doing this by continuing to provide their clients with world-class services using new mediums and technologies that integrate digital into their core capabilities. I will now turn the call back to Randy, who will take you through the numbers in more detail and then be available for questions. Thanks.
Randall J. Weisenburger: As John said, our agencies had an excellent performance in Q2, benefiting from their hard work and the delivery of innovative and insightful services to their clients. As a result, revenue came in at $3.6 billion, which was driven by very strong organic growth of 5.1% in the face of a stiff FX headwind of 3.7%. I'm going to address our revenue growth in more detail in a few minutes. EBITA increased 3.7% to $530 million. Strong organic revenue growth in the quarter combined with benefits of the many cost initiatives that our agencies have undertaken resulted in our EBITA margin expanding about 20 basis points this quarter to 14.9%. As we've previously stated, our objective for the full year is to match our 2007 margin performance, which was 13.4%. With the combined results through Q2, we're right on track to achieve that objective. Operating income or EBIT for the quarter increased 3.7% to $506 million, and the resulting operating margin of 14.2% was also a year-over-year improvement of about 20 basis points. Looking at the items below operating income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $34.9 million, up $7.3 million from Q2 of last year and up $5.7 million from the first quarter. During the second quarter, we issued $750 million of 10-year senior notes with an annual coupon of 3 5/8%. Both the year-over-year and the quarter-over-quarter increase in interest expense is predominantly due to the interest paid on the new bond. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was 34.3%, in line with Q2 of last year and in line with our expected operating tax rate for this year. As a result of that, net income for the quarter increased 2.8% to $282.7 million. On Slide 3, we show the computation of diluted EPS. The increase in net income combined with the year-over-year reduction in our diluted share count of just over 4% resulted in diluted EPS for the quarter of $1.02, which was an increase of 6.3%. Now on Slide 4, we take a closer look at our revenue performance, first with regard to FX. On a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar continued to strengthen against most of our major currencies in the quarter. The net result reduced revenue in the quarter by $130 million or 3.7%. As we've discussed in the past, the majority of our costs are incurred in the same currency as our revenues. As a result, the FX impact on our revenue flows pro rata through to our earnings, having a negligible effect on our operating margin. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to be negative by about 4.3% in Q3 and negative about 2.3% in Q4. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $25 million in the quarter or 7/10 of 1%. In addition to a handful of smaller acquisitions, this quarter, we continued to benefit from the Mudra, Marina Maher and DDB Turkey acquisitions that we completed in the fourth quarter of last year. I should also point out that Q2 was the first quarter that we fully lapped the Clemenger and Communispace acquisitions, which we completed in 2011. There are also a number of dispositions that we completed during the second half of 2011 that will continue to offset our acquisition revenue through the balance of the year. At this point, if we don't complete another acquisition or disposition for the balance of the quarter, that acquisition revenue will be positive about 1/2 of 1% in Q3. And finally, with regard to organic growth, we had another excellent quarter of 5.1% or $179 million. This quarter, organic revenue was driven by a combination of factors, with 3 that are worth noting. Our first, our agencies have continued to successfully develop innovative services utilizing the many new technologies and communications platforms being created in the market. Second, very strong new business wins over the past 2 or 3 quarters and again this quarter, with net wins just over $1 billion. And third, our agencies in many of the emerging markets, in particular in China, Russia and India, have continued to generate exceptional growth. Turning to our mix of business on Slide 5. Brand advertising accounted for 48% of our revenue, and marketing services, 52%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising's organic growth was 7.1%, driven by strong growth in our media businesses, emerging markets and the development of our digital capabilities, as I mentioned. Marketing services was up 3.3%. Within marketing services, CRM had a strong 5.8% organic growth, and within CRM, events, driven in part by Olympic-related activities, and branding were the fastest-growing subcategories. Public relations posted organic growth of about 1%, and specialty communications decreased 5.2%, primarily due to generally reduced spending by a number of our leading pharma accounts. On Slide 6 and 7, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split 52% domestic and 48% international. In the United States, revenue increased $95 million or 5.4%. Organic growth continued to be strong, generally across disciplines and industries, generating 5.4% growth or, again, about $96 million. Acquisitions net of dispositions was effectively neutral. International revenue decreased $22 million or about 1.3%. FX provided a strong headwind, causing revenue to decline 7.6% or $130 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue $25 million, and organic growth, although very mixed by region, continue to be strong overall at 4.8% or adding about $83 million to revenue. In Europe, of the larger countries, Russia continued to perform very well. The U.K. remained steady with 3.2% growth, and Germany and France were basically flat. Overall, the Eurozone markets were down about 1.5% organically. In Asia, we had strong performances across the region with double-digit growth in each of Australia, China, India, Japan and Singapore, and Latin America continue to turn in solid results, with standout performances in both Mexico and Chile this quarter. Slide 8 shows our mix of business by industry. And as the chart shows, there is no significant changes in either the year-over-year or quarter-on-quarter analysis, which is generally what we expect given the large diversified base of business that we have. As for growth rates, we had strong performances in the quarter in the auto, retail and consumer product sectors. Turning to Slide 9. Our cash performance for the first 6 months of the year was very good. We generated $664 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. On Slide 10, the breakdown of our primary uses of cash for the 6 months included dividends to our common shareholders of about $154 million. The year-over-year increase reflects the 20% increase we made to our quarterly dividend at the beginning of the year, dividends paid to minority interest shareholders of $57 million and capital expenditures of $113 million. As I pointed out last quarter, CapEx this year is up a bit year-over-year, primarily due to a couple of sizable office moves and the long-term lease renewals. Acquisitions, including earnout payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments totaled $99 million, and share repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans totaled $570 million. All-in, we overspent our free cash flow by about $329 million for the 6 months, which is in line with our expectations. Slide 11 shows our current capital structure. As everyone is aware, we issued $750 million in 10-year senior notes with an annual coupon of 3 5/8% interest early in the quarter. As a result, our total debt increased to $3.9 billion. However, our net debt position at the end of the quarter is basically flat from a year ago at $2.24 billion. As a result of the increased debt, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio increased to 2x, although our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, due to increased EBITDA, improved to 1.1x, and our interest coverage ratio also improved, due to our higher EBITDA, to 12.4x. And finally, on Slide 12, as we continue to successfully build the company through a combination of prudently priced acquisitions and well-focused internal development initiatives, our return on invested capital and return on equity have remained very strong. In the last 12 months, our return on invested capital improved to 16% and our return on equity improved to 28.2%. This concludes our prepared remarks. There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, I'm going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. I guess one for John and one for Randy. John, could you give us a bit more color on, I guess, what advertisers' tone is for the second half as far as just incrementally nervous, or are they generally comfortable with their existing spending plans, both in the U.S., and then if you saw anything directionally interesting or different in the larger euro markets, France and Germany? And then Randy, just a follow-up question, if you could touch -- update us on your priorities for use of cash, if you think you'll be more acquisitive in the back half of the year.
John D. Wren: Most advertisers are still comfortable with their spending levels for 2012. Although with the currencies acting the way they are and all the uncertainties out there, it's always subject to -- a good portion of their spending is subject to review. Most clients are focused on revenue growth and especially in those areas of the world where there's a rising middle class. And the United States performed, as you know, from our numbers, performed better than probably what GDP will come in at. So on balance, I would say there's cautious optimism, but everyone's aware of the headwinds that exist.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And as far as acquisitions, I don't know that we'll be that much more acquisitive in the second half. We've -- we completed a couple of deals the first half. Right at the beginning of the third quarter, we completed an acquisition called NIM in China. It was a good-sized acquisition, good-sized for us, a digital business. We're always focused on -- I think John's terminology was fit and price. Obviously, any acquisition we look has to culturally fit and fit with our strategy. And keeping with our character, we believe in creating value for our shareholders, so pricing is pretty important.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then any incremental data points on what you're seeing in the Eurozone? I mean, is there, I guess, anything that you saw in the quarter that would make you particularly more concerned about Q3, or is it, you think at this point, more of the same?
John D. Wren: Europe continues to kick the can down the road, so there's constant uncertainty. If there is anything that is true every morning, it's that you don't know what today will bring. So we're cautious. We remain cautious. We remain in contact with our clients. Many of them based in Europe are multinational. So their spending is not exactly in Europe. They're able to move it around to where there's growth. So euro is going to be a question, I think, for a long time. I'm just learning to live with it.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Randy, you highlighted the autos being up about 20%, which is an acceleration from the first quarter. With some of the weakness in the European auto sales, what are you hearing out of the markets for the category? And maybe from a credit or client perspective, do you see any early parallels today in Europe relative to the U.S. back in '08?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Wow. I think in the auto sector, in particular, I think most of it was our performance. I think our agencies did a good job. I think our clients are doing fairly well, and I think we're gaining some market share or business with them. I don't really see -- as far as your second part of the question, I don't see the analogy going back to 2008, frankly. I think the big dip in auto at that time was really availability of consumer credit, and I don't see that contracting at the current time. I don't necessarily see it expanding rapidly, but it seems fairly stable at this point.
John D. Wren: Overall, if I might -- this is John. If I could just remind you, this time last year, Japan was still suffering from the tsunami, so there wasn't as much product to meet demand, and that's been restored for the most part. Some of our clients are actually Japanese, so it's contributed a little bit to the growth that you see.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Old subject here, but can you talk a little bit about the flattening out of margins over the 4 quarters for this year versus like what happened back in 2007? What's sort of driving that, please?
John D. Wren: World's a different place than it was in 2007, but I'll let Randy go.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think our margins will track over the course of the year along with 2007. We were a little bit ahead in the first quarter. We brought it, I think, perfectly in line through the 6 months. I think the balance of the year will largely track. I mean, the third quarter's a -- traditionally been a lower-margin quarter because it's a smaller revenue quarter. Yes, we could have 20 or 30 basis points swing around the third quarter, I would guess. But again, we've committed to hitting the number for the full year. We're right on track to doing that. I'm very confident that we'll be able to.
Craig Huber: And also just further on margins. If you think about your traditional business versus the digital technology work that you guys do, what's your updated thoughts on the margins for the 2 different areas? Are they still pretty similar in your mind, or longer term, maybe there's more upside on the digital technology side?
John D. Wren: I'd say that, currently, there's not a great deal of difference between the 2. Technology, digital, as you're referring to it, is integrated into every single campaign, everything that we touch. It requires different skill sets, and it also adds to the pace of the work and how long the work can exist before it has to be refreshed and redone. So the world's a complex place, and not everything digital has a perfect ROI yet. It will. So until we get to then, I don't see any grand distinction between one or the other. A matter of fact, we don't see any distinction between use of digital and some of the -- what you referred to as the more traditional channels to reach consumers.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think if there is a difference in -- digital is, again, a broad word. It means, obviously, lots of different things. On our labor-related businesses, we're going to get very similar margins. In some of the new technology spaces, we're making investments in technology platforms. We expect to get a return on the investment in the platform as well as a return on the labor. In those circumstances, because we'll make a bigger investment in that platform, maybe the margins will actually appear to be higher because we're getting that joint return, but that's just a matter of timing. We're really focused more on a return on our capital, and I think that'll be pretty similar.
Craig Huber: And also just 2 quick housekeeping questions, if I could. Could you break out salary in the office and general line for us? And then also, what was your actual shares you bought back in the quarter, not the net, but the actual number, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let me get those -- let's keep going on. We'll get those answers. And we'll say them on -- following one of the other questions.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Leo Kulp with Citigroup.
Leo Kulp - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about how you think recent privacy initiatives, notably the potential for IE 10 to have Do Not Tracks as default, could impact your digital businesses and the broader digital market?
John D. Wren: Well, we do have privacy experts who follow this and, certainly, send me an email every day as to the state of the state. There is no question that we've always been conservative in terms of what technology will permit you to do and what you do, do in respecting the privacy laws, which are different market to market. It's a big unknown question as to what the future of that is, especially as mobile technology starts to take hold and we start to utilize it more to reach consumers.
Randall J. Weisenburger: But keep in mind those are the rules that you practice under. It's not going to change our business. These are very interesting communication mediums or platforms. Our clients and our firms will develop services to reach consumers over those platforms under the appropriate rules. It shouldn't change our business. It'll just change, again, the engagement rules. It's not going to change the desire of those mediums or our profitability. Going back to answering Craig's question, looks like we bought almost 11 million shares during the quarter. And as far as the breakout of salary and service and office and general, it was $2.541 billion in salary and service and $513 million in office and general.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Three things. I guess as you sit here now, and compared to 3 months ago, are there any variances in your outlook for organic growth by geography that are worth calling out versus what you thought they would be 3 months ago? And then secondly, are you seeing any more volatility in any of your more cyclical client categories? For example, I noticed that travel and entertainment spending was down in the second quarter, although there may have been some client-specific things driving that. But I was curious on that point. And then finally, I mean, it sounds to me like you continue to have more confidence in what your full year margin will be as opposed to exactly what your organic growth is going to be. Correct me if I'm wrong on that point, but I'm just wondering if, at this stage, in going through the rationalization of your business and closing things down and adjusting costs, what you see is kind of the flex that you have in terms of managing your operating expense to adjust to any changes or surprises in organic growth?
John D. Wren: I think I said in the first quarter call, and I think I repeated it earlier, we remain cautiously optimistic about our revenues. The -- as macroeconomic areas change, as governments, which are increasingly important, and the outcome of how economies and regions perform get involved in the action and the pace of which they get, this is a constant process. My feelings -- my overall feeling guiding the firm hasn't changed. My input changes every morning, and so we make appropriate adjustments where we can. It's a difficult time, given the level of global growth, and it's going to remain that way, I think, for a little while before it gets straightened out. But I think historically, you can look at performance of this management team, not only the people talking to you today, but the people running the companies, and see that even in more dire times, we've been able to do a superb job in adjusting our costs to whatever economic conditions we seem to face. And I'm sorry, I missed the middle of your question, so...
James G. Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Sure. Just -- are you seeing any more volatility in some of the more economically cyclical client categories? And then I noted in particular, the travel and entertainment spending was actually down in the quarter.
John D. Wren: I didn't look at it.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't think so. I mean, I think we see some stronger sectors, some of the technology areas. When clients are coming out with new products, I think we're seeing marketing spend following those. The other sectors, I think, are driven more by our operating performance, business wins and/or losses, that we can grow -- that we're growing our share, growing our revenue different than the economic growth in those underlying sectors.
John D. Wren: If it's all right with you, we'll go on while we look for the travel explanation. It could be client related. I don't know it off the top of my head, and then we'll answer it when we find it.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One for Randy and one for John. Randy, on the buyback, your net repurchases really stepped up in the quarter. I'm wondering if we should expect or you expect your pace of repurchases to more track the first half of this year in terms of overspending free cash flows you mentioned in your opening remarks, or should we expect that pace to sort of mirror last year's, where I think the second half wasn't as -- didn't have as much repurchase activity as the first half did. And a follow-up for John.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we'll probably track more or less like we did last year. That's what we said all along, that we would probably get to about this level, probably through the third quarter, which is somewhat of a smaller quarter, see how the year plays out, utilize most of our free cash and then we'll see what's happening in the fourth quarter.
John D. Wren: Just 2 things I would add to that. There's -- number one, there are a number of acquisitions out there that almost meet all our criteria, with the possible exception of fantasy pricing, from my point of view. So we'll see how it goes. There's things that I'd -- that I would invest in if I thought we get the proper return. So that enters into our thinking. And what we do is -- we have a board meeting later this week. We discuss this with our board, and when it comes to share repurchases, we have their authorization, but we seek their guidance constantly in terms of where we should be.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I would just -- that's an interesting point about trying to figuring out why there isn't more of a surge in M&A with the credit markets so accommodating. John, I was just wondering, this fantasy pricing, do you think that's -- do you think it's more because the credit markets are so accommodating, the sellers don't feel a sense of urgency? It just feels like these private market multiples are off the charts. What gives their -- since you bring it up, wonder what you think is going on.
John D. Wren: Yes. I wish I could give you a very crisp answer to that, and I can't. Some people are paying for -- to strategically broaden their platforms, or they look internally and they see deficiencies in the service capabilities that they have, and so they buy. I've seen in quite a number of recent deals where there's no competitor in the bidding for these companies, and the buyers are, I think, overpaying. Now I've been the CEO and I've been with this company for a long time, and so I never celebrate the purchase as much as I figure out how I'm going to repay my shareholders for the investment that I'm making. So it enters very heavily into our equation, and we've been pretty consistent over the years. And when you compare our results and what we've been able to do organically by investing in our company and our people, we haven't really been deficient and we haven't missed much, or I would say, we haven't missed anything. But I'm sure there's something we've missed. So I'm sorry, I'd probably do something else if I could answer that question better.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Just one last one for me, John. Within advertising, a couple of folks have asked about digital. You've said the spending on mobile just isn't there yet, I think you said in the past. And just even in the past quarter, it feels like we've had this explosion in handsets and devices globally. And so I'm wondering from your clients if you've seen any sort of pickup in interest in activity in mobile ad spend?
John D. Wren: I haven't seen a shift in the dollars yet, just an awareness level that it's coming. And we're getting better. Our clients are getting better at the use of mobile. And I think as we get better, in the future, it's going to garner a greater share of budgets. Going back to the earlier question on travel, it wasn't due to the sector as much as it was due to a specific client loss that we're cycling through.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could just talk about severance and just how you're managing kind of given the uncertainty in the climate, and whether there was a meaningful change in severance year-over-year in the June quarter.
Randall J. Weisenburger: There wasn't a meaningful change. I think it was pretty much flat, maybe up a couple million dollars. Flat, basically flat.
John D. Wren: Yes, to my great disappointment.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We're managing it. We're managing -- we're trying to manage our cost structures, our headcount and staff alignments extremely cautiously. As people know, it's quite expensive to adjust headcounts, especially in Europe. But our agencies are trying to manage as close to their current business levels as possible.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So just to clarify on a prior question on buybacks. Would you borrow to buy back stock?
John D. Wren: What was the question?
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So you talked about some of the trade-offs on buybacks and acquisitions and so forth.
John D. Wren: Right.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Would you borrow to buy back more stock?
John D. Wren: As a separate decision? I mean, is it...
Randall J. Weisenburger: We've kind of already done it, Bill. I mean, we've added a $750 million worth of debt at the beginning of the quarter. We came into the year, certainly prior to that, like with most years, saying that we had used all of our free cash flow on the combination of dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. The debate, I guess, this year is how does that alignment work between acquisitions and share repurchases and do we have leverage? We talked over the last quarter a little bit about going into, potentially, over the course of the year, utilizing some of that $750 million as additional leverage. Through the 6 months, we've overspent our free cash by about $330 million. We'll see where we end up for the full year, but it will be, obviously, someplace between utilizing all of our free cash and increasing our leverage within that $750-million zone.
John D. Wren: The only thing I would add is the motivation and the timing of borrowing the $750 million had more to do with pricing and the attractiveness of it than for any other reasons. We were going to do it, Randy just said that, whether we borrow the $750 million or not. So I don't know if that's answering your question.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Yes. No, that's helpful. And do you expect to get any lift in your business in the September quarter from the Olympics?
John D. Wren: It's -- it'll be muted, if it is. A lot of work that is done on the Olympics, except for specific travel and entertainment, is work that's already been incurred and is already running. So I think the significant benefit from the Olympics has been -- we've already received a lot of it. The other side of that equation is people who are spending in July and early August tend to flatten out in the third month of the quarter post the Olympics. So I'm not anticipating any great lift as a result of the Olympics in the quarter itself. I don't know if Randy has a different view.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No. I mean, I mentioned that I think we got some left in the second quarter from the Olympics. I could see in some of our event businesses, where I know they do quite a bit in the Olympics, it was maybe $10 million or $15 million of revenue in the quarter. As John points out, I think most of the work associated with the Olympics has certainly already been done. And I don't know that there's a huge increase in spending in aggregate across marketing disciplines just because it's an Olympic year. I certainly think people focus on the Olympics as a marketing theme. But if their overall spending increases dramatically, that one's harder to predict.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: At the risk of beating this topic to death, I want to go back to the results by industry. And I think one thing that's intriguing to us here is the really wide gap across the different -- performance gap across the different sectors here. And going back to second quarter of 2011, I don't think you guys provided this breakout of growth by sector, so it's difficult for us to look at kind of year-on-year comps to see if there are any particular events driving this. So given the fact that other is such a substantial -- it's 1/5 of your revenues, and we saw a pretty substantial deceleration there quarter-on-quarter, and then we see what's happened in telecom, and I think James mentioned T&E, can you give us any more color -- do you have any more color as to whether this is a different type of world situation you're seeing here? And finally, is this organic growth? Just to remind us -- I should know this -- is this organic or is this total reported and, therefore, subject to FX issues?
Randall J. Weisenburger: The numbers here are total reported growth. Yes, I always caveat these numbers, because, frankly, it's difficult for us to have them be meaningful as well. We're dealing with year-over-year changes that include new business wins and losses as well as the underlying industry spend, and it's quarter-on-quarter, which, if a company or a client moves, then, from one quarter to another quarter, it can make a difference in these numbers when you're cutting up our totals into industry sectors, which are relatively small numbers. So relatively small changes can make a change in these year-over-year growth rates. As well as John pointed out in the T&E area, it's a client loss that can move the needle. They just haven't cycled on. So I don't personally put a lot of emphasis on thinking that this gives us an analysis to what's going on in the economies.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Or no growing concern that a category such as Other sees a deceleration and it's such a sizable piece of the business, it's not any bit of a forecasting tool for you in any way?
John D. Wren: No.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, not at all.
John D. Wren: I mean, we'll -- we look at it, but you're looking for over a much broader period of time than simply a quarter. I mean, 1% of growth is only $30 million for the entire corporation in a quarter. So once you start to break it down into these segments, the numbers, as Randy mentioned, get pretty small.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Last quick one. Could you offer any comments on the PR business? Are you feeling comfortable with the assets there? And is there kind of any onetime events that are impacting the trajectory of growth there?
John D. Wren: Very comfortable with our PR assets. I don't know how well you know me. I'm very comfortable and never satisfied. So there's always more to do. We have great brands, and we have a couple of things which we could improve on. But the direction in the management teams, the products, I'm very comfortable with.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: A couple more follow-ups on the quarter and one on the outlook, please. Could you explain in the U.S. why your Q2 organic growth accelerated versus Q1, even on a difficult comp? Was that account wins, or what might have been driving that? Secondly, in Europe, is it possible to estimate or say what the contribution from the football championships was? I heard what you said on the Olympics. Just wondering if the soccer made a difference on your Europe growth in Q2. And lastly, just to make sure I understand, on Q2 margins, the expansion was quite a bit less than it had been in previous periods. Why was that? And just to come back on a previous question, what sort of buffer do you have to get your target for full year in case things get materially worse on the top line in the second half?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Wow, a lot of questions. So the U.S., obviously, it's our business performance not the underlying economy. I don't think in the second quarter the underlying U.S. economy improved in any meaningful way, maybe even -- it was flat and, certainly, sideways to down.
John D. Wren: The only thing I would add to that, and I'll -- so I mean, do Huntley-Brinkley here, is some of the wins last year, which are cycling in now, have an impact on that. Plus, there's an increasing trend on the part of clients to reduce the number of suppliers, vendors, advertising companies that they deal with, and oft times, we become the beneficiary of that.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, that's certainly the case. I also was going to say, I think our strategy around new technologies and, basically, making sure that we're building those capabilities and insights into all of our agency platforms is becoming, evidently, the right strategy. I think we're seeing good results across a lot of our agencies because of that. As far as the -- you had a question about benefits of the World Cup in Europe, I don't know. I mean, I -- it wasn't something that stood out in the aggregate. I'm sure some of our agencies benefited because of that. But how much, I don't know.
John D. Wren: And I'd have to admit, out of all the concerns we've had in Europe, I wasn't looking at positives. I was looking at potential downside. So we didn't focus on it. So we don't know the answer to that.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And margins, we're very comfortable with being able to achieve our margin objectives for the full year. With the first quarter, we were a little bit ahead. This quarter, we managed our margin to make sure we were right on track. We are very confident that we're going to be able to achieve the number for the full year. And now, given that we're right on track through 6 months, it means we have more flexibility of making sure we're going to achieve that number in the second half. It's not that it's not without a challenge. Certainly, our agencies have to focus every day on controlling their costs and managing their margins to keep that flexibility in place. But incentive compensation is the primary flex point at this point, and I think we're in good shape or good position.
Operator: And that last question, then, comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: John, you mentioned in your opening comments how you're still early days in learning how to use mobile and social to benefit your clients, and I know it's always a little difficult to parse integrated work. But maybe at the highest level possible, I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on now the economics to your agencies may change as you do more earned and owned media work for your clients, particularly around social and mobile platforms and where there is no media company on the end usually to buy the impressions of and, again, how that changes economics for your agencies.
John D. Wren: Sure. If there is a formula, I don't possess it. Not yet. There's a lot of learning that goes on, which means that you're making investments as people learn and practice in these areas to find out what's effective and what isn't effective. Longer term, I think we will get a greater correlation between ROI and the effectiveness of some of these new capabilities, but it's still early days. And most mobile phone advertising up until now has taken a form of banner ads or not truly integrated into the social fabric of what the product is. I see that changing very, very rapidly. And our ability to use phones to motivate, especially at the point of sale, what a consumer would do is also increasing every day as we speak. So it's early days. I've highlighted it. I start most of my CEO meetings by saying mobile first, even though the budgets and the here-and-now spending hasn't yet shifted into these areas. And social is an experiment at the moment in that there's a lot of impact, there's a lot of chatter, and I don't think there's great science behind motivating the discussion of it and tying that directly to the purchase of an individual product. But that'll increase as time goes on. So it's early days, and I don't have the answer.
Randall J. Weisenburger: If our people are innovative, which they are, I think we have the innovative people in the industry globally, these new communications platforms provide us opportunities to create enhanced services for our clients. That's going to create opportunities for revenue enhancement across our agency platforms. So this is all exciting opportunities for us, and we're at the very beginning of it.
John D. Wren: And just one more final point on it. As a generalization, complexity is good for our business, because our clients require us to be able to help them simplify and direct their spending. So in the aggregate, all of these new opportunities are just that, opportunities for us.
Randall J. Weisenburger: So with that, I think we'll thank everyone for taking the time to listen to our call. Hopefully we answered most everyone's questions, and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John D. Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Craig Huber Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to know introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. But before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included in the back of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review the financial performance for the quarter in more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren: Good morning. I'm pleased to speak to you this morning about our latest business results, the progress we're making and my thoughts for the rest of the year. 2012 is off to a very good start. First quarter results were strong. Revenues exceeded our internal forecast, and we posted significant improvement in our operating margins. Looking at the balance of the year, we're cautiously optimistic on revenue. The region most at risk is Europe. Major economies outside Europe, I'm happy to say, seem to be improving at a steady pace.  From the cost side, our determination to contain costs and drive operating efficiencies is working, and we are on track to achieve our margin objectives for 2012. Given an improving but fragile global economy, we at Omnicom are focused on the things we can control. We are continuing to make significant investments in people to broaden our capabilities and service offerings. We're also pursuing, as you know, a multi-pronged digital strategy built around the core idea that all of our agencies must have a strong digital talent and capabilities in order to compete in the future.  As a result, we are helping and pushing our agencies where needed in order to accelerate the expansion of their digital expertise. To achieve our objectives, we're employing an open-source technology approach by partnering with technology leaders to ensure that we have access to the latest innovations and information in the marketplace. These partnerships allow us to integrate the most effective digital strategies within our clients' overall marketing plans. Now I'd like to turn my attention to the first quarter. Organic growth for the first 3 months was a very strong 5.1%. Revenue growth in the quarter was driven by very positive results in developing markets, and solid performances in the U.S. and the U.K. This was balanced at the euro markets, which experienced only nominal growth. Our advertising business performed very well, while our PR businesses showed improvement for the first time in several quarters.  Looking more closely at revenue by geography, we saw a continued strength in the U.S. with organic growth of 4.4%. U.S. growth was driven by strong results in brand advertising, media, and sports and event marketing and was offset by a decline in our healthcare specialty business. The U.K. experienced organic growth of 4.1%. While the U.K. growth slowed versus the fourth quarter, the market remains relatively favorable despite the broader challenges in Europe and our individual agencies are performing very well. Euro region growth overall was relatively flat, although the performance by market varied. Germany turned in a solid quarter, France was only slightly negative, and the Netherlands underperformed due primarily to the effects of a client loss.  In the more troubled European markets, Greece and Ireland were negative for the quarter, while the southern European markets had positive growth.  Outside the euro currency area, Russia and Turkey had very strong performances with double-digit growth.  In the first quarter we again had strong performances across Asia, particularly Australia, China and Singapore. In Japan, we are happy to say that we had positive organic growth for the first time since the third quarter of 2010. We again experienced growth across almost all of our industry segments. Revenues during the quarter were particularly strong in auto, food and beverage, retail and technology, while only health care had a negative performance.  During the quarter, our agencies continued to see the benefits of their high-quality work. Net new business for the quarter was over $1 billion, representing a strong start for 2012. As I mentioned earlier, we experienced solid improvement in our margins. Randy will provide more details on the specifics of our performance later in the call. But I would like to emphasize that at this point, we will achieve our goal of returning full year margins to the level we achieved in 2007. I'd also like to comment on our overall strategy for allocating our capital. As I noted on the year-end call, our balance sheet remains extremely sound. This gives us the flexibility to make smart investments and reasonably priced acquisitions to further our strategic goals.  During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Medical Collective Intelligence, MCI, in Japan. MCI provides online and market research to clients in pharmaceutical and medical device industries in the world's second largest pharmaceutical market. And the innovative digital platform offered by MCI has great potential to be rolled out to other markets, especially in Asia.  Yesterday we also announced the acquisition of NIM Digital, a leading agency in China specializing in media planning and buying, search and digital production services. The addition of NIM will add to our digital capabilities, particularly in search, and will allow us to increase the breadth of our services to our clients. We expect acquisition activity in Asia and other high-growth markets will accelerate over the course of the year. In addition to our acquisitions, we will continue to utilize our free cash flow for dividends and share repurchases. These distributions are fundamental to our commitment to make shareholders the major beneficiaries of Omnicom's strong cash flow.  Our performance this quarter reflects our commitment to delivering the highest quality work for our clients around the world, continually expanding our capabilities to effectively market in the digital world and building strong agency cultures. These values are at the core of what we do, and we believe they are the key factors to our success.  I will now turn the call back to Randy, who will take you through our numbers in more detail.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. Q1 was a great start to the new year. Revenue came in at just over $3.3 billion, with total year-over-year revenue growth of 5% and organic growth continuing well ahead of expectations at 5.1%. I'll address our revenue growth in detail in a few minutes. EBITA increased 12.7% to $387 million, strong organic revenue growth in the quarter, combined with the benefits of the numerous cost reduction initiatives that our agencies have executed over the past 18 months has resulted in our EBITA margin expanding about 80 basis points to 11.7%. Our objective for the full year is to match our 2007 margin performance, and while this is only one quarter, we are pleased that our Q1 performance was about 30 basis points ahead of that target annualized. Amortization of intangibles for the quarter increased 16% or $3.3 million year-over-year, but was up only marginally from Q4. Operating income, or EBIT, increased 12.5% to $363 million and resulting operating margin of 11% was a year-over-year improvement of about 80 basis points as well.  Now turning to Slide 2, and taking a look at the items below operating income. Net interest expense for the quarter was $29.2 million, down $2.9 million from Q1 of last year and down about $1.1 million from the fourth quarter. The decrease versus Q4 was primarily the result of decreased average borrowings during the first quarter. On the tax front, our reported rate for the quarter was 32.8%, up from 25.5% in Q1 last year. In both years, our general operating rate was about 34%. Last year, the rate was brought down primarily because the remeasurement gain recorded on the Clemenger deal was nontaxable. And this year, there were a couple of small benefits that reduced the rate for the quarter as well. For the full year, we continue to expect our rate to be between 34% and 34.3%. Affiliate income in the quarter increased about $1 million, and our minority interest increased by just over $6 million due to a combination of increased earnings in our existing businesses where we owned less than 100%, and a few of our recent acquisitions where we acquired less than 100%. As a result, net income for the quarter increased 1.3% to $204.6 million. At the top of Slide 3, we show the allocation of net income between our common shares and participating securities or restricted stock. As a result of a year-over-year increase in restricted shares, the allocation of net income to participating securities increased to 4.5 million, leaving net income for common shareholders at just over $200 million for the quarter. Year-over-year, we reduced our outstanding weighted average diluted share count by just over 4%, down to 277.5 million shares. As a result, diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.72. On Slide 4, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX. On a year-over-year basis, the U.S. dollar strengthened against most of our major currencies, including the euro and the pound. While the dollar weakened against the yuan, the yen and the Australian dollar, the net result reduced revenue by $36 million or about 1.1%. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are, we expect FX to be negative by about 3% in Q2 and by about 1.75% for the full year of 2012. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $31 million in the quarter or about 1%. In this quarter, our acquisition revenue was driven by the Clemenger and Communispace acquisitions which we completed in Q1 of 2011, as well as the Mudra, Marina Maher and DDB Turkey acquisitions that we completed in Q4. Also during the first quarter, we continued making investments and completed 3 new acquisitions in Japan, Russia and Australia. Obviously, our acquisition revenue is net of the revenue lost from a number of dispositions we completed over the course of 2011. If we don't complete another acquisition or disposition, acquisition revenue in the second quarter will be about 0.6%. And with regard to organic growth, we had another very strong quarter and continued to outperform expectations at 5.1% or $161 million. This quarter, organic revenue was driven by a combination of factors. First, very strong new business wins, both this quarter and over the past several quarters. Second, the continued rebound in spending by many of our clients. Third, continued above average growth in the developing markets, in particular, in China, Russia, India and Latin America. And most important, our agencies continuing to expand their capabilities and service offerings to provide innovative marketing solutions for their clients. Turning to our mix of business on Slide 5, brand advertising accounted for 47% of our revenue, and marketing services 53%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising's organic growth was 8.5%, driven by growth in our media businesses, emerging markets and the continuing rapid growth of our services utilizing digital technologies. In aggregate, margin services was up 2.3% and within this sector, CRM had 3.1% organic growth. This sector was led by strong performances in events, branding and research. Public relations had a very solid quarter with organic growth rebounding to 4.4%, and specialty communications decreased 3.9%, primarily due to generally lower spending by a number of our leading pharma clients.  On Slide 6, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split 52% domestic and 48% international. In the United States, revenue increased $67 million or about 4%. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, reduced revenue by $6.5 million and organic growth continued to be strong generally across disciplines and industries coming in at 4.4% or $73 million. International revenue increased $89 million or about 5.9%. As I said, FX was negative 2.4% or $36 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $37.6 million or about 2.5%. And organic growth continued to be very strong at a positive 5.8% or $88 million, although results were still quite mixed by region.  In Europe, as has been the pattern now for several quarters, results continue to be mixed. Russia continued to perform very well, the U.K. remained steady and Germany had a very solid quarter, while France and the Netherlands were both down. Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece and Spain, although relatively small for us, in the aggregate were up about 3%. In Asia, we had very strong performances in Australia, China, India and Singapore. Japan also had a good quarter, and Korea was flat. We also continued to have very good results in the other emerging markets of Asia, the Middle East and Latin America, with a standout performance for the quarter in Mexico. Turning to Slide 7, which shows our mix of business by industry, there were no significant changes in the quarter versus Q1 of 2011, or Q4 for that matter. And as you can see from this slide, we had growth in every industry sector except pharma this quarter, with strong growth in autos, retail, travel and entertainment and technology. Turning to Slide 8, our cash performance in the quarter was in line with our expectations. We generated approximately $311 million of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital.  On Slide 9, you can see the breakdown of our primary uses of cash during the quarter. They included dividends to our common shareholders of about $70 million, which reflected the 20% increase in our quarterly dividend, dividends paid to minority interest shareholders of $23 million, capital expenditures of $46 million. We should note CapEx this year will likely be up a bit year-over-year due to a couple of real estate moves and an upfront investment to support our initiatives to increase the centralization of our IT infrastructure. Acquisitions including earnout payments, net of the proceeds received from the sale of investments, totaled $13 million in the quarter; and share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled $153 million. All in, we were basically cash or leverage neutral for the quarter. Slide 10 shows our current capital structure. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was $1.66 billion, a decrease of about $40 million since last year. Our leverage ratio or total debt-to-EBITDA ratio improved to 1.6x, while our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 1 at 0.8x. And our interest coverage ratio remains very strong and improved in the quarter a full turn to 12.9x.  And finally on Slide 11, as we continue to successfully build the company through a combination of prudently-priced acquisitions and well-focused internal development initiatives, both our return on invested capital and return on equity have remained strong. On a rolling 4-quarter basis, for the 4 quarters ended 3/31/2012, our return on invested capital improved to 16.9% and our return on equity improved to 26.9%. So in summary, we believe we're off to a great start for the new year, and we believe we are on track to meet the targets for 2012 that we set out last year. This concludes our prepared remarks. There are, however, several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, I'm going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: My question is really about margins. I wanted to ask about beyond this year, you've been very clear about your 13.4% target but beyond that, can you give us some sort of thought as to where margins could go? And the second part of the question is your comment toward the end there about some CapEx increases this year and real estate moves and some IT centralization, that is pretty intriguing to me, if you could talk a bit more about that and how that might lead in the cost efficiencies over time.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Okay. I'll do the second part of the question. So periodically, when we have larger office moves, CapEx can spike a little bit because of buildout. So this year, we have a couple of those. BBDO in New York being one and being the largest. It also looks like we're going to acquire an office space in Florida, so that would a little bit of CapEx layout. And then from an IT centralization standpoint, we've been working for a few years now to bring together our data centers by -- at least by network. So a number of those initiatives are being developed this year. So that will have a modest increase in CapEx, maybe to the tune, in aggregate, an increase of $20 million to $30 million.
John D. Wren: To the first part of your question, this is John, margins. We're comfortable in giving a forecast of what our margins are going to be this year. Obviously, we're constantly working on becoming more efficient. We'll continue to do that. But at this point, I don't think we want to lay out our objectives beyond 12/31/12.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Could you maybe give us some more numbers behind the real estate and IT? Any indication of what the cost savings for those from those might be?
Randall J. Weisenburger: In the current year, I don't think there will be any. It may actually be an increase in cost because we're going through the transition period of moving IT from existing locations, so we'll continue to have those costs creating the centers, obviously have those costs and we'll end up running those capabilities parallel for some period of time. On an ongoing basis, we think it will enhance our capabilities. We think it will give us more robust systems and a lot of standardization around the network. And hopefully, it will lead to efficiencies as well.
Operator: And our next question will come from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing in Europe now that you're entering the second quarter, specifically in France? Any signs of stability or improvement there? And with regards to the client loss that you highlighted in the Netherlands, do you -- any sense of when you circle that loss?
John D. Wren: I'll do the second part first. The client that we lost in the Netherlands, if nothing else happens, we'll have that loss through the balance of the year. At least through the year. Having said that, we have 2 other agencies which we own bidding for that same work. So if we're lucky and successful and one of them retains the work, it will mitigate that loss. I don't know if it will mitigate it in the Netherlands, but it will mitigate it in the aggregate. I'm sorry, the second part of your question?
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In France, any -- I know it's early in the second quarter, but any sense of stability there, any signs of improvement?
John D. Wren: There's no instability. There's uncertainty, I guess. They're going through their elections now. And so people are distracted on other things and they're distracted by Greece and Spain and implications for the whole EU. So we're not seeing any great setbacks, but we're not seeing any plans for expansion in our conversations.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then the positive swing that you saw, I guess company-wide in PR, any driver behind that, it may be a client win or is that general sort of improvement in that segment?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it's a combination of general improvement in the segment. We're rebounding but frankly, the business broadly was pretty solid really over the last couple of quarters, and it just kind of wasn't appearing in the numbers. So I don't think it's a big rebound or a big turnaround. Our businesses are in very good shape. They've done a good job with their clients. It's just starting. I guess, it's really just coming back into the numbers.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Then I guess last question just given your very healthy free cash flow, should we assume the same level of share buyback in Q2 that we saw in Q1?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it will probably increase a little bit on a net basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Maybe I missed this, but how many shares did you buy back in the quarter, please?
John D. Wren: Somebody has that, and they're getting it for you.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. There's really 2 numbers. They're like, one is what we bought and the other is what we bought, net. So we spent about $152 million net, so that'd be about -- I think we reduced the share count probably about 3 million, but we bought 5.3 million shares.
Craig Huber: Okay, very good. And then generally each quarter, your quarterly target is about $1 billion for net new client billings. What was that number this quarter, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It was about $1.1 billion.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then your organic growth in the quarter about 5.1%, Randy or John, would you say roughly half of that was from net new wins and half was from existing business? How would you break that down, roughly?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Don't know. That's not a number that we can really get to very easily.
Craig Huber: Okay, my last...
John D. Wren: It's been years back. It's never -- new business is never as much as half. Just as a generalization, historically speaking, it's generally about 1/3.
Craig Huber: And then last, if I could, your comments on pharma, do you expect that to be dogging you for the rest of the year? What's your current thoughts on that, please?
John D. Wren: In part, some of the delays and the setbacks we have is that drugs, which we had anticipated, were going to get approval and be out in the market. We didn't get that final approval. In one case, we lost a few pieces of business, but we've since won more business in the same therapeutic category. I think it's going to be a tough year for -- in the pharma business. We might see a slight improvement over what we saw in the first quarter, but it's still going to be a tough year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you've made the comments in your prepared remarks about the upside versus your internal forecast at the revenue because revenue specifically you highlighted on exceeded your forecast. Was that PR based on the prior conversation, or maybe could you elaborate a little bit more into -- whether that came by discipline or by industry or even if there was any timing within the quarter?
John D. Wren: There certainly wasn't too much in the way of timing. I think it was across the board, to tell you the truth.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think it was really across the board. Our brand communications businesses were very strong in the quarter. New business wins over the past few quarters have been very strong. Never quite know with some of the new business wins when the revenue is going to actually start coming through fully. So I think it's a combination of things.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So in terms of timing then, I mean, would you -- was March -- was there any acceleration of revenue growth throughout the quarter in March, or was that in line with your internal forecast?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It was pretty steady throughout the quarter.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Finally then, just almost, I'm sensing a little bit of change in tone with regards to your proclivity for acquisition opportunities in Asia or particularly China relative to what you've done in the past. Is that just me, or are you finding that the target opportunities are becoming more appealing or your ability to analyze them and gain comfort with them has at all changed?
John D. Wren: I don't think -- well, we certainly wouldn't want to think we've changed. We continue to look and we're getting closer on a number of possibilities.
Randall J. Weisenburger: See, acquisitions in that region take quite a bit of time. We closed this quarter the NIM acquisition, which we've been working on for over a year. I remember having met with them several times last year, possibly even the year before. So transactions in that region can take some time. I think we're just as committed to looking and have just as good a pipeline, maybe even a better pipeline than we've had over the past and certainly have a lot of resources focused on it.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like that the acquisition pipeline is looking pretty robust, that the activity may pick up. If I look at your leverage ratio, you guys restored your leverage back up to the pre-downturn levels but here it is, it creeps back down just through some natural deleveraging. Should we expect that to go back up perhaps as a result of the acquisitions?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It wouldn't be as a result of acquisitions. It would be our desire to increase or just adjust our leverage. We control our leverage really through the amount of share repurchases that we do. We would love to spend as much money, frankly, as we can on good quality acquisitions that create a lot of value for our shareholders. The balance of the money really is how much stock we repurchase.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two questions. First, with some news during the quarter about a unique relationship for Chevy that you created with Interpublic commonwealth, just hoping to hear a little bit more background on how that came about and what we should expect for operations going forward in decision-making. And then second and sort of separately, a big picture question around sort of the rise of social media platforms and brands taking more advantage of earned media opportunities and being able to get their messages out through some of the free platforms out there. And just maybe interested in your high-level thoughts on how that type of work changes the dynamic for your agencies in terms of the percentage of budget that they're able to capture versus a traditional paid media type of work?
John D. Wren: Well in the first instance, Commonwealth. I was invited by Jeff Goodby, he's been a partner of mine since 1989, to listen to an interesting concept and the concept was that he believed that the work that they do on Chevy, plus he pointed out 3 outstanding creative guys which are in the McCann group, really should get together and form some kind of a new entity to aid in the resurgence of Chevy as the leading global brand and asked if we would entertain an unusual situation, which was Commonwealth, and do a partnership with IPG. Knowing and trusting Jeff as much as I do and knowing the objective of what they're trying to accomplish and knowing 2 of the 3 other creative guys, it was a pretty simple decision for us to agree to it. And it resulted in Michael Roth and I shaking hands and saying that we'd make it work. And your second question?
Randall J. Weisenburger: As far as social media or earned media platforms, they have been -- or that trend has been a factor now for a while and is certainly one of the drivers that are helping our industry outpace, I will say, normal industry growth or normal GDP type growth. Obviously, market is getting more complex as there's more and more of these platforms and more media opportunities or communication opportunities with potential customers. It's our agencies jobs to come up with innovative marketing solutions for their clients utilizing the full array of marketing mediums and technologies that are available. Obviously, that takes a lot of time and in general, we're getting paid for our time.
John D. Wren: I'd say that social media is a central part though of just about all the major campaigns that we do today. And it's a big part of what our PR companies do. It's a big part of what our advertising agencies do. It's a big part of what our media companies do. And if you're there, I bet you in May when we sit with -- we discern who -- what campaigns did well in Con and some other festivals, we're going to find fully integrated ones that really took advantages of the social media and had earned and unearned media associated with the ones that are going to succeed.
Operator: Question comes from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. I guess on the growth outlook, any color you can give on how your view of the growth environment has changed over the past quarter. Obviously, the first quarter growth was better than you expected. I'm just wondering if that's continuing through toward the outlook that you have just going forward. And then I guess, kind of secondarily to that, your growth comparison for the second quarter gets a little bit tougher. Is that something that we should be using to maybe not assume maybe quite the same robust growth in the second quarter? And then I had just one follow-up.
John D. Wren: Sure. If you're comparing to last year's second quarter, that was an outlier, an outperformer last year. I think -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, I think it was something on the order of 8.4%. So I don't expect that. That was -- there were a lot of unique reasons for that, and plus the business over the years has flattened out a little bit so to follow the historic patterns of what it did in 2007 even. So we have concerns. We're cautiously optimistic. Europe has to remain stable and not affect the rest of the world. The U.S. has to continue to grow, and Asia looks okay now whereas a week ago, I might have had greater uncertainty, so it's not something we can predict. It's something we prepare for and then we take advantage of when we can.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I've been reading that people are saying 3% to 5% growth for the year. While we don't give forecast or guidance, 3% to 5% sounds certainly like a reasonable range. We peg this, we probably say 4%, plus or minus 1%, which I guess gets us to that same 3% to 5% spot.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: But your view of that really hasn't changed too much year-to-date?
John D. Wren: No. No. I mean the areas we can control are below revenue. And that's what our -- that's where we spend a great deal of time. And we make sure we're prepared to take advantage of revenue opportunities when they arise.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one follow-up, just on the acquisition environment which you touched on before. I mean, do you have any general sense; if you looked at everything that was in your pipeline now and things closed in line with some reasonable expectation on timing as to what the full year impact to that would be, you gave some outlook for the second quarter. But I'm just trying to get a little bit better sense of the size of the pipeline, obviously allowing for the fact that sometimes things are not going to close as you expect.
John D. Wren: Well, I'm the wrong guy. I don't get paid to guess. A projection of acquisitions when they'd hit.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, that's impossible to really forecast. We don't close deals until they're ready, until we've completed our work, until we're confident that they can be properly integrated into our business and to our accounting of financial systems. When that all comes together, the deal closes.
John D. Wren: Oftentimes, getting a handshake is the easiest part of the process and then making certain that procedures and everything else are in alignment take a disproportionate -- take an appropriate, apparently, amount of time, but take a long time.
Operator: And the next question comes from Brian Wieser with Pivotal Research.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Two questions, one related to underlying growth trends. Inside of advertising, you mentioned media is a contributing factor. Are the creative agencies generally still growing recently at this point in time? And inside of that sector, to what degree is the barter business or the trading desk contributing to growth? A second, semi-related separate question. We've seen consultancies such as IBM, Accenture and now even Australia Deloitte is starting to get into the marketing services business as CIO and CMO responsibilities are starting to intersect. Love to hear your views on how that is evolving in terms of competitive landscape.
John D. Wren: Second one first. There'll always be competitors. The difference in the people that you mentioned versus what the more traditional holding companies do is there's advice and then there's execution of a program. Giving advice is simple. Getting into the foxhole with the client and executing on the plan and making certain that it works is a bit more complex. So whereas there will always be competition and competition for certain aspects of the business, I don't see the people that you mentioned coming into our sweet spot anytime soon. But we're vigilant as always. And the first part of your question?
Randall J. Weisenburger: The first part was were the creative agencies growing and absolutely. They're big drivers, and that's somewhat of a disconnect in the idea that there's digital firms growing and there's the creative firms. Well in our approach, our creative firms are fully integrated. They're coming up with great ideas and executing those ideas across mediums and disciplines and whether it's social media, online or great TV, they're the center of that idea creation and execution. We also mentioned our media companies growing. Our media business has been doing extremely well across fronts, both in I'll say more traditional media, although I'm not sure that exists anymore because the programs are mostly integrated. But they've developed excellent digital capabilities and analytics capabilities, all of which are helping them to drive their growth.
Brian W. Wieser - Pivotal Research Group LLC: And any thoughts about barter and trading desks as the contributing factors?
John D. Wren: Barter is about flat year-over-year. It is a business. Trading desk is an incredible platform, and its limitations are -- it's only limited by the amount of inventory it can free from the publishers, which we're always working on exchanges and private exchanges and the like to get value that we want. So that's a business that -- that's a business of the present and the future, and it will only grow as times go on.
Operator: And the next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First for Randy, just a housekeeping question. If you could please breakout salary and service expenses from office and general expenses, if you have that, that'd be great.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we included it in the presentation.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It might be. I didn't see it. I could follow up offline, if that's easier for you.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I got it. Salary and service is $2,434,400,000 and office and general is $510.4 billion.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then more broadly for John, when you think about -- you've talked about digital quite a bit. When you think about the acceleration we're seeing in mobile and apps on mobile, it feels like business explosion of volume and usage, but mobile and app media pricing remains well below PC. I'm just wondering what you're hearing from your clients on this? Are you advising them to more dramatically raise their allocation to mobile? Can you talk about mobile and apps as it relates to branding for your clients? And maybe what does the market need to see for there to be a catch-up on the demand side to keep up with all this tremendous explosion in usage?
John D. Wren: Sure. The spending is not there yet. I start everyone in my CEO meetings with the fact that whatever we have to talk about, it's going to be mobile first at some point. I see the device eventually being the equivalent of when they introduced remote controls into living rooms. It will dictate your life someday and as a result, marketing allows tremendous impact. I think no one from our side has cracked meaningful, engaging type of advertising on the phone yet. That's still in test. I think once that happens, you'll see budgets follow it rather vigorously. Apps are cool, but apps aren't the solution, in my opinion.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you think it's a technology thing that has to happen, adapting branded campaigns to the form factor of mobile or do you think it's just a mentality that needs to shift more dramatically in the mindset of the CMOs and your clients?
John D. Wren: Well, let me put it this way. I agree with your premise that it is going to be explosive in the future. I don't really have the solution in my mind, but I'd have to be honest with you. If I did have the solution, I wouldn't disclose it in this conference call. I'd execute it, and that's why you'd see it. But we're working on it. We're certainly working on it.
Operator: And our next question is from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I want to ask you about China, Russia, India and Latin America. Has your appetite to go after domestic clients there increased at all, or are we really looking at growth that's being fueled by your relationships with that top 250 clients, the multinationals you talked about?
John D. Wren: We will have to do that by market as opposed to the broad list that you gave. In China, naturally we're after the 250 and then what we're after, and we have some examples of it already like Huawei, of large Chinese companies that are either going to become global or are, in fact, global. Those are our immediate targets. We're learning every day about the local market. Oftentimes, very local market advertising opportunities. We can't compete against local Chinese firms. What are some of the other markets you mentioned?
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just Russia, India and Lat Am, the markets that you highlighted as continuing that strong growth.
John D. Wren: Russia, again, multinationals are big and there's are a lot of large Russian companies that are important on a global or certainly European basis, and we're able to do that. Plus Russia, a lot of our businesses which are DOS-type businesses like the branding businesses and the luxury businesses that we have, exploded in markets like China and like Russia.
Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So would you look at a different growth profile for the domestic businesses versus the multinationals where you have existing relationships, or are they fairly consistent do you think?
John D. Wren: We look at...
Randall J. Weisenburger: They're the same business. So it's our businesses with just a different from profile. In China, we're probably 85% or 90% multinationals. In Russia, we're probably 50% or 60% multinationals. Latin America, I think is fairly similar to that, probably in that 50% range. So really depends upon the market.
John D. Wren: And it depends upon -- when you really break it down, it depends upon the clients. Banks in local markets are easier to do than grocery stores.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we've got time for one more call assuming or one more question, assuming there's one in the queue.
Operator: And that will come from Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It's actually Robert Fishman calling in from Michael. Wondering if you could help us with a couple of expense questions. First, when you think about the office and general line, just curious how you think about the pace going forward as it grew in the low single digits in the first quarter. How should we think about for the rest of the year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It tends to be the more stable of our lines. It's obviously smaller, so smaller variances can bounce around. But it is less highly correlated to revenue, obviously, than salary and service.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Are there areas for cost savings going forward given some of the opportunities that you discussed earlier?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, but there's also areas of investment that are also going on. Our job is to try to balance the 2 of them out and deliver overall margin, so we're very comfortable in being able to achieve our margin targets for 2012. Where that's going to actually come out or which line item, I think we're -- I think that's a little hard to predict.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Can you help us just with the ending employee count at the end of the quarter?
John D. Wren: That's one off of my head.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Not off the top of my head. If -- we'll get back to you with a number, assuming we have it at this point.
Robert Fishman - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, great. And just last question, how should we think about the pace of the buyback through the year? Is it just really going to fluctuate based on free cash flow generation?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. Basically, we use our share repurchases for 2 things. We're committed to spending all of our free cash flow on a combination of dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. Acquisitions is, obviously, the one that is most difficult at the time. We use share repurchases to basically balance that out and also to balance out the leverage levels that we want to have. In all likelihood, we'll probably -- if we follow a similar pattern to past, we'll probably buy more shares in the first half of the year, see how acquisitions go and then sort of finish the year out at the leverage levels that we want. And thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call.
John D. Wren: Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Craig Huber Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. But before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on Page 1 of our Investor Presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are of present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. And following John's remarks, we'll review our financial information for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John Wren: Good morning. I'm pleased to speak to you this morning about our latest business results, the progress we've made in 2011 against our key strategic initiatives and my thoughts for 2012.  Thanks to an exceptional list of clients and the commitments, talent and creativity of our people, we have generated very strong results throughout 2011, and we end the year extremely well positioned for future growth. We recognize the global economy is operating in 3 speeds. As the European downturn continues to unfold, it's impact, for now, is limited to Europe. Despite these problems, we continue to see significant opportunities for growth.  Amidst the uncertainty, we continue to focus on the things we, at Omnicom, can control. First, let me speak about the fourth quarter in 2011. Organic growth in the fourth quarter was up 5.2%. This reflected strong performance even in the face of difficult year-over-year comps. Our fourth quarter was driven by strong results across both disciplines and markets with the notable exception of euro markets, where growth was negative for the quarter. For the full year, organic growth was 6.1%.  In the quarter, we continue to expand our presence in key emerging markets. We announced the acquisition of a majority stake in the Mudra group, one of India's leading integrated marketing communication companies, and we completed transactions in Turkey and South Africa. These transactions helped us build our capabilities and expand our base of talent in these key markets.  During 2011, we also accelerated our investments in digital, social, mobile and analytics across the networks. We continue to pursue a multipronged strategy built around the core idea that all of our agencies must have strong digital capabilities to compete in the future. As a result, we are helping in pushing our agencies, where needed, to continue to accelerate the expansion of their digital expertise. We're also consolidating our expertise and knowledge in technology where appropriate.  Finally, we have acquired new capabilities to complement our existing skill sets. These investments are helping us to deliver innovative and integrated solutions for our clients and to expand our business into new areas. As one example of this integration, I'd like to highlight the Bringing Happiness Home campaign we just did for PepsiCo in China for the Chinese new year. It featured 3 of PepsiCo's strongest brands, Pepsi, Lay's and Tropicana, and was delivered on TV, online, in the store and at a home. Two weeks into the campaign, the results have been outstanding. The 10-minute mini movie at the center of the campaign has become China's #1 online video and has been viewed more than 100 million times. That is what you call earned media. Our agencies remain focused on delivering value for our clients and in promoting strong cultures built around talented and creative people who help us win in the market every day. You've all heard me say this before, in the battle between culture and strategy, culture eats strategy for breakfast every time.  Driven by their creative cultures, Omnicom's agencies, together with their clients, were recognized around the world for their work in 2011. While I can't mention all of the awards, I'd like to highlight a few. BBDO and DDB finished #1 and #2 in the Gunn Report's 2011 Most Awarded Agency Networks in the World. It was BBDO's sixth consecutive first-place finish and DDB's third consecutive second-place finish. BBDO was named 2011 Global Agency of the Year by both Adweek and Campaign magazines, and for the fifth year in a row, BBDO topped The Big Won. OMG was named Global Media Agency of the Year by Adweek and Media Agency of the Year by Ad Age. TBWA Hakuhodo was named 2011 International Agency of the Year by Ad Age. Ketchum was awarded the International Consultancy of the Year honor by PRWeek, and LatinWorks was named Ad Agency (sic) [Ad Age] Multicultural Agency of the Year. I want to personally congratulate all of our agencies for their outstanding work in 2011.  Finally, the strategic review of our portfolio of agencies, together with other steps we took during 2011 to improve our operation, resulted in significant progress towards our margin goal during the year. Randy will provide more detail on the specifics of our performance in the call. However, in 2012, we expect to achieve our goal of restoring margins to the 2007 level. Now let me highlight a few key areas around our fourth quarter and 2011 performance. By region, across our businesses and geographies, we saw a continued and, often, accelerating growth in the fourth quarter. Randy will take you through the details. Looking at our performance by industry, we continue to experience growth across almost all our segments. Revenue during the quarter was particularly strong in auto, consumer products, financial services and retail while only a couple of areas had negative performance, healthcare, pharmaceuticals and travel and entertainment. For the year, all of our industry groups had positive organic growth.  On the new business front, we continue to see strong client retention rates, expansion of existing relationships and meaningful new business wins. In the quarter, we generated in excess of $1 billion in net new business, bringing our total for the year to almost $4.5 billion.  Before turning to 2012, I'd like to point out a few measures that I think captured the value we have created for shareholders. First, our full year 2011 net income increased over 15%, and our EPS increased over 23%. Second, we again generated over $1 billion in free cash flow and, taken together through share buybacks and dividends, we returned over $1 billion to shareholders in 2011. Last week, we also increased our dividend by 20%. Since 2009, we've doubled our dividend per share. And finally, our balance sheet remains extremely strong, providing us the flexibility to pursue attractive investments as they arise. We believe our results reflect the highly diversified nature of our business by geography, by discipline and by client. All of these attributes allow us to take advantage of opportunities in fast-growing areas while helping us to maintain greater stability in volatile economic environments. As we look to 2012, we remain focused on returning our margins to 2007 levels, and we firmly believe that we will hit our targets. But that's not the end of the story. We'll continue to grow and strengthen our business performance in 2013 and beyond.  With many of the actions necessary to achieve our margin goal significantly complete, we will turn a greater focus to accelerating growth. As I previously mentioned, I think it is clear to everyone that we are operating in a world with 3 distinct speeds, and our efforts will be focused in the regions and areas where growth opportunities are most attractive. Our core strategies to achieve growth remain the same. We believe that 2011 was the year in which the historical distinction between so-called traditional and digital media disappeared. As we had always said it would, at least with respect to the services we provide our clients. Everything we do has a digital component to it, and growth of mobile and IPTV is accelerating. As one of our clients put it, we have moved from an era of digital marketing to one of marketing in a digital world. This is a world in which everything is connected and everything's always on. A world where new technologies emerge and disappear on an ever shorter cycle.  In this world, we believe that our competitive position is advanced by maintaining the flexibility to adapt fast to change by owning only those capabilities that allow us to add greatest value and developing mutually beneficial partnerships with companies and technologies, even those which are not yet proven. Our financial strength and our open-source approach to technology gives us the flexibility we need to succeed and limit the need to protect outdated services and platforms.  We believe we can add the greatest value to our clients by helping identify and find the most valuable audience segments, understanding their motivation and purchase behaviors and then leveraging our creative strength to deliver compelling experiences to them at the most appropriate moments and in a cost-efficient way. As I mentioned, our focus is not to own data or platforms but on using the best data and platforms intelligently and on leveraging the many partnerships we have with media, technology, data and research companies to ensure we are maintaining access to the latest innovations and information in the marketplace. We continue to invest in digital capabilities and expert people to build and expand our leadership in emerging service areas, and we are focused on taking advantage of the continued shift to a more interconnected activities by consumers and businesses as they extend further into social and mobile platforms. We believe the world will become increasingly more complex, and our partnership approach versus making bets on specific digital platforms will allow us to adapt our services to new technologies and will help us seamlessly integrate digital within our clients' overall marketing strategies. In 2012, we also plan to further expand our footprint in developing markets. Over the past few years, the percentage of our business generated from markets other than the U.S., U.K. and euro currency markets has grown significantly and now represents over 22% of our business compared to 16.6% in 2009. Our investments in digital and in developing markets will help us deepen and extend client relationships. Our top priority is to constantly challenge ourselves to add value to our incredible roster of clients. None of these would be possible without the talented, creative and dedicated people at our agencies around the world. We continue to be a company that believes that culture and challenge are the essential ingredients for success and recognize that by investing in the training, development and retention of our employees, we can drive long-term growth for the company. Finally, as I look across our agency networks and talk to many of our leaders, I see more and more examples of integration and collaboration that drives client satisfaction. We continue to work to bring the best that we can offer to our clients across our network and to leverage our scale and specialization for their benefit. We expect more of that in 2012. I'll now turn the call back to Randy who will take you through the numbers.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. Now turning to the details of our financial performance. Revenue for the quarter was up 7.4% to $3.85 billion, again exceeding our expectations due to strong operating performance of many of our agencies. Revenue for the full year came in up 10.6% at $13.87 billion. The strong revenue performance in the quarter, combined with our continuing emphasis on cost control, resulted in EBITA of $511 million, up 11.2%. The EBITA margin for the quarter was on target at 13.3%, which was a year-over-year increase of about 50 basis points. For the full year, EBITA increased 15.1% to $1.76 billion, and our EBITA margin increased 50 basis points to 12.7%.  We did take a number of cost actions this year including, some 35 dispositions, as well as severance actions, costing more than $200 million. As a result, although not without challenges, we believe we're on track to achieve our previously stated target of 13.4% EBITA margins for full year 2012.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $30.3 million, down about $1.8 million from Q4 of last year and down about $1.6 million from the third quarter. The decrease versus Q3 was primarily the result of better cash management, resulting in increased interest income earned on our foreign cash balances. For the year, net interest expense was up $12.3 million, primarily related to the full year impact of interests on the 10-year notes we issued in the middle of 2010. That increase was partially offset by increased interest income earned on our cash balances. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was 34.3%, and we expect our operating rate for 2012 to continue to be around 34%. Also worth noting, our income from equity method investments decreased about $3.5 million, and our minority interest increased about $3.3 million in the quarter. While there were a number of individual increases and decreases in these accounts, the primary driver for both numbers was our acquisition in the first quarter of an additional interest in the Clemenger Group, changing it from an affiliate to a consolidated subsidiary with a 26% minority interest.  As a result of all of that, our net income for the quarter increased a very solid 10.3% to $272 million. And for EPS, the 10.3% increase in net income, combined with a year-over-year share reduction of about 5%, resulted in diluted earnings per share increasing 15.7% to $0.96, we believe, a very solid quarter and a good finish to the year. And with the significant actions taken this year, we believe we're well positioned going into 2012 for another successful year. On Page 3, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX. Over the course of the quarter, the U.S. dollar strengthened against many of our major currencies, including the euro and the pound, which, on a year-over-year basis, resulted in FX adding only about $1 million to revenue this quarter. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are, we expect FX to be negative by about 1.25% in Q1 and about 1.5% for the full year 2012. However, FX rates have been pretty volatile recently. So we can't be certain how much they will change. Revenue from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $80 million in the quarter or about 2.2%. The more significant acquisitions this year include the Clemenger Group and Communispace, which we completed early in the year, and then Mudra, Marina Maher and Medina/Turgul in Turkey late in the year. And as I mentioned previously, we completed a number of small dispositions during the year, mostly in United States. With regard to organic growth, we had another very strong quarter, well ahead of expectations, up 5.2% or $185 million. For the full year, organic growth of 6.1% was driven by a combination of factors. First, very strong new business wins; also, a rebound in spending by many clients; continued double-digit growth in the developing markets; and most importantly, our agencies continuing to expand their capabilities and service offerings, utilizing the many new technologies and communication mediums that are being developed in the marketplace. Turning to our mix of business. Brand advertising accounted for 47.5% of our revenue and marketing and services, 52.5%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising to organic growth was 7.3% while marketing services was up 3.3%. Within the marketing and services area, CRM had 6% organic growth. And within this sector, sales promotion, branding, events and field marketing all had very strong performances in the quarter. Public relations was marginally positive, and specialty communications decreased 5.1%. This was primarily the result of continuing declines in our recruitment marketing business and mixed performance in our healthcare businesses, with generally lower spending by a number of our pharma clients. On Slide 5, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split just about 50-50 between the United States and the international markets. In the United States, revenue increased $92 million or 5%. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, reduced revenue by $4.5 million, and organic growth continued to be strong at 5.3% even though we cycled on very strong year-over-year comparables.  International revenue increased $174 million or about 9.9%. As I mentioned, FX was effectively neutral increasing revenue by just under $1 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $84.5 million or about 4.8%, and organic growth, our results were mixed by country, overall, increased 5% in the quarter or $88 million. Specifically in Asia, we had very strong performances in Australia, India, Singapore and China while Japan was flat and Korea was marginally negative. We continue to have good results in Latin America, most notably in Brazil and Chile. We also had a strong performance in South Africa. In Europe, results continue to be mixed. The U.K. and Russia performed very well while France and Germany were basically flat. In southern Europe, results again were very mixed, with good results in both Spain and Portugal while Ireland and Italy were marginally negative, and as you would expect, Greece had a difficult quarter. Slide 6 shows our mix of business by industry. As you can see, we had growth in most industry sectors this quarter, with strong growth in autos, consumer products, retail, financial services and telecom and declines in pharma and travel and entertainment. The differences by sector were driven by a combination of business wins and losses and specific industry performance. Turning to Slide 7. Our year-end cash performance was in line with our expectations. We generated about $1.25 billion of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital. Our primary uses of cash were: capital expenditures of $186 million; acquisitions, including earnout payments net of proceeds received from the sale of investments, of $428 million; dividends to common shareholders of $269 million; dividends paid to minority interest shareholders of $100 million; and share repurchases, net of proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans; totaled $701 million.  All in, we returned about $1 billion this year to our shareholders between dividends and share repurchases. And combined, this resulted in a net use of cash of approximately $438 million. Also, for anyone who missed the announcement, we recently increased our dividend again this year by 20%. So for 2012, we expect the dividend to be $0.30 per share per quarter. To better show the great cash flow characteristics of our business, we've added Slide 8, which details the cumulative cash the company has returned to shareholders over the past 10 years, from 2002 through 2011. There are a few different lines on the chart. The top line is our cumulative net income over the period, which totaled a little more than $8.1 billion. The bottom 2 lines show the cumulative dividends paid and accumulative net share repurchases over that same period. The third line shows the combined cumulative cash returned to shareholders. In total, just over $7.7 billion or about 95% of our cumulative net income for that period was returned to shareholders. It's also worth noting that over the same 10-year period, the company's revenue and net income both basically doubled from $6.9 billion to $13.9 billion in revenue this year and from $455 million to $953 million of net income. Slide 9 shows our current capital structure. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.4 billion, an increase of about $460 million. As the prior slide pointed out, the year-over-year increase was driven primarily by a return of about $1 billion to shareholders through the combination of dividends and share repurchases. Our leverage ratio or total debt-to-EBITDA ratio stands at 1.6x while our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 1 at 0.7x. And our interest coverage ratio remain very strong at 12.3x. Finally on Slide 10, we continue to successfully build the company through a combination of prudently priced acquisitions and well focused internal development. As a result, both the return on invested capital and return on equity continue to improve, reaching 18.8% and 26.9%, respectively, this year.  There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, I'm going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of James Dix from Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions. I guess when you look at your progress towards your EBITA margin target for the year, is there any particular seasonality that you think we should be thinking about by quarter? I know that can move around, but I'm just thinking, in particular, about the repositioning charges which you took, which I think had some seasonality. I'm just wondering if there was any impact by season that we should be thinking about. And then secondly, when you look at your outlook for growth by geographic region and, in particular, Europe, is there any particular color you can provide on what you're expecting? I mean, do you really expect much growth, in particular, from the Eurozone this year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: This seasonality -- we do have seasonality across the different quarters. I think our improvement, probably a little bit back-half weighted, and we'll probably track our normal seasonality but I don't -- it shouldn't be a lot of back-half weighted. As far as geographic growth, I think there's a number of things to keep in mind. First of all, individual agency performance really supersedes the economy. If an agency goes out and, through its innovation and creativity, can grow its relationships with its existing clients, find new clients, then the economic backdrop, while it's always a factor, is really overwhelmed by the performance of the agency. So we're certainly looking to all of our agencies to use their creativity and energy to build their businesses, I'll say, despite the economies. The other thing I think that's important to keep in mind is that a large percentage of our client base are multinational clients. So they are connected. The economies around the world are linked up through those individual clients.
John Wren: The only thing I'd add to that is depending on the day that you wake up, Europe is or isn't in the headlines, and we watch it as closely as everybody else does. And our statement that we're looking to similar growth is really reflective of that. We know where we believe we will grow. We know what markets are growing at the present time that are not facing austerity and not facing the headlines every day. So we have very modest expectations across Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Randy, can you talk about how you're thinking about share repurchases this year? Obviously, you upped the dividend last week. Should we expect the buyback to approach $1 billion again? And is the hope that acquisitions stay in that $400 million range for the year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, I don't think buybacks will approach $1 billion. We'll see. We made a commitment at the end of 2010, to between 2010 and 2011, put that $1 billion of leverage back. If people recall, in 2009, we delevered the company about $1 billion. So we decided at the end of '10 and '11 to put that back. So last year's share repurchases ended up where we overspent our free cash flow by about $450 million. We've basically committed to spending all of our free cash flow on the combination of dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. We haven't committed to go past that.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And also quickly, can you speak to the project business during the quarter? What was the impact to organic?
John Wren: You mean the fourth quarter?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. I think the quarter came in, basically, as we expected, a little bit of a higher organic growth than we expected. But I think from a project standpoint, it was pretty much on track and kind of a normal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to -- first, a question to follow up, I think, on your earlier comment about the outlook in Europe. Would you say that the European performance, again, it's more of the Eurozone, not U.K., was relatively stable throughout the quarter and into what you're seeing so far into Q1? Or was there any notable change that might give us a bit more insight, and how sort of this is progressing so far -- or into 2012?
John Wren: I'd characterize it as stable. When you look at the markets that declined and then the underlying reasons, some of them that were economic and some of them -- some of the declines were cycling out of changes in clients. Netherlands comes up in particular, where we lost an account that is headquartered in The Netherlands. We won it back here in the United States. That had a slight impact. But Europe is a day-by-day event, where the conversation across the continent is austerity. So we can't be as clear or have as greater vision as we've had in the past until they get through the sovereign debt crisis.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then on the budget for -- again, more globally now and for U.S. as well. On the budgets for 2012 and I guess your conversations with your clients for spending this year, could you give us a sense on how much of the sort of the increase in revenues that you're seeing is coming from just bigger budgets, more services provided to these clients or maybe the ability to regain some pricing or get back some of the discounting you may have given them in the downturn?
John Wren: I don't think I've aggregated it client by client. But the clients, I believe, are going to spend more money, and they want to spend it in the most efficient and targeted way that they can. So I think there's a commitment on the part of most clients to increase their spending. They -- but they want to -- they want it to be in the absolutely most perfect spot and where we can prove ROI. There's plenty of money and plenty of things for us to do. So that changes client by client and industry by industry. But if I had to make a generalization, that's what -- that's how I'd answer your question.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just lastly, we -- should we assume that the pharma stays weak, I guess, for the foreseeable future?
John Wren: Again, pharma is under pressure because drugs are coming off patent. Pharma is under a lot of pressure from the government. And we did have 1 or 2 client losses which contributed to our weakness earlier in the year, which we should cycle out off in the first half of this year, which had an impact. I'm encouraged to say that offsetting those losses where we see the immediate impact, we've -- we had a very good season in the fourth quarter for winning some business, which we won't see the benefit for, for 6 to 9 months, 6 months or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Two questions, please. One, I appreciate the information you gave on the amount you spent on cost cutting. It looks like $200 million you said and the number of divestitures. Do you have any numbers you could give us in terms of what is left do, what we can expect for 2012 in terms of divestitures and anything left to be sent -- spent on severance or other items? And then secondly, touching back on something we haven't talked about in a few years, your convertible bonds. You have a put date coming up on one of them coming in July. What are your thoughts there on the 2 converts outstanding?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let's see, I know we have a couple of divestitures and dispositions that we continue to work on, so we know we, at least, have those to go. We'll constantly evaluate businesses, and we have a number of agencies that I'd say are on our very active watch list. So we have plans in place for them to change their business, and we'll monitor how that progresses over the course of the year. As far as severance goes, every year, there is some amount of severance. I don't think this year will be anywhere near as high as last year. We'll again monitor that as we go through the year. And as far as the converts go, based upon where the stock price and interest rates are at today, I don't believe we'd need to make any kind of a supplemental interest payment in order for the converts to stay outstanding.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Barclays Capital.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have one for Randy and then one for John. Randy, forgive me because we're little bit newer to your model than maybe some other analysts on the call. But looking ahead to 2012, I think to get to that 13.4% margin, I feel like we either need to model a pretty high incremental margin year-over-year. I think that your incremental margin in 2011 was between 15% and 20%. Where we'd have to model accelerating revenue growth in 2012? So I'm just wondering if you could give us a little more on the margin outlook and dynamic and if how headcount and personnel expenses would play a part in that. And then I have a follow-up for John, which is, you mentioned in your opening comments that all of your agencies are developing their digital capabilities. They're accelerating their expertise there. I'm curious on the digital side. Are your agencies taking organic share of the online ad networks and online ad exchanges? Do you feel that those capabilities are being built up to a greater degree, such that it sort of mitigates your need to go out and make acquisitions in the digital agency space, or is your expertise a result of acquisitions that you have made? Just trying to understand that.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, your first one is you're modeling the business incorrectly or, I should say, you can't really model the business the way you're doing it, from an Omnicom standpoint, to have it work. I mean, I think the modeling the way you're at least describing it would probably be perfect for an individual agency. Except in Omnicom, there's effectively 2,000 of them to try to model that way, and the complexity of the model, trying to model each individual agency in that manner just doesn't work. We've made a commitment to achieve those margin levels for 2011, as I said in my comments. While it's not without challenges or difficulties, we think we're on track to being able to achieve those numbers.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess the question is to get to those numbers, you had to take some cost actions. And I'm trying to figure out if similar cost actions are needed in 2012 to get to the 13.4% target.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, not similar levels of cost actions. I'm sure we'll be taking some individual cost actions. We need to manage the business agency by agency, and the only thing that is a constant is agencies change. They have client wins. They have client losses. And they need to continuously focus on managing their cost structures to keep them in line with the business levels that they have, again agency by agency. The full effect of the cost actions that we took last year won't come into play at those individual agencies until this year. And you also find that with business wins and losses, there's lag times in getting the full effect of those changes. Again, I can -- I'll just reiterate, we think we're well on track to achieving the objectives that we laid out.
John Wren: Yes. And you may have to repeat some of your question, but let me take a shot, at least, part of what you said. We've made a significant investment, and it runs through our P&L rather than through our capital acquisition accounting, in hiring people, making investments and creating the proper platforms, our using and analysis of data and the various partnerships that we've entered into. I don't have an exact number, but it approaches 90 to provide us with the information that we need. Two and a half years ago, sitting and meeting with Eric Schmidt, he predicted that he saw the day where he thought ad exchanges might be given away for free, and he has one of the largest ones. Now that won't happen anytime soon, but there'll be increased -- increasing pressure and pricing on the best ad exchanges out there. What we're focused on is what I covered in the call, having the smartest people and the creative -- most creative people to properly use technology to target clients, to find those opportunities at the absolutely proper moment and deliver to our clients the most efficient buying and delivery of audience that we possibly can. We're looking at everything. We always look at everything. We don't exclude acquisitions if we think it's going to add to our skill set or accelerate the process that -- the way we believe the marketplace is moving. The only thing that offends is ridiculous pricing, where we don't get a proper return on investment, where we make a decision that building it is more expensive maybe to the P&L and to the margins but is more sensible, in the long run, to the shareholders of Omnicom. So I don't know if I covered all of your questions.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let me add one thing to John's comments that I find sometimes important. We're in a number of marketing disciplines. And each of those marketing disciplines is developing the capabilities to utilize new technologies like digital technology, but basically the breadth of technologies and marketing mediums that are out there in their discipline, and the utilization of those technologies is different. So when you talk about ad exchanges, that comes up against our media buying and planning businesses, and it probably touches up against some of our creative businesses. When we get into mobile and apps and some of those, it affects different of our businesses. Even in areas -- PR is hitting up with social. Very significantly, our branding businesses are going and touching up with digital technologies in different ways. So it's very important for each of our businesses to develop the capabilities to utilize those technologies, to advance its discipline or its skill sets for its clients.
John Wren: And again -- and then you can correct the questions. I mean, looking at what's been done to date is almost looking at the world through the rearview mirror. We've only seen the beginning of mobile and what its impacts is going to be and the way we're going to be able to use it. And so the change which you've seen occur is just the beginning, and that's why we kept it a very flexible, open-sourced approach to this whole area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Historically, there've been a couple of swing factors in the fourth quarter, like performance-based fees, projects, true-ups on scope of business, the kind of things you really can't call toward the very end. So I was curious where that shook out versus those X factors versus your expectations earlier in the quarter and sort of versus historical levels. And then depending on how that sort of turned out, how's the momentum building or looking in terms of first quarter as you enter the year? And on organic growth trends, is it looking kind of similar? Does it feel like it's accelerating or decelerating? Guessing not much movement.
John Wren: I don't know how -- Randy you can answer this question separate from me. We always get into the fourth quarter and with as many agencies we have around the world. There's a relatively small amount when you are talking about a $14 million business of $200 million, $300 million, which you cannot project whether or not clients across each one of those agencies are going to spend an incremental $50,000 or $100,000. Whether they do or they don't depends on what becomes very important to you guys, whether or not organic growth is 2/10 of a percent higher or lower than what you're expecting. But that's all it means. And that's a company by company, market by market, case-by-case study. If I had to categorize, and I haven't done the math, we got some of that spending in this fourth quarter, and it contributes to our results. We didn't get it to the level that is higher level as we've seen in the past, and we didn't -- we weren't as disappointed as we have been sometimes in -- when there was an economic crisis going on. So I don't think that's going to change. I think we're going to get to every fourth quarter and still have that level of noise in our system.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. I'd -- I'll just basically repeat what John said. Plus or minus $50 million, which is 1.5% organic growth or thereabouts in a quarter, is a pretty small number given the breadth of our operations, the number of clients that we have. We'll have to take on both sides. We don't believe plus or minus $40 million or $50 million in an individual quarter is a big number. We know a lot of investors do. This quarter, we're on probably on the high side of maybe what the expectations were, in part because we're coming off of very strong quarter last year in the fourth quarter or 2010's fourth quarter, where things really kind of rebounded to normal. I think this quarter was more or less in line with a normal fourth quarter.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And when you -- and sort of momentum carrying into 1Q?
John Wren: January, the numbers look good. And that's the best information we have at the moment.
Randall J. Weisenburger: But again, that's one month and it's the first month of the year. So we don't like too much into that.
John Wren: We're endeavoring to grow the company, let me put it that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: First, if I could ask your margin goal this upcoming year to get back to 2007 margin level of 13.4%. Randy, do you think you could get to that level of growth and margin up there if you grew, say, organically, say, 3% for this new year, or to be pretty tough at that level?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we're on track to hit those margin objectives. If we hit organic growth in that range, I'm pretty confident that we'll be able to achieve those numbers. There's a lot of -- well, hedge a little bit because of a lot of variables out there, but we think we're well along the way to being able to achieve it.
Craig Huber: And also, John, if I could ask on page 6 here, your revenue by industry. As you think about 2012 and given the conversations you've had with your customers, what industries are you most worried about from an advertising, digital spend for 2012 versus 2011 levels, and what areas are you most bullish on, if you will, for the new year?
John Wren: What am I most -- let me start with what I'm most bullish about. Every one of our clients, the digital aspect of how does digital impact or extend to what earned media is, is objective for each one of our clients. If I had to categorize it by industry, I'd say I'm seeing a move by packaged good companies and a greater commitment from packaged good companies than they have in the past, as a general category, in using digital in every one of their campaigns and trying to get the most efficient use of their media dollars.
Craig Huber: What about the other side, the negative side? What are you most worried about? What categories?
John Wren: Craig, you know me, I worry about everything. You should see my to-do list. But there's nothing specific or any specific client at the moment couched in that regard. The -- my biggest concerns are whereas the government claims we have no inflation in the United States, when you get outside the United States, there's huge inflation soaring. You never know what that's going to do to the consumer and where they spend their money. That's probably in the top 1 or 2 or 3 of my concerns on behalf of my clients and how do we become more efficient. And that's the challenge that every Omnicom employee has every day, to make every dollar that our clients spend more productive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A couple for Randy. And, Randy, if you could you help us on Page 6, keeping with that same theme. Financial services grew 35% looks like in the quarter, and many of us in financial services don't see anything wrong with 35% these days. So we wondered, where is that coming from, what kind of clients, what kind of markets? What was the source of that great growth?
John Wren: Volume bonuses.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Wasn't your bonus up 35%? Some of it is the base that you're comparing off. This, in particular, was a combination of, I'll say, good broad performance, as well as a couple of client wins and some project revenue.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And was there any market in particular that was affected by that which -- by region?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think the U.S. was the -- a bigger -- the bigger piece of it.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. That's one, and then second on severance. To be sure, you're including the -- when you say $200 million, that includes the action in the first quarter from Clemenger?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just -- not in Clemenger, but you see action in the first quarter basically repositioning.
Randall J. Weisenburger: That's full year severance charges. In that repositioning charges, there were other charges other than severance that are not in that number. That -- the $202 million is just severance.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And I know -- listen, I've covered you long enough to ask you this without -- it's a loaded question. No year is typical, but in general, $200 million in what's a good growing year. If '12 looks like '11, what is the normal range of severance for Omnicom?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I would think $50 million to $60 million.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. So that's definitely a place where you'll benefit in this year. Then lastly, incentive comp. How big was incentive comp this year, and did that differ materially from last year?
John Wren: It was up significantly, year-over-year.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we had a -- I think this year's incentive comp was a full number. I don't think it was abnormally low. So I think it was a pretty solid -- or maybe another way to say it is, the incentive comp bucket was full.
Operator: And our next question will come from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Randy, just to jump back to uses of free cash flow. You said that in -- you and John both mentioned in your prepared remarks sort of a renewed focus on growth. And I'm just wondering, I know you had a big chunk in Clemenger in the first quarter, but would you expect upwards of $400 million in acquisition spending again this year? And then just secondly, any quick comments on changes you're seeing in the labor market these days, particularly around digital talent or sort of consistent upward trends there?
Randall J. Weisenburger: First, acquisitions within a band is hard to predict. This year, we did a handful of, I'll say, midsized acquisitions, and they were done not on our typical earnout basis. The Mudra deal wasn't really an earnout. Clemenger was a large acquisition. Marina Maher wasn't done on an earnout basis and a couple of others were in that. Communispace was another [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Randy, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'd like to give you my perspective on our third quarter performance and share with you our thoughts on the progress against our key initiatives. Let me start with our performance for the quarter. The third quarter reflected very strong operating performance, including significant organic growth and continued margin improvement. Organic growth was up 7.2% over the same period of 2010. Growth was particularly strong in our advertising and CRM businesses, and geographically, all of our major markets experienced solid organic growth. This performance is particularly notable given the worsening of economic and capital market conditions since our last earnings call. We're watching these events carefully to anticipate the impact they may have on our business. Given this backdrop, our agency management teams are balancing effective growth strategies, with a continued eye towards controlling their expense structures. While we remain cautious about the economy, we are encouraged by our discussions with our clients. Marketers remain focused on investing in their brands and differentiating their products and services, and are seeking agency partners that can provide innovative ideas that help them navigate an increasingly complex marketing environment. We believe that our agencies have the best talent in the business and help us to compete more effectively. During the quarter, we also continue to execute on several of our strategic initiatives. We continue to make solid progress on our portfolio review and other initiatives to improve our margin performance. Our margins for the quarter reflected continued improvement. And while there's still work to be done, we remain on course towards achieving our goal of returning to 2007 margins by 2012. Randy will discuss our margin performance in more detail later in the call. We also continue to execute against our strategic priority of building a deeper presence in rapidly growing markets and disciplines, while still growing our business in the developed markets. During the quarter, we closed transactions in India, Vietnam and New Zealand, and expanded our offerings in healthcare through the acquisition of Synergy in the U.K. Today, over 22% of our revenue is from Asia and Latin America and other rapidly developing markets, up from 18.5% this time last year. While these acquisitions will further solidify our presence in the developing markets, our agencies in Asia were once again recognized as leaders for creating groundbreaking award-winning work that delivers value for our clients.  In September, Omnicom Group agencies captured the top 2 Network of the Year rankings at the Spike (sic) [Spikes] Asia Advertising Festival in Singapore. For the second consecutive year, DDB was named Network of the Year and BBDO took second. In addition, the DDB Group Singapore and Mudra Communications placed second and third for Agency of the Year. Omnicom agencies also won 4 Grand Prix.  Turning to some of our digital initiatives, our distance-learning digital education program, which we discussed at the beginning of the year, has begun to be rolled out in the fourth quarter. We have always recognized that each of our agencies must develop digital skill sets in their respective disciplines, and they're meeting these demands extremely well. The program will further enhance the development of our talents. Overall, we are very pleased with both the financial performance of our business and the progress we've made on our strategic initiatives.  Now let me touch on a few more specific points about our performance during the quarter. In the U.S., we saw organic growth of 5.8% versus the third quarter of last year, driven by our brand advertising and CRM businesses. Growth was very strong in the U.K., and almost all of our agencies had solid organic growth.  In Continental Europe, our results were quite positive in spite of the region's sovereign debt problems. Germany and France experienced solid growth, while the Netherlands was negatively impacted by a client loss in that country, but that client was retained by another Omnicom agency in the U.S. We also saw strong performance in Eastern Europe, including Russia, Poland and the Czech Republic. Southern Europe, which at this point is a small for us, was positive with the exception of Greece.  Asia, Latin America and the Middle East continue to perform very well, all experiencing double-digit growth during the quarter, even though Asia continues to be negatively impacted by our performance in Japan.  As these developing markets, together with our new investments in these markets, continue to grow, our business has continued to diversify globally. Our U.S. and non-U.S. revenues were almost evenly split in the third quarter. Our growth is also coming across the spectrum of the industries we serve. Revenues are up in every significant industry category, with auto, technology, retail, travel and entertainment, all having performed particularly well. We continue to believe the highly diversified nature of our business by geography, by discipline and by industry help us to take advantage of growth opportunities, and our experience demonstrates that we've been able to maintain greater stability even in more volatile economic environment.  In closing, we're very pleased with the operating performance of our business and the progress we're making towards our strategic priorities. Looking forward, our performance will clearly be affected by a number of external factors: The ability of European leaders to deal with the region's sovereign debt problems, Washington's ability to foster economic growth and the role that rapidly growing economies in Asia and other parts of the world will play, not only economically, but politically. Even with this backdrop, we continue to focus on the things that we can control, developing and recruiting the best talent to our agencies and delivering innovative ideas for our clients.  Now I'll turn the call over to Randy, who'll take you through our financial performance, and then we'll both be available for questions.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, John. Once again, it was an excellent quarter for our company. Our agencies performed very well, and were recognized by their clients with more than $1.4 billion in net new business wins this quarter. In spite of continued uncertainties in the domestic and global economies, we continue to report strong organic revenue growth in most of our major markets and in all of our targeted growth markets. Again, this quarter, we had positive organic growth across each of the industries that we serve, and our agencies also continue to progress in leveraging our people and resources more effectively and managing our costs. We, once again, achieved substantial margin improvements this quarter and we continue to track well towards our margin targets that we set for ourselves for 2012. Now turning to the details of our financial performance. Combining our very strong organic growth performance with a positive FX impact, our year-over-year revenue grew 12.9%, bringing revenue for the quarter up to $3.38 billion. With good cost control, our EBITDA increased 19.6% to $397 million; our resulting EBITDA margin was 11.7%, which was about a 60 basis point improvement from last year; and our operating income or EBIT increased 18.9% to $373 million. Net interest expense for the quarter was $31.9 million, up $2.1 million from Q3 of last year and up $4.3 million from the second quarter. The increase versus Q2 was primarily the result of reduced interest income earned on our cash balances and our settlement during the quarter of various fixed to floating interest rate swaps we had in place with respect to our 2016 notes. While that transaction resulted in a $33 million cash gain, that gain will be amortized over the remaining 5-year life of the bonds as a reduction of interest expense.  On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was 34.3%, which continues to track to our expected operating rate for 2011. As a result, net income for the quarter increased 16.7% to $203.7 million. And when combined with the year-over-year share reduction of 7.3%, diluted earnings per share in the quarter increased to $0.72 per share or 26.3%. On Page 3, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX. Our U.S. dollar exchange rates were fairly volatile during the quarter. Overall, on a year-over-year basis, the dollar was weaker versus most of the major currencies that we operate in. The net result was a positive FX impact on revenue for the quarter of $117.6 million or 3.9%. Looking ahead, if FX rates stay where they are currently, in Q4, they will continue to have a positive impact of less than 1%, and they would then turn negative in Q1, but again, by less than 1%. Revenue growth from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by about $54 million in the quarter or about 1.8%.  The 2 larger acquisitions we completed in the first quarter, Clemenger and Communispace, were the most significant drivers of our acquisition growth, offset by several dispositions which were primarily in the United States. We continue to work on a couple of additional dispositions that we anticipate completing by year end or early next year, and I'm happy to say the pipeline of potential acquisitions at this point is very strong. This quarter, we completed 4 excellent acquisitions, all in international markets, and we anticipate completing several more before year end. With regard to organic growth, we had another strong quarter, up 7.2% or $215 million. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to see year-over-year growth across every industry sector that we serve.  There appear to be 3 primary drivers of our organic growth. First, for the past year or so, our agencies have performed very well on the new business front. And as I mentioned this quarter, net new business wins were again very strong at $1.4 billion. Second, many of our clients have continued to restore their levels of marketing spending after reducing them in late 2008 and in 2009. And finally, our agencies are continuing to expand the scope of the services they're providing their clients to support the many new technologies that are being developed and used by marketers today. Turning to our mix of business, brand advertising accounted for 45% of our revenue and marketing services, 55%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising to organic growth was up a strong 9.1% and marketing services was up 5.7%. Within the marketing services category, CRM had 8.6% organic growth. Within this sector, branding, field marketing, events and sales promotion, all had outstanding performances. The public relations sector picked up in the quarter, with organic growth increasing to 4.2% and specialty communications decreased by 4.8%. This was primarily the result of declines in our recruitment marketing business and lower client spending with some of our specialty healthcare agencies, although overall spending by pharmaceutical and healthcare clients across our networks and disciplines increased about 2.6% in the quarter. On Slide 5, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was split almost 50-50 between the U.S. and international markets. In the United States, revenue increased $86 million or 5.3%. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, reduced revenue by $7 million. And organic growth continued to be strong at 5.8%, even though we are cycling on strong year-over-year comparables. International revenue increased $300 million or about 21.8%. FX increased revenue by $118 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $61 million or 4.4%. And organic growth, while results were mixed by country, overall improved to 8.9% in the quarter or $122 million. Specifically, in Asia, we had strong performances in China, Australia, South Korea, Singapore and Hong Kong. We also continue to have very good results in Latin America and the Middle East. And in Europe, results continue to be mixed. The U.K. and Russia performed very well. France and Germany were up modestly. We also had solid performances in Belgium, Poland, Sweden and Turkey. Slide 6 shows our mix of business by industry. There were no significant changes in our mix of business in the quarter. And as I previously mentioned, again this quarter, we experienced positive growth across each of the industry segments that we serve. The strongest sectors for us in the quarter were autos, technology, travel and entertainment and financial services, with all experiencing very solid year-over-year growth. Turning to Slide 7, our cash performance year-to-date was in line with our expectations. We generated approximately $751 million of free cash flow after CapEx and excluding changes in working capital. Our primary uses of cash year-to-date have been dividends to our common shareholders of $199 million; dividends paid to minority interest shareholders of $70 million; acquisitions, including earnout payments, net of the proceeds we received from the sale of investments, was $327 million; and share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, totaled $586 million. Combined, this resulted in a net use of cash year-to-date of approximately $430 million. Slide 8 shows our current capital structure. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.3 billion, an increase of about $780 million over the last 12 months. That increase was driven primarily by our return of capital to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases which, for the last 12 months, totaled about $1.7 billion. Gross or total debt at the end of the quarter was $3.2 billion, which was effectively unchanged from last year and last quarter. Our leverage ratio or total debt-to-EBITDA ratio stands at 1.7x, while our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is approximately 1.2x and our interest coverage ratio remained very strong at 12x. I should also mention that last week, we amended our bank credit facility, extending the term of the facility to October of 2016. We also increased the size of the facility from $2 billion to $2.5 billion. And at the same time, we were able to reduce the annual fees that we pay, as well as the interest rates that we would pay if we were to draw down the facility. And finally, on Slide 9, our return on invested capital and return on equity for the last 12 months increased to 15.7% and 24.5%, respectively.  There are several other supplemental slides included in the presentation materials for your review. But at this point, I'm going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I have couple of things I'd like to ask, please. First of all, in emerging markets, the growth continues to accelerate. We've seen some good numbers from consumer companies reporting in China. I just wonder if you could talk about, if the fundamental growth just continues to accelerate or are you actually getting some nice market share gains in countries like China? Secondly, could you please talk about your margin improvements? Is it possible to break out how much of the 60 points increase was due to some of the specific efficiency moves you've made recently and how much is really due to fundamental growth?
John Wren: In emerging markets, I think we're benefiting at the moment by both. We are expanding -- in markets, we're growing our presence. And as a result, we're regaining both local clients, but more importantly, we're gaining additional assignments with clients that we have existing relationships in other parts of the world. That against the backdrop of, it's an expanding market. With respect to your second question on margin improvement -- for the revenue, this is part of an overall effort on the part of the company, so...
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, first of all, the answer is no, there is no way for us to break out how much of the improvement is a result of cost savings initiatives as opposed to efficiencies, which this is really based on increased utilization at each of the individual agencies. We're probably somewhat indifferent to where the results are coming from. We're certainly looking for efficiencies on a continuous basis. We're also looking to improve the utilization rates at every one of our agencies. So we'll probably leave it at that.
Operator: And our next question's from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, did you see any changes as the quarter progressed? Any notable changes in September versus the previous 2 months? And anything, is there anything you're seeing when you look in the fourth quarter that would imply a change, I guess, what you saw in the third quarter?
John Wren: We didn't see any great variance between any of the months in the quarter in response to your first question. Right now, based upon the information that we have, business is still holding up, people are still confident in marketing. We listen to the news though every day as everyone else does, and so we remain optimistic but cautious.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We are -- it is worth noting, we are cycling on a different comp in the fourth quarter of last year. If people remember last year, in the fourth quarter, we had a significant step-up in organic growth versus the prior couple of quarters. So we have to take that into consideration thinking about the year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And when you talk to your clients, I mean, usually in sort of November, December, I would assume you get a little bit of sense how budgets are starting to get formed for the following year, 2012. Do you think that'll still be the case, or do you think the visibility will be pushed out a bit and advertisers may want to see how the year ends up, the holiday season before they really get a better sense of what they're spending next year?
John Wren: It's too early to tell. I mean, at this point, we're progressing talking to people, and that's a rather fluid conversation once you get into those months. A lot has to do with the macroeconomic backdrop in which you're having the conversations. And so we're yet to have them.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then just last question on the use of cash. I know, Randy, you mentioned some acquisitions you have to complete by the end of the year. Can you just talk a bit about how you see the buyback? I mean, you guys are in obviously such a strong cash position, the buy back was less aggressive in the third quarter as it had been versus the first half. I guess how do you prioritize that going forward?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, we'll take it month by month. We'll see how the acquisitions go. But last year going, I guess probably in the fourth quarter going into fourth quarter, we talked about utilizing the deleveraging that we had done in 2009, we said that we are going to spend about $1 billion of additional free cash flow between the fourth quarter of last year and 2011. We're basically there. At this point in time, we spent about $1 billion after free cash flow between the fourth quarter of '10 and the first 3 quarters of '11. So now, we have a conversation with our Board, evaluate our acquisition opportunities, et cetera, and we'll go from here.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But I guess generally, you would still -- the buyback was sort of longer term, still be a priority in terms of use of cash, even though if you can't quantify the amount right now. Is that right? Is that fair?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Absolutely. And you can tell from our track record over the past 12 months between dividends and share repurchases, we've returned to shareholders about $1.7 billion.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So after the good progress you made on the margins in this particular quarter, can you give us a sense for your expectations for how that balances up between what we might see for the balance of 2011 and for 2012? And maybe more importantly, what's your level of confidence that you can get to your 2007 target? I think it's roughly 13.4% in an environment of where organic revenue growth is hard to come by.
John Wren: At this point, we will -- I'm not comfortable making a prediction for the fourth quarter. But at this point, for 2012, for the full year, we're still pretty confident that we're going to hit our objectives of getting back to that 2007 level based upon what we know today and the actions that we've taken up until today.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think that's right. I think we're tracking on plan and I think we're doing -- I think our agencies have done extremely good job in 2011. In addition to the results that they've achieved in 2011, they've laid the groundwork for making further progress in 2012. So I don't -- I haven't seen anything that would change our confidence levels about achieving those objectives for the full year of 2012.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Are we at a point now where the agencies are implementing the actions that were already planned and taken, and we'll start to see the benefits accrue in coming quarters? Or are there still initiatives and programs yet to be implemented that could then have a future impact once they start to accrue?
Randall J. Weisenburger: The answer is yes. The good news about Omnicom is we're a large number of small numbers. There are very large number of initiatives that are going on all the time, some are in later stages and some are in very new stages. And with the number of innovative people that we have throughout our agencies, new ideas are coming up continuously to keep the progress going forward. So yes to both.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Are you willing to share a little detail within the operating expense line, just maybe in terms of some of the numbers we tend to focus on from quarter-to-quarter in terms of severance and incentives, any incremental severance deltas between the third quarter of last year that are worth calling out or in severance comp as well?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't know that it's worth calling out. Severance was up fairly significantly this quarter versus last year this quarter. We tend not to call those things out too often. But I think right now, overall, we're tracking very well.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Yes, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about international growth. The quarter was really strong. Was just wondering if there was anything unusual that contributed to that and just curious what you see for Q4 for international?
John Wren: There wasn't anything terribly unusual. It's part of an overall effort. As Randy said I think in the call, the growth is really the result of new business, the result of growth of our existing clients. And oftentimes, it's mitigating against the loss of clients as well. So we're seeing pretty strong growth across the board except for a couple of markets that haven't fully recovered like Japan. Having said that, the fourth quarter, we're on track as we sit here today. We do this every third quarter call. Just to remind you that there's always a bit of revenue in the fourth quarter that we can't predict because of the way people spend and finish up their budgets, and that doesn't really become obvious to us until sometime in mid-November. But we don't see anything negative today other than macro headlines, and that hasn't yet gotten reflected in clients' spending habits.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Part of what we're also seeing in the international markets, we pointed this out really at the end of 2010 that of what we expected was going to happen in 2011. The emerging markets have continued to be very strong growers. They were -- they had very strong growth last year as well. Some of the other markets that were fairly significantly negative last year have come back to neutral to, I'll say, marginally positive. That's allowing the faster-growing emerging markets to drive the overall international number that much more, their positive impact being felt more regularly. I think, very few markets in Europe were negative this quarter. That certainly wasn't the case in 2010.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And could you also just talk about euro markets? Have you really seen much change in the tone of business from Q3 to 4?
John Wren: Nothing measurable at the moment. Obviously, given the headline risks of what's going on in those marketplaces, we watch it every day, and it's subject to change every day. But based on what we know right now, we're simply cautious about it.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And Randy talked a bit about severance. I think you characterized it as being up significantly in Q3. Was just kind of wondering if you could maybe put a little bit more color around that. Is it that you're going into motion on cost cuts because you're seeing anything, or is it just that you're managing tighter given some of the risks in the world today?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we've been managing -- trying to manage very tightly all year. As I pointed out, there's a number of initiatives that have been going on in various stages of completion in various markets around the world. We're comparing 2 numbers that are 12 months apart, so we're comparing -- I say severance was up significantly. That's Q3 of this year versus Q4 of last year. It's really a matter what was happening in each of those quarters. Again, we're constantly taking different actions at different points of time. And the part of the reason we don't generally break them out is because it's just -- many times, it's just timing.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 3. Let me follow up first on the project spending in the fourth quarter. I think John, you just mentioned, by mid-November, you have a handle on kind of work comes through. Can you remind us how big you guys think that discretionary element could be for the fourth quarter?
John Wren: Yes. Normally, it's around -- historically based, it's $200 million to $300 million.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then, if you look at the U.K. results specifically, the growth there is pretty exceptional. I mean, outside of Google, nothing grows as fast the U.K. media. So it's pretty impressive. And the question would be, Randy mentioned there are 3 different drivers for your business, new business wins, budget restored and services expanded. So I wondered if you spent any time looking at the U.K. and trying to figure out what's driving those results if you look at them in those 3 different descriptions that Randy just put out there?
John Wren: All 3?
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: All 3.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Which is certainly in the U.K. market, that's the case.
John Wren: Yes, which is fair. I mean, there's a couple of new business wins in there as well, but...
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. You guys probably don't spend time looking at it, but do you think the market's growing anywhere near that fast or this is a good share gain story for you guys?
John Wren: No, I think that's our performance in the market. I don't think it's reflective necessarily of the U.K. GDP.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then the last would be specialty. I mean, over the years, I know recruitment's been something you guys have called out in the past. How much -- how big is recruitment now within the specialty mix? And what's the status of that? Is that a potential disposal? And then, healthcare. Give us some color on the healthcare line, specially what's going on there in detail?
Randall J. Weisenburger: There, I think we've seen -- and healthcare is the largest sector in specialty. Those are our specialty healthcare agencies. As I pointed out, healthcare overall was up 2.5%, 2.6% in the quarter. So the overall category's doing fine. I think we're seeing or felt in this quarter some spending shifts from some of our specialty agencies maybe into some of our, I'll say, more traditional agencies or network agencies.
John Wren: Yes. And slightly in healthcare in terms of what you're seeing in the quarter, the effect of 1 or 2 losses that some of our specialty agencies suffered earlier in the year impacting the numbers for the third quarter.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Are there -- on the recruitment concept, how much is left to go? How big is that for your overall annual revenues? And what's the status of that as a potential disposal?
Randall J. Weisenburger: It's a little more than $100 million of annual revenue, and we'll probably leave it at that.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Craig Huber with Access 3:42.
Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC: My first question is a housekeeping question. How many shares did you guys buy back in the quarter, please?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Hold on 1 second.
John Wren: The number is close by. They just have to get it.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Running for numbers. 1,302,000.
Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC: Okay. And then my other question, on the U.K., there is obviously very strong growth has been talked about here. Do you think that sustainable here in the fourth quarter or is it just too early to tell? I'm asking in light of just the real difficult economic conditions over there?
Randall J. Weisenburger: This was the U.K. growth?
Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC: Yes.
Randall J. Weisenburger: It's really too early to tell. I mean, we -- I've said this for a number of years. When we start looking at individual country markets and we're looking at year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter growth rates, some relatively small movements can adjust those numbers pretty significantly. John pointed out, the growth in the U.K. market isn't that the U.K. economy is growing that significantly faster than everywhere else in the world. It's our agencies within the market have done a very good job on new business front. Some of that new business has happened at varying times, so when it's going to cycle is hard to say. It could be specific client spending or client actions. Most of this will tend to average out over time. Fortunately, our agencies in the U.K. are extremely strong and are performing very well at this point.
Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC: Your guys' margin goal for 2012 is 13.4% EBITDA margin. You expressed high confidence of getting there several times. I'm just wondering, what sort of -- in your mind, what sort of minimum organic revenue growth you would need in order get to 13.4%? In other words, do you think you could get there if you got say 3% organic revenue growth next year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think so. I mean, the higher the organic revenue growth, obviously, will be a little bit easier, but it's really dependent upon where that organic revenue growth is coming from. We would probably be the happiest if we had uniform organic revenue growth everywhere and a stabilized to improving economy globally. We're probably not going to be lucky enough to have that but we can always, I guess, wish for it. I think our agencies, again, are doing extremely good job at controlling their costs and starting a number of initiatives that are driving their efficiencies. We're pretty confident that if the market or the economies tend to continue to make positive progress, that we're going to be able to achieve those objectives. If for some reason, there's a significant double dip that's going to be much more difficult. That's not what we're expecting to occur, though.
Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC: And then lastly, as you think forward here in the organic revenue growth front, the discussions you guys are having with your client's ongoing basis here, given how bad marketing advertising budgets were slashed 2008, 2009, is there a general sense among your clients that they probably cut too severely in 2008, 2009? And then, if the economy did rollover here hard going forward here, that they likely would not cut as severely as they did in '08, '09, given the long-term implication it would mean to their brands in the marketplace?
John Wren: I don't think I could categorize specific conversations the way you just did. In the aggregate, every company is trying to be nimble, every company is trying to do it better, cheaper, faster. 2008, at this point, 2009 was a long time ago. Circumstances, this time around, I think they're slightly different than what they were then, and so the solutions are going to be different. But we haven't have -- I haven't had conversations other than individual conversations that would rise to the level of being able to comment on your comment.
Operator: And there's a question from the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Randy, even after you cautioned about analyzing quarterly growth by country, I will -- permit me this one transgression. Just on the U.S., if we look at your growth organically kind of on a 2-year basis, so smoothing for the big surge you got in the fourth quarter last year, any reason to think that you're tracking for much different growth in the fourth versus the third? And then secondly, in the U.K., who are you winning the share from broadly in that market? And then just more generally, geographically, has the pace of new business activity changed materially over the last quarter? And then I just want a follow-up on that leverage.
John Wren: First questions first. Since every fourth quarter there is that $300 million to $400 million. And since over -- slightly over 50% of our businesses is in the U.S., believe me, whether when and how that comes in has an impact on whether you're at 5.8% or 5.7% organic growth, we don't get that granular at this point in our planning.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Right. mathematically, on your -- to your analysis, which I've had this conversation with a number of investors, I'm not 100% sure that I buy into the 2-year analysis, but I know some of you guys do. Our fourth quarter organic growth in the U.S. last year was very strong. If the 2-year analysis worked, if our underlying performance was the same, the year-over-year measured performance, the sequential performance of the agency stayed the same and everything is kind of moved along from third quarter to fourth quarter, the year-over-year measurement would be down; if that's what you're addressing. If the year-over-year measurement stays the same, it would mean an equally large organic growth in the fourth quarter to last year's fourth quarter. I don't suspect that will be the case. Last year, in the fourth quarter, I think more of that project revenue returned to normal, and we saw a fairly large step-up from Q3 to Q4 in organic growth. I don't think we'll see that year-over-year step-up certainly in the fourth quarter this year. As you do your 2-year analysis on a year-over-year basis, it should step down a little bit if the actual performance stays in line with what we've just seen in Q3.
John Wren: And then when you get into specific countries, I mean, this quarter, our performance was $3.4 billion or approximately, $10 million changes the specific organic growth of a particular country. I mean, that's how granular the numbers get.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I really don't believe the 2-year analysis works as we get to smaller and smaller markets. I think when you get -- the U.S. is, obviously, a very large market and it's very diversified, so maybe that 2-year analysis works here. As we move down further and further, John pointed out in his comments Netherlands. So you get a client movement in the Netherlands, it can be a very significant impact on the Netherlands that has nothing to do with the economy in the Netherlands. That's a global account that was being run out of the Netherlands that got moved to another one of our markets that in the market, they got move to that account change wasn't big enough to really move the needle. But in the Netherlands, there was very much big enough to move the needle, especially on a quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year kind of basis. So again, I'm not 100% sure the 2-year analysis works. I'm almost positive it doesn't work in the smaller market analysis. It may make some sense in a market that's big enough like the United States.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just on the share gains in the U.K. and kind of the pace of new business. And then my follow-up on leverage was just, do you have a sense compared to 2008, 2009 that you'd be comfortable being at a higher level of leverage over the next year or so than you were back then?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we said that we are going to get back to the dollar amount of leverage that we had in sort of the 2008 time frame. We levered the company about $1 billion in 2009. We -- through the first 3 quarters of 2010, we basically spent our free cash as we normally do between dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases, then we stated I believe it was sometime in the fourth quarter of 2010 that we would put that $1 billion of a leverage back in place. We've largely done that at this point. From here on out, we have constant conversations with our Board of Directors and we're going to be constantly evaluating, I'll say, our leverage positions relative to our operating performance in the backdrop of the marketplace. I don't think we have a perspective that we're going to increase leverage. I certainly don't think we're going to be increasing leverage in a dramatic way. We are very confident with the stability of our business. The operations performed extremely well even in the 2009 time frame, so I think we feel very comfortable where we're at and we'll continue to evaluate.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just on the share shifts, who you think you're winning share from in the pace of new business activity, is that changing?
John Wren: We don't know a single individual company I can target and say we're winning share from X-Y-Zed. New business, the way it works in the industry, is you're invited and you can't trigger accounts putting in, having accounts put into review. So we're -- it's a pretty reactive type of process and then you try to do the best as you can. Where you are proactive is in saving accounts and preventing accounts that you already service from going into review. So it's a very fluid quarter-to-quarter situation, and it depends on individual advertisers electing to review part of their businesses.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And in some respect, it's a long-term game, that the proactive -- the most proactive piece that our agencies do is the development of their talent. We certainly feel that we have the best agencies in the industry in almost every country. But it's the focus on that talent development that on a long-term basis allows us to hopefully continuously win share and become a better and bigger partner to our clients. We have a time for maybe one more question.
Operator: Very good. That is from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My question's on just a smaller area of business, but one that's been getting a lot of attention is the agency trading desk, Accuen, and maybe just tell us how business is accelerating there? And then just may be 2 specific questions on hiring, sort of the challenges and what you're seeing there? And then secondly, if whether or not you're working with clients to collect sort of a specialized group of technologies and customizing it per client, or whether there's more of a standard technology stack that you intend to use there?
John Wren: There's a couple of questions there. If I get some of them wrong, please correct me. The whole digital transformation that's going on in media is, for the most part, it's all organic. It's 100%. It's been greenfield from the time they were started probably 18 months ago. We work with a lot of different technology partners, and we're very happy. I'm very happy with the growth and the progress that we've made. And I only see that area and those capabilities as expanding as we go forward, especially as you -- as digital inventory, video, bunch of other things become available. It just opens up new avenues for clients to intelligently deploy and plan to spend their money. So we're tracking very well and I'm very pleased with our progress. That was the first question. And I'm sorry, somewhere on the third question, I'm not sure I'm going to be clear, so could you repeat them?
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Maybe just some specifics on hiring there. There's some, obviously, some highly technical skills involved. And then secondly, on whether or not you are building or customize solutions for clients, or whether there's more of a standard set of technologies that you use across the client base?
John Wren: Well, I, but the people that are responsible are aggressively hiring people with all sorts of talent, and we're finding that, all the expansion that we do in this area pays for itself very, very quickly. We've expanded our capabilities, which were started in -- were primarily based in the U.S. to Asia in the last 7 or 8 weeks, I think. We've got it up and running. And there are expansion plans going on in Europe as well. So there's hiring in all 3 of those places. Now the way we're getting to technological solutions is really a combination of us developing platforms, which work across quite a number of clients, and then specifically working with partners to create solutions, which in part are customized for specific clients.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Also, experience plays a big role there. This is a fairly new area for everyone. It's really been around for maybe it's a couple of years. We're also extending the spot that we're looking for talent, bringing in a range of expertise from mathematicians and data analysts and technologists, as well as people that have experience in marketing and new technology medias. And as far as custom technology versus standard platforms, I think with a lot of things with Omnicom, the answer is both. We're certainly developing a platform that allows us to be flexible around specific client needs. And there's an awful lot of learning that is going on with each client engagement and the experience that our people are getting. I think that was about all the time we have. So thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Craig Huber -  Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research Adrien de Saint Hilaire - Exane BNP Paribas James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included on Page 1 of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of this earnings call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation accompanying this call. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John Wren: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. We're pleased to announce strong operating results for the second quarter. It was an excellent quarter all the way around. Despite the challenging worldwide economic backdrop, our results reflect our continued focus on disciplined growth by enhancing the capabilities in the performance of our portfolio of agencies around the world.  While every market is different, we remain consistent in our focus of driving profitable and sustainable growth. The result is we believe we are executing against our 2011 business performance objectives, and we're improving our market position for tomorrow. I want to highlight several areas this morning. In the second quarter, organic growth was up 7.2% over the same period in 2010. Growth was particularly strong in our advertising and CRM businesses. Geographically, the strongest performing areas were the U.S., Asia and South America. Second, we're continuing to execute against our strategic objective of building a deeper presence in rapidly growing markets.  In the second quarter, we announced the creation of a new business unit, Omnicom Greater China. This unit will enhance our ability to maximize global marketing and brand building opportunities for our Chinese and multinational clients. The group already operates in more than 40 agencies in over 30 locations, covering 130 cities in Greater China, and the new operating structure will allow for greater coordination and integration. Looking to the second half, we expect to increase our acquisition activities in other high-growth developing markets. Third, we continue to make progress towards our goal of returning margins to 2007 levels by 2012, which began in earnest late last year. Randy will take you through more details of our margin for the second quarter a bit later. However, we began to see the effects of our strategic and repositioning activities on our margins during the quarter, and expect the margin improvement to continue during the second half of the year and into 2012. Although we're not finished yet with our review of all the companies in our portfolio, and we still have a little bit more work to do, we do not expect to incur any significant charges for the remainder of the year. Finally, our agencies continue to create groundbreaking, award-winning work that delivers value for our clients. At the International Festival of Creativity in Cannes held in June, our networks and agencies once again demonstrated their leadership by garnering top honors with BBDO and DDB ranking among the top 3 networks worldwide.  BBDO is the #1 ranked network for the fifth year in a row and took home 3 Grand Prix awards, the most awarded to any agency network at the festival. And for the first time, they received the network Global Creative Effectiveness award. BBDO Almap in Brazil was also named Agency of the Year for the second time in a row, and DDB's top wins included a Titanium line. Now let me touch on a few more specifics. Across the globe, our businesses remain resilient despite some significant challenges facing individual markets in Europe and the continued challenges facing Japan. In the U.S., we saw very strong organic growth, which was 8.1% versus the second quarter of last year. Though the job picture and the pace of economic improvement is more negative than it was last quarter, and we remain concerned about the failure to complete a debt ceiling deal, we believe that this situation will improve over the coming weeks and months. And as a result, we expect to see a moderate growth in the U.S. throughout the rest of 2011. In Europe, the picture is largely positive. Growth remains strong in the U.K. and in most European countries inside and outside the Eurozone. Overall, organic growth in the Eurozone was positive despite a year-over-year difficult comparison in France and the loss of an important client in the Netherlands. Meanwhile, in the rest of Europe outside of the Eurozone, we saw a very solid positive growth. In Asia, we continue to see double-digit growth even as Japan continues to recover from the tragic events of the first quarter, which resulted in negative growth in that country. And in the Middle East and South America, we also experienced very strong double-digit organic growth. Thanks in part to the strong growth in developing markets, together with new investments in these markets, we continue to diversify our businesses globally. Non-U.S. revenues for the quarter increased to 49% from 46% in the year-ago period, even as the U.S. continues to grow very, very significantly. And revenues from markets other than the U.S., the U.K. and the Eurozone represent almost 22% of our revenue in the quarter compared to 18% in the prior year. By industry, our growth is coming from across the spectrum of industries we serve. Revenues are up in every significant industry category with auto, financial services, technology and travel and entertainment having performed very, very well.  Turning to our cash flow. We remain committed to maximizing returns by utilizing free cash flow and cash on hand for dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases.  While acquisition activity was slower during the quarter than in the past several quarters, we continue to see a broad range of well-priced opportunities, and we would expect activity to pick up again in the second half of the year with a continued focus on expanding our presence in rapidly growing markets. During the quarter, we repurchased 6.6 million shares for a total of 13.4 million shares year-to-date. In closing, we're pleased with the performance of our business and the progress on our strategic priorities. We understand that our clients are looking for strategic partners who can not only create great work but can help them address critical business challenges, both globally and locally.  With this in mind, we continue to develop our management teams and seek leaders and innovators around the world to help us optimize our portfolio and drive profitable and sustainable growth. Together, our strategies will allow us to continue to serve our clients across geographies and disciplines in the face of the changes in the geographic landscape and rapidly evolving technologies. I'll now turn the call back to Randy who'll take us through the numbers and then we'll be available to answer your questions. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, John. It was an excellent quarter all the way around. Our agencies performed very well, being recognized by their clients with more than $1 billion in new business wins again this quarter, as well as being recognized by their peers in the numerous creative shows that have taken place this year around the world. And not to be left out, our treasury group was awarded the Adam Smith Award for best practice and innovation for 2011. In the second quarter, we continue to make solid progress towards the goals we set for ourselves for 2011 and 2012. In spite of continued uncertainties in the domestic and global economies, Omnicom recorded strong organic revenue growth in most of our major markets and all of our targeted growth markets, as well as across the full breadth of industries that we serve.  Our agencies also made excellent progress in leveraging our people and resources more effectively and managing our costs more efficiently. We achieved meaningful margin improvements this quarter and continue to track well towards the margin target we set for ourselves for 2012. Now turning to the details of our financial performance. With very strong organic growth and a fairly significant positive FX impact, our year-over-year revenue grew 14.7%, bringing revenue for the quarter up to $3.49 billion. Our reported EBITDA increased 18.4% to $511 million. Our resulting EBITDA margin was up substantially to 14.7%, which was about a 50 basis point improvement from last year. it's also worth noting that this margin improvement was net of what was a negative impact from FX of almost 20 basis points. And our reported operating income or EBIT increased 17.5% to $488 million.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $27.6 million, up $3.9 million from Q2 of last year and down about $4.5 million from Q1 this year.  The year-over-year increase primarily reflected the interest on the $1 billion 10-year senior note we issued last August, partially offset by the positive effect of the interest rate swaps we entered into on our 2016 senior notes and the benefits of our strong operating cash performance.  On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was 34.3%. Basically in line with our expected operating rate for 2011, which is between 34.2% and 34.4%. As a result, net income for the quarter increased a very strong 13.1% to $275 million. And when combined with the year-over-year share reduction of 7.6%, diluted earnings per share on the quarter increased substantially to $0.96 per share or a 21.5% increase. Turning to Page 3. We take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX on a year-over-year basis, the dollar continued to weaken versus most of our major currencies. The net result was a positive FX impact on revenue for the quarter of $168 million or about 5.5%. As I mentioned before, the FX impact had a negative impact on our EBITDA margin of about 20 basis points. Looking ahead, if FX rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to be positive around 4% in Q3 and then about 2% in Q4. Revenue growth from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $60 million in the quarter or about 2%. The second quarter represented the first full quarter impact of the acquisitions of the Clemenger Group in Australia and New Zealand and Communispace in the U.S., as well as several dispositions, primarily in the U.S. There continue to be several additional dispositions that we are working on that we expect to complete before year end. And as always, there are a number of acquisitions that are being reviewed and considered. With regard to organic growth, we had another very strong quarter. Our agencies are doing very well in the new business front and on expanding the scope of services they are providing clients, especially with respect to the use of new technologies. As I mentioned, we continue to see year-over-year growth across every industry sector that we serve, and we finally cycled on the loss of Chrysler this quarter. As a result, organic revenue growth was a very strong 7.2% or $218 million. Turning to our mix of business. Brand advertising accounted for 46% of our revenue and Marketing Services, 54%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising continue to take the lead with 10% organic growth while Marketing Services was up 4.9%. Within the Marketing Services category, CRM had 7.5% organic growth. And within this sector, direct and field marketing, branding and research all had outstanding performances. Public Relations had organic growth of 1.3% and Specialty Communications decreased by about 1.2%. On Slide 5, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 51% U.S. and 49% international. In the United States, revenue increased $127 million or 7.8%. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, reduced revenue by about $5 million or 0.3%, and organic growth continue to be very strong at 8.1% or about $132 million. International revenue increased $319 million or 22.7%. A little more than half that growth or $168 million was a result of FX changes. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $65 million or 4.7%, and organic growth, although very mixed by country, was overall quite strong and up 6.1% or about $86 million.  Internationally in Asia, we had stronger performances in China, Australia, South Korea Singapore and India. Japan was modestly negative, with several of our agencies feeling the effect of the earthquake and tsunami. In Europe, results continue to be very mixed. The U.K. and Russia performed very well. France was flat, and Germany was up modestly. Elsewhere in Europe, we had good performances in the Czech Republic and Belgium. In the so-called peak markets, organic growth in the aggregate are far better than last year, was only marginally positive with Spain, Portugal and Italy performing okay and Ireland and Greece continuing to be negative. Additionally, Latin America and the Middle East continue to have strong double-digit organic growth. Slide 6 shows our mix of business by industry. There were no significant changes in our mix of business in the quarter, and again, this quarter, we experienced positive growth across all of the industry segments that we serve. The strongest sectors for us were financial services, technology, travel and entertainment, retail and now that we've cycled through the loss of Chrysler, our auto business was up year-over-year in the quarter almost 20%. Turning to Slide 7, cash flow. Our cash performance in the first half of the year was in line with our expectations. We generated approximately $470 million of free cash flow after CapEx and excluding changes in working capital. Our primary uses of cash, year-to-date, were dividends to our common shareholders which totaled about $129 million; dividends paid to our noncontrolling interest shareholders of about $50 million; acquisitions, net of the proceeds from the sale of investments was $277 million; and share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our share plans and their related tax benefits totaled $557 million. Combined, this resulted in a net use of cash year-to-date of approximately $543 million.  Slide 8 shows our current capital structure. Our net debt position at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.2 billion, which was an increase of about $550 million over the last 12 months. That increase was driven predominantly by a return of capital to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases, which for the last 12 months, totaled about $1.5 billion and that's net of the stock issuance proceeds. And our total debt was $3.2 billion, which was effectively unchanged from the end of the first quarter and up about $1 billion year-over-year through the issuance of the 2020 bonds last August. Our leverage ratio, or total debt-to-EBITDA ratio, stands at 1.8x, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is approximately 1.2x. Our interest coverage ratio remained very strong at 11.9x. And finally on Slide 9, where all the numbers come together, our return on invested capital and return on equity for the last 12 months increased to 15.5% and 24.5%, respectively. Both improved from last quarter, and both remain consistent with our 10-year historic averages. And with that, I'm going to now ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question in queue will come from John Janedis with UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Can you give us a little more color on what you're seeing in the U.K.? You're now on, I think, the fifth consecutive quarter of mid- to high-single digit organic growth in the marketplace and I'm wondering how much of that is share gains? And what are your people on the ground telling you about clients spend, given that continued soft economy in the market?
John Wren: I would say share gains contribute quite a bit to our overall performance in the U.K. We have excellent agencies there, and we've been batting very well in terms of new business opportunities. In terms of many of our clients there are regionally and globally based clients, so there's an increase in spending in terms of what their plans are and their objectives are.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then on -- Randy, for you, you talked about consolidations and divestitures as part of your margin goals for next year. Can you give us an update on how far along you are relative to plan there?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. As we mentioned, or as John mentioned, we think we're pretty far along with anything that could have a charge. We think we've taken most of those charges in the first quarter. We certainly have a few more transactions we'd like to get completed. The timing of that is hard to determine. It's not fully in our control. People are progressing, but whether they're going to close behind the third quarter, the fourth quarter, is hard to say. I have to say there were a couple that I was hoping we're going to close in the second quarter that didn't happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just looking at the impressive top line results in the quarter, can you give us a general sense of how they may progress through the quarter? I'm trying to get an idea if you have any sense of the good growth continuing into Q3? And also, sort of on that same topic, could you just elaborate on what clients are saying about spending in the second half? Do you find that they're generally on track for their annual budgets?
John Wren: At the moment, I would say people are on track for the spending that they're planned to do. There is, as we all know, there's a fair amount of uncertainty here in the U.S., given Congress' inaction and people not knowing quite how to plan in the near term. So we remain a victim as everyone is of those actions, But short of that, everybody has been very consistent so far in terms of what their planning is for the balance of the year.
Randall Weisenburger: I think our revenues over the quarter were pretty balanced month-to-month.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So really no reason to assume that we should see sort of a change in the trend in sort of July, August given your comps are roughly the same?
John Wren: No, I mean, July and August, the third quarter is not as large or significant as the second quarter is. But on a year-over-year basis, I think we can expect the same type of growth.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just that you bought back an impressive number of shares sort of year-to-date it sounds from your earlier comments that the focus may be more towards acquisitions in the second half. Are those -- how much -- I guess any comments you could give us on your outlook for the share repurchase given that in the second half, and also how much visibility do you have on that acquisition pipeline over the next couple of months? And should we assume that acquisition growth therefore should offset the divestitures that you highlighted?
Randall Weisenburger: We have a great visibility in our pipeline. We don't necessarily have such great visibility on when they're going to close. So that one's a little trickier. Two sides to every transaction.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I mean I guess are there some deals that sort of you -- I mean when you say the acquisition activity's going to pick up, how much confidence do you have behind that? Are there some deals that you're about to close, some deals that you closed? And if not, should we assume the buyback activity will be similar to the first half?
John Wren: Well, there's a number of deals which we're in the process of completing. We expect some of them will close in the next -- in the third quarter or beginning of the fourth quarter. Again, as Randy suggested, we're not always 100% in control of the timing because there's another side to the equation. And so we've targeted a number of companies in a number of developing markets, and we're proceeding at a pace to close them. I suspect that they'll be closed this year. I just don't know the month in which they will be done. At least I'm hopeful that they'll be done. Having said that, I think we exceeded what our original target was in terms of repurchasing shares slightly than what we told you in the first half. We will make those judgments along with the board as we get through the rest of the year, but right now our focus is on acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Nollen from Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I have some interrelated questions on operating margin. First off, did you have any -- or can you give us any numbers behind any type of onetime items that might have been incurred in Q2? I didn't see any in the press release or the slides. Secondly, related to this, it looks like your SG&A margin went up just a bit, but you're OMG margin went down quite a lot in Q2. If you could talk a bit about what went behind those. And then lastly, again, interrelated to this, you had been saying that your progress towards your margin target might be a bit more 2H weighted as opposed to 1H although your Q2 margin expansion was 50 basis points. Does this mean you, I guess this is related to a previous question, are you maybe a little ahead of track here? Or what should we think about second half margins?
Randall Weisenburger: Almost forget the first points. So the first points were on...
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Onetime items, if there were any onetime charges you could talk about in Q2?
Randall Weisenburger: Certainly wasn't anything significant, I mean I guess for the company of our size there's always -- you can call anything you want one time. But there's certainly nothing of major significance. As far as the breakout of where our operating leverage came from, we had operating leverage everywhere. What came through in the quarter was on I'll say some of our fixed cost. We're certainly making fairly good progress on rent, depreciation and those types of items that are in control of the cost, making reasonable progress on the salary side as well. That gets offset a little bit by incentive accruals as well. Incentive accruals have been up for the first half. So it creates a bit of a balance. I think we're largely, and you said kind of how we're tracking, I think we're largely on track to where we wanted to be from a margin perspective coming through the year. I was a little bit surprised with the impact that FX had on margins. Obviously, our domestic margins are a little bit higher than our international margins, overall, and with the normal sort of 2% or 3% plus or minus FX you don't really notice it. This quarter with the 5.5% impact from FX, we actually saw it in the margins a little bit. It was almost 20 basis points. So I think, overall, we're tracking pretty well. I think we're pretty happy with our progress. Certainly have an awful lot of people in the organization, if not everybody, focused on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Bird from Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: John, I was wondering if you could just talk about how much impact social media is having on your business? And as you look at results this quarter, was there any particular part of your business that really surprised you?
John Wren: I guess the second question first. There wasn't anything that surprised me very much. We just saw a very steady performance in all the markets that weren't under some unusual stress like Japan and Greece. So I was happy across the board as Randy mentioned and I mentioned I think in our comments. In terms of social media, it's affecting everything, Bill. I would imagine almost every campaign, advertising campaign we do, every marketing services store promotion campaign that we do, at this point has some social marketing component to it. And it's becoming just part of the normal process that we go through in terms of wanting to include and extend the messaging into a network. So it's pretty much the norm. It's no longer just demographic targeting and media selection. It's how do you engage the consumer and try to encourage that kind of conversation.
Randall Weisenburger: I think even broader is just the rapid deployment of new and emerging technologies. It seems that every one of our disciplines, every one of our campaigns, people are experimenting with or utilizing new technologies to extend the region, extend the breadth of the campaigns.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Great. And just a follow-up, just wondering if you're seeing any kind of change in behavior in just some of your more discretionary like project-type areas of your business?
John Wren: So much of it I can categorize as a project. Now, I wouldn't say, I mean, it's constantly evolving, it's constantly changing. But I wouldn't say there's any major trends that are developing that stand out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just maybe 3 questions. John, I guess you were indicating in the back half of the year you were looking in the U.S. for more moderate -- for moderate growth, I don't want to misstate it. I'm assuming you consider the 8% growth in the second quarter above moderate. So I just want to see if you can give any more color as to what you're looking for in the U.S. kind of in the back half of the year, especially since the comparisons get pretty tough in the fourth quarter. And then secondly, in terms of margins, was there any easily quantifiable impact of your dispositions on margins in the second quarter? And then finally, just any general thoughts on what type of salary pressure or turnover pressure you're seeing in terms of your margins going forward? Or are salary increases and turnover kind of in line with historical norms at this stage of the cycle?
John Wren: First, U.S. growth. I mean U.S. growth has trended a little higher in the first half, when you exclude Chrysler from our first quarter, than we have been anticipating. And it's hard sitting here, given the backdrop of unemployment and all the challenges that the U.S. has to think that it's not going to moderate closer to what our original forecast, which was a couple of points slower as we get into the second half. We're not hoping for that. We're not planning for it -- we are planning for it. So we're being a bit conservative in that. Until we see it, we're not going to believe it's going to happen. In terms of margins I didn't...
Randall Weisenburger: The question was the impact of dispositions on margins. It wasn't meaningful. Certainly, the companies that we've tried to dispose of were not high-margin, high-growth businesses. Otherwise, we wouldn't have been looking to dispose of them. So I'm sure there was a positive impact. But at most, it would have been a couple basis points.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay. So certainly under 10%?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. First of all, it wasn't very much revenue. So it couldn't have a lot of impact. And the last one was salary pressure and turnover. I don't believe turnover has changed in any kind of a meaningful way. Salary pressure, there is some salary pressure. We're 2 or 3 years into a recessionary period that we've been trying to control costs. There's certainly a number of people that haven't had salary increases in a couple of years at this point. So with that, there's certainly some pressure, but it's an unfortunate state of the U.S. economy and a lot of the global economies that we're going to have to keep those costs under control.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: So kind of a low single-digit, at this point, expectation in terms of just base salary growth?
John Wren: Certainly. And it's not easy, but we certainly try to manage to that. As Randy said, increasing base salaries as to reflect the growth of the marketplace that you're in. And we try to reward people where we can't increase salaries through increased incentives if the performance exceeds what our expectations were.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I have a couple, I'll do one at a time. Randy, you were mentioning the impact the foreign exchange is having on margins. I just wonder if you can give us the hierarchy of the 4 regions report U.S., U.K., other and Euro, you said U.S. is the highest, which of the 3 other regions, what's the hierarchy of margin base rate?
Randall Weisenburger: I don't know to be honest. I've got the U.S. a little bit higher. Europe is probably, at least right now, on the lower end. So what were the other -- I mean what were the regions you mentioned? U.S.?
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Yes, I was looking at your Slide 5, U.S., U.K., other and Euro because I'm just trying to get a sense as we look at currency the rest of the way, how should we think about the impact of currency by region on potential margin degradation for the currency?
Randall Weisenburger: From a volume standpoint, U.S. and the Euro region, including the U.K., is the bulk of the revenue. So the U.S. margins are a bit higher than Europe. The rest of the world isn't going to move the needle dramatically in that kind of a timeframe.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. And you mentioned acquisitions, the international acquisitions, is the majority of that in the other markets because I know commerce was there which should be Australia. But is that focused mostly on others, is there any acquisitions being done in Euro or U.K.?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes we're always looking at acquisitions to extend our current capabilities around Europe. We have a number of brand platforms operating in the Europe looking to extend their capabilities and reach, so those are always possibilities. And obviously, it's a large geographic area, so from a numbers standpoint, it's inevitable that we'll complete a number of acquisitions in those markets. As a strategic focus, the rest of the world is obviously a greater, yes, I'll say a strategic focus, Asia, emerging Asia, Latin America, Middle East, probably India, obviously are very important, and we've got a lot of resources focused on expanding there.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. But do you think year-to-date that is still mostly other is the main -- or the amount of flow you're seeing for acquisition base revenue, is that mainly coming through the other geography line or is it more mixed?
John Wren: Yes, I mean, just to maybe restate what Randy said. Our focus in terms of us working and searching and looking and developing acquisitions from a corporate perspective, is really in the other developing markets around the world. I would say once you get into the more developed markets, they become opportunities, and there are opportunities that come up from time to time and we act on them. So our efforts are on both, but we're actively searching in developing markets.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. One last one, if you look at your revenue by industry mix, you guys had a very big step up in financial services this quarter versus the last quarter, last year's quarter. I wonder was there anything unusual, is it acquisitions related? Is it new business wins? So you went from maybe it's a rounding from 8% to 10% financial service impact in terms of the revenue by industry? Was there anything unusual about that? Or is that -- or any industry that's actually financial services that's driving that underneath these numbers?
Randall Weisenburger: I think we had strong new business performance in the space, as well as the sector doing well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Access 342.
Craig Huber - : My first question please, normally you give us the net new business wins in the quarter, what was it this time please?
Randall Weisenburger: One more time, I'm sorry.
Craig Huber - : What was the net new business wins in the quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: It was just over $1 billion.
Craig Huber - : Okay. And then also you've talked about these divestitures. Can you quantify the revenues what's potentially left here to divest, is it less than $100 million of revenues at this stage?
John Wren: On an annual basis?
Craig Huber - : Yes.
Randall Weisenburger: On an annualized basis, it would be -- if we had everything completed on the potentials list, it would be about $200 million.
John Wren: Right. The likelihood of that is unfortunately small, but -- so it will be less than $200 million but the max will be about that.
Craig Huber - : Okay. And was severance in the quarter more like a normal $15 million to $20 million?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes.
John Wren: Yes.
Craig Huber - : And then lastly, can you just talk a little bit further on the Europe, the Euro part x U.K. of 0.4% in the quarter. I mean given the worsening economic trends out there, I mean does it seem inconceivable that could certainly go negative here in the third quarter, I wanted to, just curious what your clients are telling you, a little bit further clarity, please?
Randall Weisenburger: It was actually fairly mixed results by market and somewhat business related. We had a -- we had one client, I think John mentioned, that was reasonably sizable that was lost.
John Wren: But Europe is -- at the moment Germany continues to be strong followed by the U.K. The rest of Northern Europe is steady. We saw some improvements in the non-Euro markets and then Southern Europe is a disaster. The good news is that in Southern Europe, our numbers, which have been decreasing for the last several quarters are getting smaller so the decreases are less impactful.
Craig Huber - : Is the general sense though for Euro, for the back half of the year that it would be -- trend similar to what you saw in the second quarter or worse or just too hard to tell right now?
John Wren: It's hard to tell. So I mean being conservative, we'd say we're expecting about the same as what we've seen.
Craig Huber - : Okay, very good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Chesler from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Within your disciplines, there is one that stood out, especially Cannes down 1% maybe can you just give us some color as to what's driving that. Is there any geographic exposure to that as well? And then Randy, just in terms of your leverage, it looks like you guys have restored your leverage to what it was before the downturn. Wondering if you thought that you're finally at an optimal point in terms of leverage that you're comfortable with? Or if that might change to one degree or another going forward?
Randall Weisenburger: First on specialty. That category is largely our ethical pharmaceutical area. And it was healthcare overall was up but that area of healthcare was down. As far as leverage goes, as we said as we go through the year, we kind of restored that -- put that $1 billion of leverage back. We front-end loaded this year a little bit. Certainly, the share repurchase activity in the first half, we said was going to be about 10 million shares. I think we ended up right at 10 million shares, net. I think it was about 13-point-something million shares, gross. Yes, so I think we're largely on track to where we thought we were going to be. I don't think we're quite back to the full leverage level on a net basis that we said we're going to probably get to by the end of this year and the beginning of next year.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And to follow up on the dispositions comment, is there -- could you just generally characterize the characteristics of the businesses that you don't think are no longer attractive to be in the portfolio. Apart from whether or not you think they will grow or whether they're profitable. But is there any particular geographic exposure or discipline exposure that they have in common, or maybe if you could just generalize it? Just generalize what no longer fits.
Randall Weisenburger: They are mostly U.S.-based. 50% of our business is the U.S., so that make sense. They're businesses that are maybe generally good businesses, but not strategically aligned with the overall portfolio of Omnicom. So it's either a different client base or they were attempts at greater alignment or greater benefits of being part of the overall portfolio that haven't quite worked out.
John Wren: That's fair. Non-core.
Randall Weisenburger: And generally, the businesses have good management teams. It's not a matter of a poorly run businesses. They are generally fairly good businesses, smart management teams, they're just not a core alignment with, I'll say the rest of the Omnicom group. We can't bring a lot to them, and they're not bringing a lot to the rest of the Omnicom family.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Is it safe to say that those are businesses that should have a -- or expected to have a lower gross profile and lower margin profile than the group? And if so, I would imagine it's not a very large contributor to your 2012 goal, but if you were to fully execute on your $200 million disposition plan, what do you think the impact to growth in the margin would be?
John Wren: I wouldn't say -- at this point, I wouldn't say that there's any impact. At this point, it's more tidiness and just getting all of our strategic initiatives completed. I don't see even the disposition of these businesses impacting our margins, overall, whether they're with us or they're not with us.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: So if you had 120 basis points to make up of margin for 2012, the impact of dispositions is negligible?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, just work through the math a little bit. If they were -- even if it was a 5% margin difference on say the full $200 million in revenue, that's $10 million. That's a pretty small shift in total. You said we're striving let's say for 100, 120 basis points of margin on $13 billion of revenue. $10 million doesn't change the answer very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Couple of questions. John and Randy, where do you guys think we are on the U.S. ad recovery? And the reason I'm asking is when you look at your -- this is the first quarter were you had a difficult comp and you showed acceleration in revenue growth from last quarter even if you strip out Chrysler. And I look at the drivers of it, and branded advertising was up, 10%, I think you said. I know that's not a U.S. number but still, that's an impressive leading growth category. And financial services and auto were the 2 categories that were the strongest I believe looking at your slides, which I would sort of describe is kind of cyclical sectors. So you could look at the quarter and sort of say maybe we're seeing continued acceleration off of the prior year's pullback in major corporate spending, or maybe you could look at it the other way and say your business tend to be a little later cycle, given just the timing of how contracts work and so this is reflective of what we've seen in the last 12 months. And maybe that's why John you gave the comments that more moderate in the back half, just trying understand how you guys are looking at the results and sort of parse through that question.
John Wren: Sure, I mean, well, there are a few cyclical things, which certainly have impacted the business. But at this point, I think, we've cycled through most of that. Most of our clients are focused on growing their top line and that has been a conversation that's been going on for a good long while. And certainly is the focus today when we sit down and we speak to our clients. The media is changing, the shift in media is changing where we spend our money and how we provide those services shifts as we go throughout the year. And we always held the belief, and it's a long-term belief and it's served us pretty well, that over the long term, marketing spend will correlate in some fashion to GDP. And so we're happy when we exceed our objectives, but we're governed by our history and by our beliefs. And so we expect things to moderate a bit.
Randall Weisenburger: And I think, especially in the United States, we've had a good new business run and what impacts the revenue right now isn't so much what happened this quarter but what's happened over the last several quarters. Our agencies, I think, have done a fairly good job on the new business front for a number of quarters now. As well as expanding the service offering to our clients. Someone asked the question about social media, I extended and talked about new technologies. Those new technologies are ways for our agencies to provide more value-enhanced services to existing clients. So I think all of that is helping to lead those growth rates. It's very difficult for us to know how much of our growth is a rebound off of a maybe what was potentially a lower than normal number in prior periods, and how much of it is economic recovery. And how much of it, frankly, is growth of services with our clients as opposed to new business. So all of those things are certainly helping us right now. As John pointed out, we expect over sometime for our revenues to sort of reconnect with GDP plus 100 or 200 basis points. But that will happen over some period of time.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And Randy, if you look at things like social and new technologies, should that -- if those are driving a bigger piece of your business over time does that show up as marketing services versus branded advertising? I don't want to read too much into those categories, but just trying to think about the buckets here.
Randall Weisenburger: No. So that's what we've been trying to say for people for a long time. Those aren't disciplines. They are mediums or tools that all of our agencies are utilizing to provide the types of services that they provide to their clients. So if it's a shopper marketing firm, they're going to be utilizing all of those tools and technologies to execute to their client. If it's a PR firm, they're going to be dealing with social media, new technologies, new analytics in order to provide better service to their clients. So it's really embedded in those disciplines for us, and it's positively impacting all of our agencies across all of our lines of business.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay, understood. So the fact that advertising grew twice as fast as Marketing Services in the quarter, we really shouldn't read anything or conclude anything from that?
Randall Weisenburger: Certainly not from a new technologies perspective.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough. And then last question if I could squeeze it in here, this is about a year since the Google announcement last year when you guys broadened your partnership significantly, and I'm just wondering if you had kind of looking back in the last 12 months, if that agreement has accelerated your growth or it changed how you've done business or glad you didn't win more business, any sort of first year anniversary commentary on that agreement?
John Wren: No, we've entered into similar agreements with I guess all the other major competitors to Google in the area of search and display advertising. And so I would say in the aggregate, all of those partnerships are helping us adjust and adapt and improve the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns that we provide to our clients. But I wouldn't single out any one particular group.
Operator: That question comes from the line of Adrien de Saint Hilaire from BNP Paribas.
Adrien de Saint Hilaire - Exane BNP Paribas: Just wondering what was the performance of -- you more or less touched on that, but of digital advertising in the U.S. in Q2? And how do you see things in the future knowing that some of your competitors are investing heavily in terms of acquisitions there. So how do you see the growth of digital in the U.S.? And if you could remind us what's the share of digital in your revenues in the U.S.?
John Wren: Sure. I continue to hold the view that everything has a digital component associated with it. And if you look at any of the campaigns which have been worked on for our major clients, you'll find that there's a significant digital, as well as traditional, component to both. Our attitude all along has been to offer separate specialty services in digital to the extent that clients want to buy it that way. But our belief is that all of our services are digital and will become digital. And it's my personal belief 2 years from now, you won't even use that word to make a distinction. But so we don't, unless Randy, correct me, we don't break the numbers out quite that way because everything is moving in that direction.
Randall Weisenburger: We don't even -- I mean if you heard my comment just a second ago, we talk about new technologies not digital or non-digital because frankly everything, as John pointed out, is digital in some respects or another. We see, all of our agencies see significant opportunities to utilize new technologies to extend the services that they're providing to clients fundamentally around their same disciplines. If it's brand advertising or PR or shopper marketing or Field Marketing, all of those disciplines are utilizing new technologies to provide better and greater services to their clients. And it's taking more work, more labor hours, but they're providing a, I don't want to say better, but a broader, hopefully a more effective job to their clients. And thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Craig Huber -  Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Meggan Friedman - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc. John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We’ve posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website.  Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and the other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially.  I'd also like to remind you that during the course of this earnings call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation accompanying this call.  We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John Wren: Thank you, Randy. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased with our operating results for the first quarter. These results build on the progress we made during 2010 and also show the strengthening of our business over the last year.  This morning, in particular, I want to highlight several areas. First, organic growth. Organic growth in the quarter was up 5.2% over the same period in 2010. This represents the fifth consecutive quarter of positive growth and the last quarter where we face comparisons to the Chrysler business. Excluding its effect, organic growth would have been 6.8%. Second, we completed the Clemenger acquisition in early February. This is one of a series of strategic acquisitions in markets such as Columbia, Russia, India and China that will help us deepen and expand our presence in Asia and developing markets. In addition, our acquisitions of Communispace, Voce and Fanscape help us to expand our digital capabilities in consumer insights, analytics and social media. Each of these acquisitions meets the test of strategic fit and price, and each represents an investment in what we believe are some of the best companies in their respective disciplines and markets. As many of you know, in March, we announced that we have made significant progress in digital through new strategic partnerships with Microsoft, Yahoo! and AOL. This come on the heels of our Google partnership announced in 2010. Each of these partnerships is designed to leverage our skills in areas of brand building, storytelling and creative, with our partner's technological skills, platforms and reach. Our goal with each of these partnerships is to continue to build the strongest competencies for our agencies and deliver innovative and effective tools and ideas to our clients worldwide. Lastly, we continue to make progress towards our goal of returning margins to 2007 levels by 2012. Late last year, we embarked on a review of all of our businesses with the goal of improving margins while also investing in our best growth opportunities. We also challenged each of our companies to identify opportunities to improve margins while continuing to drive growth. I'm happy to report that we made substantial progress disposing and of reorganizing non-strategic and underperforming businesses in our portfolio. Total annual revenue for businesses disposed of to date is approximately $120 million. During the quarter, we did incur charges affecting the P&L as a result of these repositioning activities. We also recognized the gain in connection with the completion of our acquisition of a majority interest in Clemenger. Randy will walk you through these items and their implications on the quarter in more detail during his part of the presentation. Although we are not finished with our review of all the companies in our portfolio, we do not expect to incur significant charges for the remainder of the year.  Taken together, these actions demonstrate a focus on executing our core strategies of building our presence in key markets outside the United States, improving our digital competencies and driving margin improvement without hampering growth. Turning to an analysis of revenue by region. In the U.S., we continue to see strong organic growth of 4.1% versus the first quarter of last year and 6.8% excluding Chrysler. As I noted in February, we expect growth for the year to return to more historic levels as we face more difficult year-over-year comps. With that said though, we expect to see solid growth in the U.S. market, as employment and business fundamentals continue to improve.  In Europe, organic growth was 2.1%. We saw a strong growth in both the U.K. and France, trends, we believe, will continue. Outside the Eurozone, we also saw solid positive growth. In the Middle East, the recent political turmoil did not have a significant impact on our revenue.  In Asia and South America, our investments continue to generate significant positive returns with double-digit growth in each of the regions. The tragic events in Japan contributed to a negative performance in that market for the quarter. However, based upon what we know today, we do not see a significant impact to our operations for the remainder of 2011. Our thoughts are with the people of Japan and the families of our clients and staff who were affected. I want to thank our agencies and employees around the world for their numerous efforts to support the victims of the earthquake and the tsunami. Lastly, I want to note that as part of our continuing efforts to diversify our geographic revenue mix, non-U.S. revenues have increased to 47.6% from 45.5% in the year-ago quarter, even while U.S. revenues continue to grow significantly. Our revenues from markets other than the U.S., U.K. and Euro, now represent over 20% of our revenue for the first time in our history. Our growth is also coming from the spectrum of industries we serve. Revenues are up in every significant industry category, including pharma and healthcare, financial services, food and beverage and consumer products. All these areas performed exceptionally well. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to utilize our free cash flow and cash on hand for acquisition, dividends and share repurchases. In addition to the acquisitions we completed, we repurchased 6.8 million shares and increased our quarterly dividend by 25% during the quarter. Finally, overall, we are pleased with the continued performance of our business. As we talk with our clients, we see significant opportunities to help them execute their plans for growth. As we talk to our agencies, we see an organization that is working aggressively to anticipate trends and develop innovative ideas for our clients.  As we look forward for ways to deploy our capital, we continue to see reasonably priced companies in the market or we specialize skills that we believe will continue to further our overall growth strategies. Lastly, but certainly not least, we remain vigilant in seeking to optimize our portfolio to ensure that when we invest, we are doing so in companies that are well positioned for profitable growth. I will now turn the call back to Randy, and he'll take us through the quarter in detail.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, John. In summary, the first quarter was a solid and busy start to the year. The underlying fundamentals of our business have continued to improve, and our new business efforts have been very successful. As a result, we continue to experience positive organic growth across each of our business disciplines and across all of the industry segments that we serve. In addition, we successfully closed several acquisitions in the quarter that we're very excited about. Before I discuss the results for the quarter, I want to point out that there are a couple of items included in the reported figures that we need to break out so that the numbers are more comparable against the prior period. As we discussed in the Q4 earnings call, as a result of our acquisition of a controlling interest in our long-term affiliate, the Clemenger Group, which is the leading marketing communications group in Australia and New Zealand, in accordance with GAAP, we recorded a gain resulting from the remeasurement of the carrying value of our equity interest to fair value. In addition, we continue to implement the strategic review process that we initiated last year. Our agencies were very busy in the quarter, taking a number of actions, including disposing of several businesses, consolidating several of our smaller operations, as well as certain businesses consolidating several of their locations and taking numerous actions to further increase operating efficiencies. As a result of these repositioning actions, we incurred a cost in the quarter of $131.3 million. There were also a number of disruptive and tragic events that occurred in the quarter that many of our agency personnel and their families had to work through, including the disaster in Japan; the earthquake in Christchurch, New Zealand; the floods in Brisbane, Australia; and the political unrest and turmoil in the Middle East. I commend our agencies in those affected regions for managing what are extremely difficult situations with exceptional skill. Now turning to our financial performance. As I said, it was a very solid quarter and largely in line with our expectations. Year-over-year revenue grew 7.9%, bringing revenue for the quarter to $3.15 billion. Reported EBITDA increased 11.6% to $343 million, and our resulting EBITDA margin was 10.9%, up about 40 basis points from last year. As I mentioned, there were several items in the quarter that impacted our reported earnings. First, the cost associated with the repositioning actions that were executed in the quarter totaled approximately $131.3 million and, second, the remeasurement gain associated with our acquisition of a controlling interest in Clemenger of $123.4 million. The net effect of these two items reduced EBITDA by $7.9 million or about 25 basis points. Our reported operating income, or EBIT, increased 10.7% to $322 million for a year-over-year margin improvement of about 20 basis points. Adjusting for the repositioning costs and the remeasurement gain, our EBIT margin was 10.5%, off about 50 basis points.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $32.1 million, up $8 million from Q1 last year and essentially flat from the fourth quarter. The increase versus the first quarter of 2010 was primarily reflective of interest on the $1 billion of 10-year senior notes issued in August of 2010, partially offset by the positive effects for interest rate swaps on our 2016 senior notes and increased interest income. From the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was 25.5%. The reduction in the rate is primarily the result of minimal tax expense associated with the Clemenger remeasurement gain, offset by a lower-than-average tax benefits on certain of the repositioning charges and a $9 million tax charge associated with closing various audit issues for the years 2005, '06 and '07. Going forward, as we outlined at the end of last year, we expect our operating tax rate to be in the 34.2% to 34.4% range. Net income for the quarter increased 23.6% to $201.9 million, and diluted earnings per share in the quarter increased 32.7% to $0.69 per share. The diluted share count for the quarter was 289 million shares, down about 7% from the same period last year. Before we review our financial performance, we added a slide on Page 3 that lays out where the remeasurement gain and the repositioning charges are reflected in our P&L. The repositioning expenses primarily included severance, real estate and other charges related to underperforming businesses that were disposed of, as well as our efforts to correct staffing imbalances and make operating improvements in certain underperforming businesses that we believe are strategically important. We also undertook the consolidation of certain back-office operations and infrastructure for a number of our smaller businesses.  The severance charges, which will be cash, totaled approximately $92.8 million and were included in salary and service expense. Additional, primarily non-cash charges related to asset and goodwill write-offs, real estate charges net of gains on dispositions, totaled $38.5 million, were included in office and general expenses. The remeasurement gain of $123.4 million is included as a reduction in office and general expenses. While the bulk of our actions associated with our strategic review activities were completed in the first quarter, we do anticipate several additional dispositions and some additional repositioning expenses later this year. The exact timing is difficult to predict with certainty, but our goal is to complete these actions in the second quarter. Turning to Page 4, we take a closer look at our revenue performance. First, with regard to FX. On a year-over-year basis, the dollar weakened versus most of our major currencies, with the exception of the euro. The net result was a positive FX impact for the quarter of $37 million or about 1.3%. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are currently, we expect FX to be positive around 4% in the second quarter and then flatten out in the second half of the year. We expect the full year impact to be positive only about 2%. Revenue growth from acquisitions net of dispositions increased revenue by $42 million in the quarter or about 1.4%. A few of the larger transactions were Clemenger and Communispace this quarter and DDB Columbia and OMG Middle East at the end of last year. As I mentioned before, we do expect to complete a couple of additional dispositions before year end. And in all likelihood, we will also close at least a few more acquisitions. With regard to organic growth, we had a very solid quarter. We continued to see year-over-year growth across every industry sector that we serve. Our new business efforts have been strong, and we continue to see economic recovery, although slow, in most of the markets that we operate. As a result, organic revenue growth was 5.2% or $152 million. Fortunately, this was the last quarter before we cycle on the Chrysler loss. Excluding Chrysler, which was just over $47 million in revenue in Q1 of 2010, organic growth was 6.8%. A couple of other items in the quarter worth mentioning. We did experience lost revenue in the quarter as a result of the political turmoil in the Middle East. As a result, growth in the region slowed from strong double digits to single digits. The Middle East region accounts for about 1% of our revenue. Also, as a result of the tragic events that occurred in Japan, we experienced some disruption at the end of the quarter and expect it to continue for the next couple of quarters. Japan accounts for about 1.5% of our revenue. Although it has not yet impacted us, the issues in Japan may also affect spending by Japanese clients outside of Japan over the balance of the year. Turning to our mix of business, brand advertising accounted for 45% of our revenue, and marketing services, 55%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising had 4.2% organic growth, and marketing services was up 6.1%. However, with brand advertising, we have to keep in mind the Chrysler loss. Excluding Chrysler, brand advertising had organic growth of about 7%. Within the marketing services category, CRM had 7.1% organic growth. Within this sector, direct and field marketing, branding, research and design all had outstanding performances. Our Events business was flat year-over-year, which we actually believe was quite strong, given in Q1 last year, we had the Winter Olympics. Public Relations had organic growth of 1.9%, and Specialty Communications was up 6.6%. On Slide 6, our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 52% U.S. and 48% international. In the United States, revenue increased $60 million or 3.8%. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, reduced revenue by about $5 million or 0.3% and organic growth was 4.1% or about $65 million. Again, the Chrysler loss had a disproportionate impact on the U.S. numbers given it was almost entirely a U.S. account. Excluding Chrysler, the U.S. had organic growth of 6.8%. International revenue increased $171.6 million or about 12.9%. FX increased revenue by $37 million or 2.8%. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $47 million, and organic growth was 6.6% or about $87 million. Internationally, in Asia, we had strong performances in China, Singapore, Australia and South Korea. And as I said before, Japan was negative. In Europe, we had good performances in the U.K., France, Russia, Poland and Spain. However, in the other so-called PIIG countries, Portugal, Ireland, Italy and Greece, they continued to be negative, although less negative than last year. And Latin America continues to perform well across the region.  Slide 7 shows our mix of business by industry. There were no significant changes in our mix of business in the quarter. And again, this quarter, we experienced positive growth across all of the industry segments that we serve. In the auto industry, while we had low single-digit growth overall, excluding Chrysler, it was up over 26%. In the financial services, technology, healthcare and pharma, food and beverage and consumer products segments led our growth this quarter, each having double-digit growth rates. Turning to Slide 8, cash flow. Our cash performance in the quarter was in line with our expectations. We generated approximately $160 million of free cash flow after CapEx and excluding changes in working capital. Our primary uses of cash during the quarter were dividends to our common shareholders, which totaled $58 million; dividends paid to our non-controlling interests shareholders of $25 million; acquisitions, including earn-out payments, and the purchase of additional interest in controlled subsidiaries, net of proceeds from the sale of investments of approximately $216 million; and share repurchases, net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our share plans and the related tax benefits, totaled approximately $302 million. Slide 9 shows our current capital structure. Including changes in working capital, our net debt position at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.7 billion, an increase of about $350 million over the last 12 months. That increase was driven predominantly by our stock repurchase activity, which has totaled $1.2 billion over the last 12 months. And our total debt was $3.2 billion, which was effectively unchanged from year end and up about $1 billion year-over-year due to the issuance of the 2020 bonds last August. Our leverage ratio or total debt-to-EBITDA ratio stands at 1.8x, and net debt-to-EBITDA is just under 1x. Our interest coverage ratio remained very strong at 11.9x. Our liquidity continues to be very strong as well. We finished the quarter with cash and undrawn committed credit facilities, totaling about $3.5 billion. We had additional uncommitted facilities available, totaling another $670 million.  And finally, on Slide 11, where all the numbers come together, both our return on invested capital and return on equity for the last 12 months increased to 15.7% and 23.3%, respectively, both reapproaching our 20-year averages. And with that, I'm going to now ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first on the line is Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a couple of questions. First, looking a bit closer to organic revenue growth in the U.S. in the quarter, is there any sort of unique trends as the quarter progressed that would suggest maybe a bit more of a moderation in the second quarter? And then if you could also touch on PR, and it seems a little bit light. What happened there?
John Wren: I believe, I mean, what happened in the first quarter without Chrysler there is very consistent on what we expected to happen, and I think what we signaled to the marketplace when we reported in February, that we were going to return to more normal comps, which is we’ll outperform GDP growth. And so we don't see any difficulties. We see the continuation of strong, moderate growth, I think.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's right. We explained in the fourth quarter, sort of that fourth quarter effect, why that drove organic growth exceptionally high in the fourth quarter. Again, excluding Chrysler, organic growth in the U.S. was pretty strong.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So basically, adjusting for the comps, you would expect sort of the growth rate to sort of continue like what we saw in Q1 into Q2. Is that fair?
John Wren: No. The only thing I'd caution you with this is that I still see a return to a more normal activity. So we should be able to outperform GDP by a couple of basis points, I mean -- a couple of a hundred basis points, please forgive me.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on public relations, anything there? It just seems a little bit lighter than I would've thought.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think there was anything unusual. It's not a huge number. It does bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then Germany, I think I might have missed Germany. I know it's a big market for you. How did you do there in the quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: Germany was lower this quarter than last quarter. I think it was more of a client-driven versus the economy driven.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then lastly, just jumping on to -- you highlighted obviously some one-time-ish charges associated with the closures and divestitures in the quarter. The severance that you pointed out, are those all associated with the divestitures? I mean, are they sort of one-time-ish or are there also some ongoing severance in that number?
Randall Weisenburger: Well, it's not all dispositions, as I tried to point out. We did a lot of consolidations, so we consolidated a number of locations. We're trying to centralize some back office services for some of our smaller operations. We consolidated locations within a country with agencies. So there was quite a bit of severance associated with those items as well. A lot of the severance was also in Europe, so it was, I'll say, fairly expensive per headcount.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of -- you usually you don't break out severance. It's sort of a one-time-ish. So would you say the majority of it is associated with the general restructuring efforts?
John Wren: Yes.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And just lastly, you mentioned, you did a great job, I think, giving us detail on sort of the issues in your client base surrounding these global crises we saw in the quarter. But you did mention that what you can't really tell though is, if there's going to be an impact in terms of pull back in spending by Japanese businesses spending rest in the world. I don't know if this is something you can quantify, but do you have any sort of ballpark sense of how much your business is sort of, could potentially fall into that category?
John Wren: We don't have a number. We can't even gauge it. I mean, there's a few Japanese clients, and we don't know how their production is really going to be affected as you get into the second quarter. I think I feel more comfortable as I look at it over the course of the year though. But by the end of the year, even if there's a quarterly shift somewhere, it should return to normal.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber - : Can you speak a little bit about what you're expecting over the second quarter trends over euro and then U.K., looks like in the first quarter U.K. was up a strong 9.1% and euro denominated markets up 2.1%. Are those trends continuing here in the second quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: The U.K. was strong all throughout last year as well. Most of the major European markets were fairly strong last year, and the smaller markets were fairly negative. What we expect this year, and it seemed to be the case in the first quarter, is that the negative markets are getting less negative and moving back to, I'll say, zero or probably by the end of the year, move back to sort of at least small single-digit organic growth. I would suspect the markets that have higher growth will moderate. It will move back towards GDP or a couple of hundred basis points above GDP growth rates.
Craig Huber - : And then also, can you help us from a modeling perspective, I mean your net acquisitions in the quarter, I guess added 1.4% to the revenues. Given that you haven't -- everything wasn't fully closed in the first quarter, and you've closed on some acquisitions since the first quarter, what should investors expect for acquisitions to add to revenues during the second quarter as a percentage of revenues?
John Wren: Net of divestitures?
Craig Huber - : Yes. Net basis, yes.
Randall Weisenburger: Timing is still a bit of an issue. A couple of the acquisitions that we did, Clemenger, in particular, was a larger acquisition, that got done in early February. The dispositions got done later in the quarter. Yes, we have one or two more dispositions, actually it might even be a couple of more than that, that we're hoping to occur in the second quarter, but that timing is far from certain.
Craig Huber - : So where would you ballpark then your -- the acquisitions would add to revenues here in the second quarter, 2% or so, or you're not sure?
Randall Weisenburger: I think it's probably going to be 1.5% to 2%.
Craig Huber - : Okay. And I also want to ask, this margin target, EBITDA margin target for full year 2012 of 13.5%, how much progress do you think you'll make this calendar year towards, I guess, roughly 140, 150 basis points improvement, do we got about a little bit over 1/3 of the way through towards the basis points?
John Wren: Well, we're endeavoring to improve the margins this year on the way to getting there next year. We've demonstrated a little bit of that in the first quarter. What we're doing is we're going through, as we said, in restructuring and repositioning things for growth. So I feel very comfortable with the 2012 forecast based upon everything that I see now. I don't want to necessarily get into a quarterly forecast of margin improvement while I'm still going through this process. So I'm not being very helpful, but you know that we're endeavoring to improve things along the way.
Randall Weisenburger: And the way the P&L works, Craig, as you know, is there's costs associated with getting some of those efficiencies. This quarter, there were large numbers so we broke them out. Generally, those are just ongoing costs. I'm sure we didn't capture all the costs this quarter. These were really the costs associated with these very specific, fairly large restructuring items. Every agency is going through initiatives to get its operations more efficient and streamlined. There's costs associated with that.
Craig Huber - : Is it safe to say then for, you expect like more progress towards the basis points improvement in 2012 than you expect here in 2011?
Randall Weisenburger: I think, yes.
Operator: And next, we move to William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about -- just elaborate a little more on organic revenue growth? Excluding Chrysler, do you expect Q2 organic growth to be similar to Q1?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, I think overall, it will be similar to Q1. Yes, these are pretty high organic growth rates, still relative to GDP. What we said last year is that organic growth over time is going to reconnect with GDP. We think we can outpace GDP by 100 to 200 basis points. It's sort of the timing of that reconnection. We thought last year, we stated in the fourth quarter, that we thought the U.S. organic growth rate would slow. As a result of that, we think the European organic growth rate will improve overall. And that's largely going to be the negative countries getting these or less negative or returning to positive as their comps line up. And some of the larger markets that had performed pretty well throughout last year, in all likelihood, their organic growth rates will slow. And I don't think 9% organic growth in the U.K. is probably going to occur at that level, given the current GDP growth rates for a year or two. But our agency is with strong individual performance can certainly prove us wrong, those are kind of macro predictions.
John Wren: Yes. The only thing I would add to it, Bill, is just two-words question and it's like, I'm happy with what Randy just said. One is the second quarter is the second-largest quarter we face in the year just because of the seasonality of the business, and the second thing is if there is a quarterly impact to disruption coming from some of the Japanese, especially the auto dealers and the like, in all likelihood, that's going to -- we're going to be affected in the second quarter there before we have an opportunity to recover over the course of the rest of the year.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Very helpful. On that topic, at this stage, have you seen any pullback from the U.S. auto companies from any Japanese supply chain disruption?
John Wren: I'm not doing it day-to-day. We have not seen it, but we've heard discussions around it, a lot of rhetoric. So I don't have any hard numbers yet to tell you.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And given how you account for organic growth, did dispositions have any impact on organic growth, positive or negative?
John Wren: It wouldn't have, no.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think so.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Do you think it was neutral?
Randall Weisenburger: I think it was probably neutral.
John Wren: Yes, it would have been neutral.
Operator: Our next question is from Meggan Friedman with William Blair & Company.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to ask a question on the impact of rising commodity prices. Can you talk about how clients are talking about marketing spending plans given these increases? Are the conversations changing as a result of this?
John Wren: It's a real pressure on a number of our clients, especially some packaged goods clients that we have. We're concerned about the things that they're concerned about in their business. But I think those issues have not resulted in any material changes to their marketing plans because I believe they're all focused very heavily on market share gains. So the two aren't 100% correlated, although there is a lot of conversation.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, great. Thanks. And then I actually just had one housekeeping question. Did you provide a new business wins number?
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think I did, but it was just under $1.1 billion.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Just want to talk about costs for a moment. Last year, you guys spoke a bit about, I think, catch-up, so to speak, in terms of underlying costs and probably on the salary and services side, in terms of either base salaries or payroll or insurance, and then real estate, all those items that sort of go up year-on-year regardless of what you're doing elsewhere in the business. So excluding the actions that you took this quarter, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of costs elsewhere in the business?
Randall Weisenburger: I think a lot of the -- there were a couple of things that we talked about last year in trying to manage costs. I think some of the areas of cost that we were able to manage in 2009, I think they came back in 2010, and I think those cost buckets were pretty full in 2010. I think we made quite a bit of progress in 2010 on real estate. I think we'll have a little bit more to go on that with some of the consolidations and the things that we're trying to execute on. I think as far as base compensation costs, I think that's one of the areas that our agencies have to focus heavily on this year to make sure that we put the flexibility back in our cost structures. That's certainly one of the tasks that we've given people to focus on.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: When you talk about the agencies being focused on it this year, to what extent does that involve getting some of your comp levels, particularly at media agencies trued up to competitive levels as of January 1?
Randall Weisenburger: I think we're probably in competitive levels now. I certainly don't believe we're under -- yes, I don't think our comp structures are under our competitors.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And just in terms of the actions that you're taking on the cost side, what are you -- how do you categorize them geographically split between the U.S. and international, particularly in Europe, and do you have an expectation as you go through this process for the payback period?
John Wren: I would think most of the activities are in the United States and developed Europe in terms of geographic locations. And I think the payback period we're looking for is throughout this year, but certainly, the largest payoff being 2012 where we see the margin improvement.
Randall Weisenburger: And depending upon the cost action, payback on the, I'll say, headcount side, salary side, is generally quite a bit faster in the United States than in Europe. Certainly, when you get into a real estate and operations, your payback's pretty comparable between one market and the other.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just finally, is the split geographically similar in terms of severance relative to the OMG?
Randall Weisenburger: No. Severance is much more heavily weighted towards Europe and the international markets.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I have a couple. I just wanted to clarify, when you guys have said GDP, you guys are going to grow 100 basis points, 200 basis points per GDP, that's nominal U.S., right? That's the benchmarks you're pointing to?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then I guess, we won't know until the quarter is all done for everyone, but would you think that if you adjust for Chrysler, 6.8% growth U.S., do you think that's going to be at the end of the first quarter, have a normal run rate for everyone in the quarter? Do you guys think you took share or lost share, have any sense of what the overall market’s looking like in the first quarter for the U.S.?
Randall Weisenburger: I don't have any sense of the number. I think our agencies performed pretty well. I think our new business activity over the last couple of quarters, which is what would really drive the organic growth rate this quarter. Current new business wins or losses, really, it affects it more three to six months down the road. I think our agencies have done fairly well. So I suspect we'll be in the mix with everyone else.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Question, the revenue question, people just were surprised by the downgrade from second -- from fourth quarter growth to first quarter. I know there were a lot of one-timers and project numbers and the comp rate was easy. But in terms of what you're looking at, your businesses were -- there were no change to the kind of projection -- your projection of your business versus what you looked at for the fourth quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: The fourth quarter organic growth as we explained in the fourth quarter was high because of the fourth quarter effect. I estimated it at roughly 3%. When we looked at the year end -- the fourth quarter revenue effect, there's -- and I've explained it to a lot of different people, there's a number of things that go into that. We think that number was about $100 million at the end of 2009, and we think it was about $200 million at the end of 2010. That $100 million of incremental growth in sort of that one category of revenue was really about 3% or so organic growth in the fourth quarter. That's not a long-term sort of trend issue, that's kind of a one-time “getting back to normal” effect.
John Wren: Yes, I mean and historically, the way the business has always been, and it's also true of our competitors, is classically the second -- the largest quarter is the fourth quarter. The next largest quarter is the second quarter, followed by the third quarter, followed by the first [ph] quarter. So that's the seasonality of the industry of the business. So there's nothing terribly unusual in doing -- in what happened in the first quarter as it compares to the fourth quarter.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. And then the other question, just last one would be, do you remember what first quarter severance was a year ago? What's kind of a normalized, and I guess nothing's normal, but what was the compare for severance last year for this quarter?
John Wren: I don't recall, but organic growth was just modestly positive last quarter. I think in 2010, we were just recovering. Sorry, I don't have the number in front of me.
Operator: Our next question is from John Janedis with UBS.
Randall Weisenburger: I'll follow-up on any numbers we don't have here.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Randy, the U.K. was pretty strong in the face of some macro headwinds. Were there any one-time projects or major wins there? And what are your clients and people on the ground telling you, and is the government a meaningful client?
Randall Weisenburger: No, we don't do a lot of government business. We have a little bit, probably everywhere, but it's not a meaningful number for us. The U.K. has been fairly strong for us throughout last year, certainly, stronger than just the economy. So the performance of our underlying agencies has been very good in that market. There's not a specific single item that I can find that's really driving the U.K. to an abnormal level. The items can get, I'll say, relatively small as we start focusing on individual countries, $3 million or something moves the needle a 100 basis points in the U.K.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just somewhat of a follow-up to Mike's question, you called out the severance. Can you help us maybe with a more normalized run rate going forward? And does EBITDA margin target that you've set for next year incorporate maybe all charges in the remeasurement gain, or is it exclusive of those items?
Randall Weisenburger: Next year's margin objective?
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Yes.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, next year's margin objectives was trying to get back to the 2007 levels. So it doesn't reference this year. Did I miss something?
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: I just wanted to make sure if it includes any kind of severance going forward. That's all in the number, right?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, absolutely.
John Wren: Yes.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: And then just in terms of severance, is it more normalized run rate on a quarterly basis more like 30-ish or...
Randall Weisenburger: No, probably more like 15.
Operator: Our next question is from James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just a couple of things. First, has your outlook for Eurozone growth changed at all over the past three months? I mean, there's been some chatter about how various underlying media businesses are doing there, so I was just curious on your take on it. And then a couple items on margin. I think you addressed dispositions’ impact on revenue is being -- organic revenue growth is being minimal. Any impact of dispositions on margin that you saw in the quarter? And then one other thing on margin, are you seeing any differences of note in incremental margins, either across your disciplines or across geographies?
Randall Weisenburger: See if I remember them all. For Europe, Europe's I guess playing out over the last few quarters, and this quarter, kind of as I expected. The larger markets recovered earlier, keeping in mind we have a fairly substantial base of multinational clients that are going to focus their resources on what they believe are important markets. So France, Germany, and the U.K. all did fairly well last year, and we think will continue. The smaller markets across Europe, they were hurt by their local economies and I'm sure are probably less of a focus for some of the multinational clients. We felt that those countries that were significantly negative would be, at a minimum, less negative. So they're going to have less of an impact or at least less of a negative impact. So with that reduction, our European growth would improve, basically, is what continue to happen this quarter. The larger markets performed fairly well, and I pointed out the PIGS markets, Spain is actually positive for us this quarter. The other markets were negative but they were less negative than they were last year. So the European growth rates, overall, improved. Trying to get to some of your other questions, you talked about margins by discipline. We've pointed out for a while the Media business, in general, has higher margins and some of our field marketing, shopper marketing businesses have lower margins, field marketing especially, but they have very good returns on equity. They have very little capital committed to those businesses, so they're, frankly, excellent businesses from a return perspective, but their overall EBIT margins are a bit lower. And a couple more, I probably forgot them.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Yes, there was just one. Any impact on margins from dispositions for quarter-to-quarter now?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes -- well the dispositions, most of them happen late in the quarter. Obviously, we're not trying to dispose of our higher margin businesses, so we do expect some benefit over time from selling those businesses. As far as going back to sort of Bill's question on dispositions with organic growth, the way we calculate organic growth, the revenues from the companies we disposed of would be in that base. To the extent those companies would've had flat growth, it wouldn't have affected us if they would have had negative growth, not having the business -- and we wouldn't have that negative revenue piece but the base is still in it. And we're talking a very small amount of revenue here, annualized revenue, about $120 million, is what's been disposed of to date. So I don't think you can have really much of an impact. If it does, it could be positive, 0.1 point to negative 0.1 point. It would be very, very minor, and the margins again, it will also be fairly minor. It could maybe move the number 0.1 or something.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: 0.1 on a consolidated basis?
Randall Weisenburger: Right, yes.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: And just one follow-up, you said your free cash flow looks like [ph] the results for the quarter were generally in line with your expectations. I notice they did drop year-over-year, so if you could give just a little color on that, I assume a lot of it had to do with the repositioning, but just also, your outlook for free cash flow growth for the full year as well?
Randall Weisenburger: Let's look at the slides. Yes, I think it's basically in the non-cash charges. I think our free cash will continue to perform in line with EBITDA. What I was focusing more on with that comment was the fact that we utilized more than our free cash in the quarter. We generally think that we're going to utilize our free cash for dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases for the quarter, is that we were going to outspend that, as we did this quarter. Acquisitions were fairly high because both the Communispace and Clemenger deals closed in the quarter, and we continue to repurchase shares. We bought, I think it was 6.8 million shares in the quarter, and that's really what I was focused on.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay. So you expect that to continue, the use of cash being a little higher than the generation?
Randall Weisenburger: Right. And our generation's going to continue to be in line with EBITDA.
Operator: And we'll go to Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'll chop it down to just one question than two. I heard a little bit in the marketplace and some of your competitors about a move towards performance-based pricing, particularly at the media agencies, and I was just interested to hear your take on that trend.
John Wren: I don't really know what you're hearing. There's conversations going -- there have been rumors from my competitors since 1988 on the subject, so I don't see any wholesale change in the way that the fundamentals are there. There’s traded [ph] digital kind of difference in traditional media, but I'm not quite certain of the source of your question.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that, maybe it's like the DSP type platforms, we call the trading desk, that's in effect a performance-based model, and certainly, there's increased focused on that versus last year, still a relatively small percentage of what the media companies are buying. Yes, I think that's probably it. People have been talking about performance fees and have experimented with performance fees for a number of years, but the percentage of our revenue that's the actual performance piece remains to be very small. Thank you all very much, and thanks for taking the time to listen to our call. Goodbye.
John Wren: Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Wren - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Craig Huber -  William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Meggan Friedman - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We’ve posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning and a little more. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and the other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. I've also been asked to remind you that during the course of this earnings call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials posted to our website.  We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John Wren: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call.  Before I talk about the quarter and some of our views about moving forward, I'd like to spend a few minutes to comment about 2010.  When I spoke to you a year ago at this time, we believed we were at the beginning of the end of the recession. Over the course of 2010, we've seen a steady increase in the number of clients around the world who are again investing in their own growth. At the same time, we also understood that the rapid pace of economic and technological change affecting our industry would require us to make continuous adjustment to our businesses, to improve our operations and our core structures, to push ourselves to innovate business models and product offerings, to continue to invest in our high-performing businesses and rapidly growing markets, to reorganize or close businesses that were not well positioned to recover from the recession or that no longer met our strategic plans; and more recently, to make several important acquisitions in key growth markets and disciplines.  Despite these challenges, we asked our agencies to get closer to their clients, deepen relationships, even in the absence of significant budgets, and to make the tough decisions quickly so that they could turn their attention to growth. We're happy to say that we believe our 2010 results demonstrate that we're making significant progress towards these goals. For this, I'd like to thank all of Omnicom's employees for their hard work and professionalism and our clients for their continued trust.  Now let me turn to our fourth quarter results. Overall, our fourth quarter results showed significant improvements over Q4 2009 and improved trends relative to previous quarters. In particular, I want to highlight a few of these things today.  First, organic growth in the fourth quarter was up 10%, this despite the loss of Chrysler in the first quarter of 2010, which lowered our organic growth by 1.5% for the quarter. The fourth quarter was the strongest of the year. Second, during the quarter, we've identified underperforming businesses and we started to dispose and/or reorganize some of these businesses. As Randy will discuss, we plan to take additional steps in the first half of 2011. We believe these actions will allow us to make steady progress towards our objective of improving our margins to 2007 levels by 2012. These changes will also allow us to focus greater management attention and resources on businesses well positioned for growth.  During the quarter, we completed and announced a number of acquisitions designed to help us build our footprint geographically and to add important skill sets where appropriate. The largest of these transactions was our acquisition of the controlling stake in Clemenger, which closed earlier this month. Clemenger is the largest in premier communications group in Australia and New Zealand. This acquisition will give us additional flexibility to truly leverage the skills, reputation and people of Clemenger to grow our combined businesses throughout the Asia Pacific region.  Fourth, following the announcement of our partnership with Google in the third quarter, we have completed additional partnerships with Microsoft and Yahoo!, which will be announced this week. We expect to complete several other strategic partnerships in the coming weeks. These partnerships are consistent with our philosophy of building internal competencies in digital marketing and media while partnering with the most innovative technology companies. We've also continued to invest in our people by expanding our digital education efforts to ensure continued training and development of every Omnicom employee. Our goal is to ensure that our employees are continuously improving their skills to keep pace with the technological changes affecting our business and to share the learnings of our agencies around the world.  I'd like to make a comment on our awards and our product this year, too. During 2010, Omnicom agencies again demonstrated their leadership across a wide range of creative categories and geographic markets. I want to highlight just three. Cannes. Omnicom agencies once again topped the rankings at the International Advertising Festival in Cannes, including Agency of the Year and the number one and two rankings for the most awarded agency networks.  Gunn Report. Omnicom agencies led the Gunn Report in 2010, finishing with three of the top five honors in both the most awarded network in the world and the most awarded digital agency in the world competition. And at Agency of the Year awards in Singapore, Omnicom agencies picked up the top honors in the Asia Pacific region, including the three network of the year titles for Creative Agency of the Year, DDB; Digital Agency Network of the Year, Tribal DDB; and Media Agency Network of the Year, PHD. I'm very proud of these awards and the efforts that we've made in Asia over the last several years. And I might add that these awards are only representative of an outstanding job of all our agencies and what they continue to perform and do for our clients. Turning back to our revenue growth, which Randy will cover in detail, I have a few additional comments. In the U.S., fourth quarter organic growth was 12.7%, which exceeded our internal forecast. Looking forward, our outlook remains positive but cautious. The midterm elections have signaled the renewed focus on fiscal restraint and a reduction in the level of anti-business rhetoric from Washington.  On the other hand, unemployment and housing still represents a drag on potential growth. At this point, we expect growth in 2011 to return to normal levels. We should be able to outpace GDP growth by 100 to 200 basis points, with the caveat, and I might add, that we still have one more quarter of year-over-year comps on the Chrysler business. Outside of the United States, we're also seeing a generally improving picture. In 2010, we experienced significant double-digits top line organic growth in Asia. In South America, we continue to see strong positive results, and we're also pleased to see the continuation of a turnaround across Europe. Turning to disciplines. Our business growth is also broad-based across every discipline; advertising, public relations, CRM and specialty; and across a spectrum of industries we serve, we saw improved growth against trend. In new business, our organic growth continues to be driven by determined focus on client service and delivering value to our clients. For the quarter, we generated in excess of $2.1 billion in new business. We continue to see a robust pipeline as our clients and prospective clients reignite efforts to invest money as we move into 2011. On margins, our results are slightly better than the fourth quarter of 2009 and in line with what we expected. As I mentioned in the previous quarter, our goal is to restore margins by 2012 to our 2007 levels, and we expect to achieve progress towards this goal during 2011 as we execute our strategic initiatives. Let me finally turn to our balance sheet and free cash flow for a moment. As you know, we believe a strong balance sheet gives us tremendous flexibility to deploy capital in the most effective ways. We also continue to demonstrate the cash flow strength of our businesses, with over $1 billion in free cash flow generated in 2010.  Given our balance sheet's strength and free cash flow, we regularly review our capital deployment policies with the Board of Directors, and we'll continue to drive return on equity by using our free cash flow to pay dividends, make acquisitions and repurchase our shares.  Dividends. Many of you have probably seen the Board of Directors authorized a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend last evening. Share buybacks in October, the board authorized us to resume share repurchases. As Randy will explain, we began to purchase shares in the back end of the fourth quarter, and we plan to continue share buybacks in 2011. Taken together through share buybacks and dividends, we returned over $1.3 billion to shareholders in 2010. Lastly, in addition to the acquisition of Clemenger, we completed several smaller but important acquisitions during the fourth quarter, as described in our presentation. And since year end, we have closed several other acquisitions in important developing markets and social media.  Overall, we're pleased with the performance of our business in 2010. As we look into 2011 and beyond, we feel confident in how we are positioned. While we recognize the continued risk to the economy, we're excited about the growth prospects we see around the globe, and we believe we have the right platform in place to harness that growth.  Our strategy remains in place. We will continue to build our digital skill sets, both inside existing agencies and with new partnerships and acquisitions. We'll also continue to look for strongly managed organizations that will help us expand our presence in rapidly growing markets. And as always, we are working to retain, recruit and train our talented management teams and professionals around the world. I'll now turn the call back to Randy, who'll take you through the numbers in more detail. And then we'll both be available for questions.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, John. I'm pleased to say that the fourth quarter was a great finish to a solid recovery year. Again, this quarter, the world could be described as having three speeds. But this quarter, they were all moving forward.  In the quarter, we experienced year-over-year growth in each of our marketing disciplines and in every industry group to which we provide services. On a sequential or quarter-to-quarter basis, we also experienced improvement in every geographical market we operate in. Even the markets with negative growth were less negative.  Financially, we continue to focus on cash flow generation and return on capital. In 2010, we again demonstrated strong performance on these metrics, which I'll cover in more detail later. The overall revenue result for the quarter exceeded our expectations with total year-over-year growth of just under 10%, bringing revenue for the quarter to $3.6 billion.  EBITDA increased almost 11% to $460 million, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 12.8%. That was up about 10 basis points from last year. EBITDA for the full year was $1.53 billion, and our margin was in line with our expectations coming into the year at 12.2%, which was flat with last year. And our operating income, or EBIT, increased 10% to $439.6 million, also resulting in a margin improvement of about 10 basis points. Net interest expense for the quarter was $32.1 million, up $3.5 million from Q4 last year and up about $2.3 million from Q3 2010. The increase versus the third quarter was primarily reflective of this being the first full quarter of interest on the $1 billion of 10-year senior notes we issued midway through the third quarter and increased stock repurchases in Q4, partially offset by the positive effect of the interest rate swap we entered into in Q3 on our 2016 senior notes as well as lower borrowing under our revolving credit facilities and improvements in our working capital management efforts.  On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was 34.2%, bringing the full year rate up to 34.1%, which was up slightly from last year. We do expect there to be some upward pressure on tax rates with law changes in several states and various international markets. As a result, we currently expect to see our reported tax rate increase 20 to 30 basis points in 2011. Net income for the quarter increased 7.4% to $246.5 million, and our diluted earnings per share increased 13.7% to $0.83 a share. The diluted share count for the quarter was 295.7 million shares.  Looking into our revenue performance in more detail. With regards to FX, on a year-over-year basis, the dollar experienced mixed results versus our major currencies. Strengthening against the euro and the pound and weakening versus the yen, the real and the Canadian and Australian dollars, the net result was a negative FX impact for the quarter of $41.9 million, or about 1.3%. Looking ahead, the breaks stay where they are. We expect FX to be positive about 0.5% in Q1 and a little more than 1% for the full year.  Revenue growth from acquisitions, net of dispositions, increased revenue by $37.5 million in the quarter, or about 1.1%. This was due primarily to the acquisition of a controlling interest in ImpactBBDO in the Middle East at the end of 2009. We did complete eight small acquisitions during the fourth quarter. And in January, we closed the acquisition of Communispace. Also, in early February, we completed the acquisition of additional 27% interest in our long-time affiliate in Australia and New Zealand, the Clemenger Group, bringing our ownership up to about 75%. As a result of this acquisition, under U.S. GAAP guidelines, we expect to record a remeasurement gain on our historic investment in Q1 of approximately $120 million. Also in Q4, we completed the sale of two small agencies in an ongoing strategic review of our businesses. We also expect to complete several additional divestitures and dispositions in 2011 beginning in the first quarter. The agencies that are currently under consideration for disposal have revenue of about $300 million, which is approximately equal to the revenue of our businesses that we've recently acquired.  In addition to these strategic reviews, we've initiated a number of actions to gain further operating efficiencies, including the consolidation of agency operations in several smaller markets, the establishment of several shared service centers to increase the centralization of IT and other operating function and a number of real estate consolidation. As a result of these actions, we expect to record severance, real estate and other charges in Q1 of between $90 million and $110 million. With regard to organic growth, we had a very strong quarter. As we previously mentioned, we saw growth across every industry sector that we serve and improvements quarter-to-quarter in every geographic market. Driven by the combination of new business wins, the improving economic environment and an increase in year-end project revenue, organic revenue in the quarter grew by 10%, or $325 million. As we've noted over the last few quarters, the above gross figures include the effect of the loss of the Chrysler account in the first quarter of 2010. That loss had a negative impact on our global organic growth in the quarter of about 1.5% and our U.S. organic growth of approximately 3%. Turning to our mix of business. Brand advertising accounted for 47% of our revenue, and Marketing Services, 53%. As with their respective growth rates, brand advertising had organic growth of 10.9% and Marketing Services was up 9.2%. Within the Marketing Services category, CRM had 8.3% organic growth. Within the sector of our Field Marketing, Branding and Events businesses, all had outstanding performances, each with double-digit growth. Public Relations had organic growth of just over 7%, and Specialty Communications was up 15%, with almost every agency in the sector having solid growth. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 51% U.S. and 49% international.  In the United States, revenue increased $206 million, or 12.6%. Acquisitions, net of dispositions, reduced revenue by about $1.2 million, or about 0.1%. And organic growth was exceptionally strong at 12.7%, or about $207 million. This was obviously a great quarter that benefited from strong new business wins, new initiatives in the digital area and some pent-up spending. International revenue increased $114.9 million, or about 7%. FX decreased revenue $41.9 million, or about 2.6%. Acquisitions, net of disposition, increased revenue by $38.7 million, and organic growth was 7.2%, or $118 million.  Internationally, we had for strong performances in China, India, Singapore and Russia. In developed Asia, South Korea had another positive quarter, while Japan was negative. And with the exception of the Netherlands, Greece, Ireland and Spain, most markets across Western Europe performed well, while results in Eastern Europe continued to be mixed but generally improving. Looking at our revenue by industry, food and beverage continues to be our largest sector, representing 16% of our revenue in both 2010 and 2009. Our fastest-growing sectors for the quarter and for the year was technology, followed by financial services and then consumer products and pharma and healthcare.  Although the percentage of revenue from the auto sector decreased 10% in 2010, excluding the effects of the loss of Chrysler, we experienced double-digit organic growth in the auto sector for the year. And reflective of the breadth of the recovery, all of our industry sectors experienced positive organic growth, both in the quarter and the full year.  Turning to cash flow. For the year, our performance continued to be very strong. We generated approximately $1 billion of free cash flow after CapEx and excluding changes in working capital, which was also positive another $310 million.  Our primary uses of cash during the year were dividends to our common shareholders, which totaled $229.7 million. Dividends paid to our non-controlling interest shareholders was $81 million. Acquisitions, including earnout payments and the purchase of additional interest in controlled subsidiaries, net of the proceeds of the sale of investments was approximately $172 million. And share repurchases net of the proceeds received from stock issuances under our share plans and the related tax benefits totaled approximately $1.13 billion. In total, between common dividends and net share repurchases, we returned approximately $1.4 billion to shareholders in 2010, bringing net use of cash excluding working capital of $587 million. The next chart, showing our current credit picture, including changes in working capital, shows that our net debt at year end was $900 million. That was a year-over-year increase of $237 million, which was largely driven by an increased share of repurchase activity during the year, offset by further improvements in working capital management. Our current liquidity continues to be very strong. We finished the quarter with cash and undrawn committed credit facilities totaling $4.3 billion, and we had additional uncommitted facilities available totaling $610 million. As you know, in December, we extended our credit facility for three years and reduced the capacity from $2.5 billion to $2 billion. Previously used the credit facility for both liquidity purposes and to backstop our convertible notes, which at their peaks were over $2 billion. Since we've reduced the balance of convertible notes to only $660 million, we didn't need the additional credit capacity. And finally, to sum up our financial performance for the year, we've included a schedule of our return on equity and return on invested capital. Overall, we think ROIC and ROE as performance measures collectively show the balance of all of our various metrics that we used to gauge our performance: revenue growth, operating margins, capital deployment, capital structure and tax structure. They also highlight the effectiveness of our long-term investment and operating strategies for shareholders. For the year, return on invested capital was 16.8%, close to our historic 10-year average of 17.1%. And our return on equity for the year increased to 21.3%, reapproaching our 10-year average of $0.225.  Overall, we believe our agencies have done an excellent job of navigating through the economic turbulence that we've experienced over the past two years, at the same time maintaining their focus on the quality of their services, adapting to changes in technology, expanding their presence in the emerging markets and controlling their cost.  And with that, I'm now going to ask our Operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have our first question from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on the improvements that we saw in the European markets in the quarter. And more specifically, I guess did one country really stand out? And did you see sort of improved momentum in that region as the quarter progressed or into the first quarter of this year?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, the larger markets other than Spain performed pretty well. And we basically started getting less negative results across all of the regions that had sort of been negative throughout the year. So over the course of the year, the regions improved organically each quarter. This quarter, I think the standouts was probably just less negative in the negative regions. The U.K., Germany, France have been fairly steady throughout the year, pretty strong in a decent single-digit organic growth.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And that improvement continued into early this year?
Randall Weisenburger: I don't really have any numbers for early this year.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But no sense that, that -- I mean, you've seen how the quarter has progressed, and there's no sense of any sort of choppiness or disruption? I mean it's sort of been a very steady improvement is what you're seeing?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, I think that's right.
John Wren: Yes.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on the Auto sector, am I right to assume that you circle the Chrysler loss sometime in February, and then, still staying on that sector, the Chevy business. Is it coming on board?
John Wren: The Chevy business is coming on board. The Chrysler business, it ended sometime in March. There's a little -- I think the official contract date, you're correct, was the end of February, but there's always work to clean up. I think for the quarter, the headwind is about $50 million.
Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then just last question, your acquisition activity picked up. You talked about it on the call with some other pieces in the first quarter. Do you find the pipeline a bit more robust? Or are you just prioritizing use of cash differently? I guess, should we expect this to continue?
John Wren: Yes. We certainly have some companies and areas targeted, and we're having conversations with them. They're principally in two areas. They're in developing markets, the Colombias, the Turkeys of the world, in addition to a few additional specialty acquisitions in areas in China. So there's a few things that we've been in discussion -- companies we've been in discussion with for a long time that we're progressing those conversations as we speak.
Operator: We do have our next question from the line of Meggan Friedman with William Blair & Company.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Wanted to ask a question about margin expansion. Can you talk about some of the underlying assumptions for your 2012 margin target? For example, for revenue growth? And how important is selling assets or making dispositions in order to achieve that target?
John Wren: In terms of our reorganization and disposition of some assets, that has more to do with our evaluation of those companies within our portfolio that we've determined aren't core and won't contribute to our growth 24, 36 months from now and beyond. So we've gone through the portfolio, and we're coming up with a strategy to reorganize and/or to dispose of those. None of them will be material from what we've planned at this point. In terms of the overall margins, we restored our incentive compensation levels, really in 2010, to what they've historically should be after coming through some two difficult years. And we'll make steady progress during the year in terms of margin improvement, getting, hopefully, to the levels we set by 2012. I wouldn't expect us to magically achieve that, because we are going through this evaluation process and getting leaner in the first half of this year. You want to add something, Randy?
Randall Weisenburger: There's a number of initiatives other than the strategic review of the portfolio companies that we're going through as well, some real estate consolidations, some back-office consolidations. I think all of those efficiencies will help us get there as well. Yes, I think that's probably about it. We're pretty confident that we're going to be able to get there by 2012.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then a follow-up on the question on acquisitions. Can you share any financial parameters that you would require from a prospective target?
Randall Weisenburger: I'm not quite sure what you mean by financial parameters. I mean, we're looking for businesses that have solid management teams, businesses and management teams that we want to partner with on a long-term basis; companies that are dedicated to providing the quality and types of services that all of our companies are committed to; companies that want to work as part of the Omnicom family of companies in a coordinated fashion around our clients. And then strategically, we're looking, as John pointed out, to advance our footprint in some of the higher-growth emerging markets and to advance our technical capabilities around some of the new, I'll say, some of the new marketing technologies.
Meggan Friedman - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: In terms of financial parameters, asking in terms of size of business, also to test the immediately accretive.
Randall Weisenburger: I think all of our acquisitions are accretive. Size parameters, we want companies that have the potential of being substantial businesses in their markets. Obviously, if you're looking at some of the smaller markets or emerging markets around the world, the size parameters today may be certainly smaller than the company is going to need to be to be an important player in, say, the United States.
John Wren: I mean, I don't foresee acquisitions at the moment with revenues in excess of $100 million. If you wanted to book parameters, then it's probably a lot less than that given the markets that we're talking about.
Randall Weisenburger: And if you're looking at a company, say, in Vietnam, if it's a $5 million agency, it would be a very substantial agency. If you're looking at the United States, a $5 million agency is not necessarily a substantial agency.
Operator: We have our next question from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two questions. First, just a detailed one on CapEx, which is up a little bit in the quarter and trying to see if there were onetime elements there or if you expect to have a slightly elevated level from where you were in 2010. And then the second question, commodity prices are obviously moving up fairly consistently lately, and some of your larger clients are fairly sensitive there. At the same time in those businesses, there seems to be some pretty competitive share battles. And so just as a maybe a broad comment on what you're hearing from your clients as they look out and sort of read that tea leaves for 2011 with regards to that dynamic.
John Wren: Certainly, commodity prices are affecting our clients. And we expect that that's a struggle that they'll face as we go through 2011. And we're empathetic to that. And you're correct. In many of the areas that are experiencing that, they're also facing fierce competition per share. So that's where we really come in.
Randall Weisenburger: As far as CapEx goes, the primary driver of CapEx for us is really office relocations and expansions. I certainly think in 2009, the numbers were low, with more consolidations and expansions and very few relocations. I think that was probably below a norm, so I think it'll increase from those levels. It did a little bit in 2010. It likely will increase a little bit in 2011. We're also constantly adjusting our mix of capital leases or operating leases and CapEx. That's really a matter of the financing markets. We're trying to get the best utilization of capital, and that mix moves back and forth a little bit year-to-year.
Operator: We do have our next question from the line of William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: John, I think you mentioned in your comments that you expected revenue growth to return to kind of a normalized plus-100 to -200 bps versus GDP. I just want to understand, is this based on what you're seeing in client plans, or is this more a function of history of the company where you think things will ultimately normalize?
John Wren: I think it's the latter as opposed to any specific client bottom-up build. 2010 was a great year. We don't have a full analysis yet as to the strength in the fourth quarter as to whether some of it was due to comps or some of it was due to budget, clients with budgets and wanting to spend the money to maybe increase their market share or increase performance. So at this point, we think it's -- until we see evidence to the contrary, we really fully expect to go back to what we could expect normally from a historic point of view, which is really to outperform GDP by 100, 200 basis points.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And I think you also mentioned the buybacks took place later in the quarter. I was wondering what the diluted shares were at year end.
Randall Weisenburger: I think about 290, 291 million shares.
William Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And just finally, I was wondering what you expect amortization to be in 2011.
Randall Weisenburger: Based upon the acquisitions done, I'll say to date, which includes Clemenger, I think it will be up about $20 million.
Operator: We have our next question from the line of Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber - : My first question, I think you said you had $2.1 billion in net new billings wins in the quarter. If that's true, can you elaborate, just some specifics behind that, please?
Randall Weisenburger: One of our major wins in the quarter was GSK.
John Wren: GSK. Let's see. We had a major win in J&J with the baby products, Bristol-Myers Squibb, GSK, as Randy said; The Gap, BMW, Pfizer. Pardon?
Randall Weisenburger: Additional Chevy.
John Wren: Yes, additional Chevy business, just to mention a few. But those were the bigger ones.
Craig Huber - : And that is generally about double the $1 billion general goal is each quarter. Was that a function of how your ad agencies perform in the quarter? Or is it also a function of just more step-up for review out there as there are more things you could potentially win?
John Wren: Well, I think it's both. There were quite a number of accounts in review. We were successful in winning our good fair share of it. And the amount of business that's available to win is driven principally by the clients. They have to put their business into review for it to occur. So we're a victim of the marketplace. We continue to see new business activity at normal historic levels as we go into the first quarter. There's a couple of important accounts floating out there, and we expect more will be put into review as we go through the year.
Randall Weisenburger: With every quarter, keep in mind, there's a large number of sort of the three yards and a cloud of dust sort of wins. That gets us in that, hopefully in that $700 million, $800 million range. And then it's a matter of do you win a few big account that come up and, hopefully, not lose any big accounts that come up? If you're successful on the win side, you're going to get north of that $1 billion. If you get a couple of big wins, you can get high, like this quarter. Unfortunately, if you get a big loss, you're going to be slightly negative. This quarter was a good quarter.
Craig Huber - : And then also you mentioned, you're looking to potentially do about $300 million of revenues to divest here throughout 2011 is your current plan. I'm curious what's the margin differential between the divestitures you're planning here versus the acquisitions that you've announced so far? Just a rough number between the two?
John Wren: I haven't sat and done that calculation.
Randall Weisenburger: Obviously, the companies that are in strategic review, let's put it that way, as opposed to planned divestitures, the companies that we're looking at and evaluating, they have lower margins. The companies that we've just completed the acquisitions of are very solid, very solid companies with margins at our, I'll say, at our average, maybe a little bit above our average. Above Omnicom's average. That could be a good gap between the two of them.
Craig Huber - : And then my last question, I totally understand why you're staying cautiously optimistic as you're looking out for your revenue growth here for 2011, given what's going on here in the economy on a global basis. However, as you know, you've dramatically stepped up your acquisition. I think you said you had eight of them and into the fourth quarter, you're doing some more small acquisitions here in the current quarter. You bought back roughly $550 million of stock on a net basis in the fourth quarter. I mean, that tells me that underlying, though, you must be seeing something that you're feeling pretty good about to spend that kind of money, capital right now. True?
John Wren: We feel confident about our plans and our platform. The acquisitions we're making are, we believe, very logical, sensible extensions of our business in the areas and markets that our clients are growing in and we need to get better representation. And we're always looking to improve our skill set, doing a buy versus build analysis on most new things that are emerging. And in a few cases, we've made the determination that it's better to buy. But we're not on a spree, by any standard. What we're doing is expanding in the emerging, developing markets really the next '11 and also backing up some of the success we've had in the BRIC markets.
Randall Weisenburger: You also have to keep in mind acquisitions take time. They take time to identify, to do the due diligence, to integrate. Over the last couple of years, our management teams have been pretty busy, focused on their own businesses as well. It's also acquisitions don't come in sort of a smooth steady stream. They come when they come, and we do acquisitions when they're right to be done, when the due diligence has been completed and when people are confident about the integration. So we're always looking for quality companies. That's never really been any difference. It's been a matter of management time being able to dedicate to identifying and completing the due diligence and integrating those companies and the challenges that they've been faced in their own businesses and making sure that they've got their own cost structures and teams properly aligned.
Craig Huber - : Then lastly, Randy, can you just break out for us what the salary and service cost line was in the quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: This quarter, I did make sure that was included in the presentation.
Craig Huber - : I missed it.
Randall Weisenburger: So let's see. It was $2.6877 billion -- $2.687.7 billion.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just two questions. I guess, just following about something John said about incentive compensation returning to more normal levels in 2010. Just how much was that incentive compensation for the full year? And is your expectation that it will stay in that same range or at least the same percentage of revenue in 2011? Then following up on the comments that Randy made on the shutdown costs and other costs you're going to be incurring. Is it fair to expect that we'll see more margin expansion in the back half of 2011 than in the front half just because of the impact of those costs on your overall expense?
John Wren: Year-over-year, I think discretionary incentives are up about $100 million in 2010 over the prior year.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's right. And frankly, if I had my preference, I'd like to see our incentive compensation increase as a percentage of revenue and increase as a percentage of our salary, basically continuously change that mix. The more that's in incentive, the more flexibility that we have. Let's see. Your second question was margin over the course of the year. I think that's probably right. It's going to take time to get those cost structures right. I think in the first half, we may well see some noise. We're going to have -- it's going be hard to figure out quite the timing, but we're going to have these charges that's going to be in the first and the second quarter. I think hopefully, most of that is going to be able to be executed in the first quarter. But it hasn't been completed yet, so I'm not 100% sure of that.
James Dix - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just so I understand on the incentive. So you're saying that was around $100 million higher for the year than, I guess, what, the roughly $380 million that it was last year? I may be remembering wrong, but I just want to make sure that I'm getting the right figure there.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't have that total off the top of my head. I do know that it was up about $100 million in 2010 versus 2009.
Operator: We'll take our final question from the line of Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: I have two quick questions. One is on China and emerging markets. One of your peers has reported thus far, and their China number was, I would say, good but not great. Do you have, in general terms, what your China revenue was? Going to be up double-digits, for example? And if so, because I know you've done well there this past year, would you say you're gaining share and you have good momentum in China? And would that apply in other emerging markets as well? That's the first question. The second question is looking at your cash flows again, it looks like you had a negative $587 million i.e., use of $587 million of cash after -- I'm saying this wrong. You used $587 million beyond the net free cash flow that you generate. Typically, that number would be about zero, I guess. You would use the free cash flow that you generate. Should we interpret this as meaning that you've spent roughly half, let's say, of the $1 billion bond that you raised? And if so, should we expect another $500 million or so of share buybacks to come in the next year?
Randall Weisenburger: Two things. The $587 million excludes working capital. With working capital, it was $237 million. So, one level, yes, we utilized some of the -- as we said before, we've de-levered the company in 2009. We said over time, we would likely put that leverage back between acquisitions and share repurchases, so we certainly did some of that in 2010. It was a very solid year from a cash perspective. I think our company has done an excellent job on working capital management, so I think it was pretty good. As far as your China question goes, we had an excellent year in China, up very strong double-digits. So north of 20%, north of 30% organic growth in China. So yes, we're very happy with our performance. That was for the year end. Frankly, the fourth quarter was equally strong for us. And our agencies, we've made a lot of progress in Asia, both from a growth perspective and quality perspective. John pointed out in some of his comments about awards, our Asian agencies pretty much dominated the creative awards and the media awards in Asia this year.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Research: Back on the cash question, then. Is it maybe just fair to assume that you are still willing, if I could phrase it another way, still willing to spend beyond the net free cash flow that you generate on share buybacks?
Randall Weisenburger: That's ultimately a board decision. We meet with the board quite regularly about capital deployment. I certainly think through the first quarter, we've got approval to continue to buy in shares with the closing of the Clemenger acquisition and the repurchase program. By definition, that means we're going to spend more of our cash than we're going to generate in the first quarter. Obviously, that decision can be balanced quarter by quarter as we go through the year. But right now, I would expect that we will, between dividend, share repurchase and acquisitions, spend more than our free cash flow this year.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call. We'll talk to you soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger – EVP and CFO John Wren – President and CEO
Analysts: John Janedis – Wells Fargo Securities Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer & Co. Alexia Quadrani – JPMorgan James Dix – Wedbush Craig Huber – Access 342 Tim Nolen (ph) – Macquarie Meggan Friedman – William Blair Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to now introduce you to today’s conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks Sean. Good morning and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2010 earnings call. We hope everyone’s had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we are going to present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and it will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that’s included on page one of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren, and then following John’s remarks, I will review the financial performance for the quarter in a little more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions at the end. 
John Wren:  Good morning. Thank you for joining our call this morning. We are very happy to announce positive year-over-year growth for the first quarter. Overall revenue increased 6.3% to $2.92 billion. This includes organic revenue growth of 2.1%, which exceeded our expectations for the quarter.  As we discussed in our last call, the general business environment continues to stabilize and improve. And as we look across, as we look at individual countries and regions, we are cautiously optimistic about continued global recovery, although we expect significant variation by region. Turning to our performance, revenue growth was driven by a number of factors, including cycling on some easier year-over-year comps for some of our businesses. First, we are starting to see a rebound in some of the hardest hit areas from the downturn. Areas such as CRM and PR showed fairly strong organic growth as did our media business. Recruiting continues to be one area of note that has not yet rebounded and Randy will take you some of the specifics in a few minutes when he gets back on the call. Geographically, we saw a continued strong growth in developing markets, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and South America. We are also pleasantly surprised by the US growth where organic growth was 5.1% in the quarter. This leaves Europe where performance remains weak and the outlook is still somewhat unclear. On the cost front, we continued to keep a close eye on costs and have asked our agencies to remain mindful of the potential risk to the economy, especially in some of our European markets where it’s expensive to adjust staffing levels. Our other real estate and operating costs will take a little longer to fully absorb but barring any downturns in the economy, we expect some of these pressures begin to ease as we get in the second half of the year. At the same time, our agencies are now increasingly focused on taking advantage of growth opportunities, both through new business efforts as well as growing our existing client accounts. Many of our agencies have adjusted their offerings to respond to the difficult environment, economic environment, and are now more and more flexible and better able to serve the diverse needs of their clients. Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the year, last year, we said that in 2010, we intended to use our strong balance sheet to increase our dividend, buyback stocks, and make strategic acquisitions. And as you all know, we increased our dividend by 33% in February and also completed $250 million in stock buybacks during the quarter.  Finally, our business is built on the strength of our management teams and the talented professionals around the world. They have worked extremely hard to help us navigate through last year and I am confident that we are positioned well for the coming year and beyond. I will now turn this back to Randy, and then we will take your questions afterwards.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks John. The short summary is the first quarter was a very positive start to the New Year. And while results varied somewhat by business type and geography, which I will cover in a more detail later, on the whole our businesses experienced solid sequential improvement from the fourth quarter and performed ahead of our expectation. Versus the first quarter of 2009, the year-over-year revenue increased 6.3% to $2.92 billion. Operating income increased 3% to $291 million. That resulted in an operating income or EBIT margin of about 10%, down 30 basis points versus last year, and an EBITDA margin of 12.1%, down about 20 basis points from last year, which was a little bit ahead of the negative 30 basis points that we had expected. Net interest expense for the quarter was $24.1 million. That was up $2.7 million from last year and down about $4.5 million from Q4. The increase versus Q1 2009 was a result of our issuance of $500 million of ten year senior notes last July, which in effect traded lower cost floating rate debt or higher cost longer-term fixed rate debt. That increase was offset in part by lower borrowing levels as we delevered the balance sheet over the course of last year. Versus the fourth quarter, the decrease was primarily due to reduced borrowing levels. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was about 34%, which was basically unchanged from Q1 of last year. Net income from the quarter declined seven-tenths of 1% to a $163.4 million and diluted earnings per share in the quarter declined $0.01 or 1.9% to $0.52 per share. The diluted share count for the quarter was about 311 million shares. Analyzing our revenue performance, while in the current FX, while in the current period, the US dollar strengthened versus most major currencies. On a year-over-year basis, the dollar was weaker, resulting in a positive FX impact for the quarter of a $117 million or about 4.3%. Assuming FX rates remain at their current levels, FX should continue to have a positive impact of around 1% in Q2, and then turn negative about 1% in Q3, and then a negative 2.5% in Q4. Overall for the year, at current rates, FX will be about flat for the year. Revenue growth from acquisitions net of dispositions, reduced revenue by $3.8 million in the quarter or about one-tenth of 1%, was largely due to the divestiture of our directory advertising business in Q2 of last year, partially offset by the acquisition of a majority stake and impact BBDO in the Middle East at the end of Q4. Organic growth; with the backdrop of easier of year-over-year comparisons and continuing sequential improvement in revenue growth, organic revenue increased $60.2 million or about 2.1% in the quarter. A few areas worthy of note, our recruitment and marketing business, while stabilizing quarter-to-quarter has not yet cycled on easier comparisons and as a result was again down over 30% for the quarter when measured year-on-year. Our events in sports marketing business did turn the quarter with significant increased activity in both the financial services and technology sectors, as well as activity around the Winter Olympics. And so while these businesses didn’t fully cycle on last year’s revenue drop, they still turned in 20% plus positive organic growth in the quarter. Our media businesses also had a very strong quarter. While it was one of our better areas last year, it turned in at an even better performance this year, driven in part by a few specific clients and a few projects. And field marketing was also quite strong with high single-digit organic growth overall and very strong growth in China. By industry, auto remained the toughest sector, while improving quarter-on-quarter this sector doesn’t cycle on last year’s significant changes until the second quarter. All other significant industry segments were positive for the quarter, which is a good sign. Revenue mix; as far mix of business, brand advertising accounted for 44% of our revenue and marketing services 56%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising increased 5.6% in the quarter with a slight decrease in organic revenue of 0.3% or about $3 million.  Marketing services increased 6.9% in total with organic growth of 4.2% or about $63 million. Within marketing services, CRM was up 8.6% with organic growth of 4.3%. Within the sector of couple businesses they had a better than expected quarter particularly our events and sports marketing business which I mentioned were up over 20%. As John mentioned, public relations was up 5.9% in the quarter with organic growth of 2.4% and specialty communications was up 1.2% with organic growth of a positive 5.4%. Remember this area was affected by the sale of our directory business last year. Within this sector, healthcare is the largest area. They continued to have a solid performance and the other large area in the sector is recruitment and marketing which I mentioned doesn’t cycle on easier comps until later in the year. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 54.5% US and 45.5% international. In the United States, revenue increased $60.5 million or about 3.9%, dispositions net of acquisitions reduced revenue by $17 million or 1.2%, and organic growth was very strong at 5.1%, adding about $78 million to revenue.  International revenue increased $113 million or 9.3%, FX added a $117 million or 9.6%, acquisitions were $13.5 million, adding about 1.1%, and organic growth was negative 1.4%. Internationally, we had relatively strong performances in India, China, Singapore, Australia, the Middle East, and Africa. In developed Asia, Korea showed positive growth for the second consecutive quarter and Japan turned in positive growth for the first time in several quarters. Results in Eastern and Western Europe were mixed with flat performance in the UK, France and Italy, strong positive results in Russia, and then below average results in Germany, Spain, Portugal and Finland. Moving to cash flow, our operating cash flow for the quarter excluding working capital remained very strong and our working capital performance continued to be very good. As everyone knows, our primary sources of cash are net income, plus stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, those items totaled $245 million for the quarter, and then our primary uses of cash were dividends which totaled $47 million, capital expenditure which totaled $25 million, acquisitions including earn-out payments totaled $19.6 million, and as John mentioned, we resumed our share repurchase efforts, repurchase totaling about $250 million in the quarter. Our current credit picture, as this chart shows including changes in working capital, on a year-over-year, net debt position improved by a $1 billion to $1.3 billion. And as a result of the reduction in our outstanding debt balances, our leverage ratio or total debt to EBITDA ratio improved to 1.4 times. And our interest coverage ratio remained very strong at 13 times. And finally from the liquidity perspective, we finished the quarter in a strong position with cash and undrawn committed credit facilities totaling about $3.4 billion and then we had additional uncommitted facilities available totaling about $380 million.  And with that, I am going to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And first in the line is John Janedis with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
John Janedis – Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, good morning, thank you. Can you guys help us think about organic expense growth going forward? After the 7% headcount reduction last year, to what extent do you think you see an increase in ‘010, and did you make some hires maybe in late fourth quarter or the first quarter that may have depressed margins slightly during the quarter? Thanks.
John Wren:  I will let Randy take most of it. But most of the hiring we did in the fourth quarter was actually in emerging markets where we started to see revenue growth. There is hiring, we are no longer at the level of layoffs that we have had in the past. And right now what we are doing from a severance point of view or – is we are taking a hard look at Europe, because those markets are – have been declining as Randy mentioned in his comments. And so it’s a – it’s a broad mix of answers and I am not sure that there are any generalizations I can give you to help answer the question, because it’s different region-by-region.
Randall Weisenburger:  Yes, the important there – thing there is we have to maintain our staff levels client-by-client. Where we are growing business, we are going to have – we have to add headcount, we have to add the people to perform those services to the clients. It’s not like we can allocate from people from Europe to do growth and activities in the United States and people in one area of our business aren’t able to be fungible across to another discipline.  So it is an interesting time right now when we have a pretty wide variance of performance. We have obviously very positive organic growth, especially in many areas across the United States and we have you know mixed results across Europe. So it is a tricky time to balance our staffing levels. And so we are seeing some of that going through the P&L right now.
John Janedis – Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Jason Helfstein, Oppenheimer & Co. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, thanks. Two questions; so on paper, advertising is lagging in the recovery and marketing services according to your organic figures. Can you say – how much of this is driven by the easier compares in the sectors you highlighted that were very weak last year or do you think that’s a kind of an underlying theme there? And then when would you expect to advertising on paper to kind of catch up to marketing services?  And then second question, several weeks ago, there was a story that broke about Pepsi and Anheuser-Busch looking to consolidate their media spending. I am just curious if you have any comments on that and what do you think the impact would be on your business and if you think these types of partnership will become more prevalent? Thanks.
John Wren:  Okay, let me do the last part first. Some of our clients, Pepsi being one of them and Anheuser-Busch also being one of them have taken upon themselves to – to see if they can reinvent the way they do business. And they have collaborated now for a while in the purchase of – of many of the materials and things that they use.  And that collaboration seems from all my knowledge although which is somewhat limited is being very productive for both of those organizations. The media conversations, we are still doing the same amount of work that we did in the past and we are collaborating with this joint team. And your first part of the question?
Randall Weisenburger:  And the other question was I think about advertising and marketing services. I guess we look at the business in a more agency-by-agency and client-by-client rather than the aggregate. Obviously, we report the numbers in the aggregate, because we have them up and we report them in the way people want to hear them.  Right now, the – some of the bigger initiatives were in the CRM areas and we certainly saw some significant improvements in part, because there were significant declines last year in areas like events and sports marketing. So we saw some pretty significant rebounds in those areas. PR was another area that that had a very strong quarter. I think these things will certainly balance out in a – in over the course of this year. We will see less and less variance and more consistent performance across the – across the different disciplines I think as we go.  We will probably also see more consistent performance across regions as we go. I think right now we are at that strange sort of inflection point where we are getting or continuing to get some fairly wide differences in performance.
Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani – JPMorgan: Thank you. A couple of questions; first one on Europe, if you can give us a bit more color on what you are seeing specifically in the weakness in Germany? Is there any signs of that market stabilizing at all and any signs of what – any sense when you can give us you may see a turn there? I mean, I guess if you can tell us how it’s performed in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter that give us a sense of the trend line?  And then the second question is on your comment about the weakness in the auto vertical on the first quarter. If there is any detail you can give us on how much of that weakness was maybe related to I guess Chrysler falling off at the end of the January versus just weakness in your other client base?
John Wren:  Could you repeat the second – Randy might have heard it. We were whispering while you were asking the second part of the question, I am sorry about it.
Alexia Quadrani – JPMorgan: The second part was on the auto vertical, basically how much of the weakness was from the Chrysler falloff at the end of January or just from the other clients you service in the auto area?
John Wren:  Yes, with respect to Chrysler, Chrysler did not – we had Chrysler really because of some holdover work for January and February. It contributed to the decline, but not to the full level that it will going forward as is specific –
Randall Weisenburger:  The other auto – the other auto for us in the aggregate actually had a little – almost a little bit more year-over-year decline, largely because that we don’t cycle on those comps and tell really sometime in the second quarter. And Chrysler didn’t really have that big step change at that same time last year. So that it was really more of the – it was pretty balanced between Chrysler and the other auto accounts.  As far as Germany goes – parts of Europe, we actually saw a step down in the last year in the third quarter. I think sequentially from the fourth quarter to the first quarter I would say it stabilized, we didn’t see a real quarter-on-quarter change. But we are measuring all these numbers really year-over-year and we saw in parts of Europe that step change didn’t – the bigger step change didn’t really happen until the second half of last year. So it was almost a – the United States in many of these markets, it was a big step that really occurred between the fourth quarter of ’08 and say the first quarter of ’09.  In Europe, there was one step sort of in the first half of ’09 and then a second step in the second half of ’09. In that second half, the US was stable. So now when we are measuring year-on-year, we are getting a little bit – a little bit different results. But sequentially, I think Europe is right now pretty stable.
Alexia Quadrani – JPMorgan: Okay, and just circling back to the auto just I understand it correctly, the falloff in Chrysler, had it been declining significantly throughout the year last year, or did you see a pretty big drop off when the I guess the business moved away at the end of February? I am just trying to get a sense of for the second quarter, it sounds like you are going to have a lot of easier comps in auto, in some parts of your client base, but maybe Chrysler will still be a pretty big headwind, is that correct?
John Wren:  I would think that would be correct.
Randall Weisenburger:  Yes, Chrysler is probably a 1% or so revenue headwind in the second quarter, so a pretty big step down with that. Many of our other auto clients, there was a pretty big step last year in the first – in the second quarter. So when we get to the second quarter, we will have cycled on that when measuring year-on-year.
Alexia Quadrani – JPMorgan: Alright, thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  Thank you.
Operator:  The next question is from James Dix with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
James Dix – Wedbush:  Good morning, gentlemen. I just had, I guess three questions. First, where – you have given some color on this, but I was curious where you are seeing the most surprise, upside surprise versus your budget so far? And then second, looking towards the second quarter and beyond like what are you seeing in terms of the growth outlook, given that you have reached positive growth the full quarter before we were expecting?  And then on thing, John, you mentioned that at this point, your – you feel like your agencies have adjusted their offerings for the current market environment. I was just wondering if you can give a little bit more color as to what you meant by that?
John Wren:  Yes, let me deal with that first. We went through some wrenching changes last year, and where there was a lot of cost containment that contributed to our performance in terms of the what we were able to accomplish last year, but we had to reengineer quite a number of those agencies as well.  And typically and typically when you get into a recovery, what occurs on your larger advertising annuity type annual fee clients is the clients who will come back and there will be a request, which has occurred in the past, where you will reduce the fee and you will reduce the scope of work, so therefore, you will reengineer your staffing levels.  When you get into the recovery period, what occurs is clients will be spend some more, spend more money, you will have to become more productive during that when in the beginning of a recovery and till the client is comfortable that the recovery is fully in place, before they will generally increase your fee again, so it becomes – we are in that period right now.  Having said that, on projects in some other areas, we saw a rebound in spending which is positive and having been through two serious recessions, while in leadership of the company, there is some pretty normal patterns which we are developing, so we are cautiously optimistic.
Randall Weisenburger:  Yes, to add a little to that and trying to hit on some of your earlier points, we certainly saw a broader of a pickup and spending across the industry sectors as I pointed out other than auto and these are measuring year-on-year. Other than auto, all of our major industry sectors were positive, some, some very marginally positive, but all positive. So that was a good sign of broad recovery.  We saw more increased in projects. Some of that may have been a little bit of pumped up demand, some of them are trying to get done earlier in the year and some of that will probably move into normal scope changes in fee renegotiations or fee changes in contracts as we go.  So I wouldn’t expect the pace of change to continue from the pace from Q4 to Q1, it won’t continue necessarily from Q1 to Q2. So I think we probably we got a faster recovery. I think we will probably have about the same overall recovery as we were expecting. But it’s nice that it happened sooner.  We also had a little bit of benefit that the transition work at Chrysler lasted a little bit longer than we anticipated. So all – we had a bunch of relatively small but they add up to it a nice addition, positive results in the first quarter, which obviously we are all very happy about.
James Dix – Wedbush:  Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator:  The next question is from Craig Huber with Access 342. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Yes, good morning. A couple of things; just curious, given in light of how the quarter must have ended, was there a much of the difference between how the month of March did year-over-year in terms of organic revenue versus the overall quarter? And I have some follow-ups.
John Wren:  No actually, the quarter, January and February were stronger than what we had expected. And then March continued that trend.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  So very similar you are saying.
John Wren:  Yes.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  And then also could you – typically you will speak about your net new wins in the quarter, I realize you lost Chrysler here, but what were your net new business wins like in the first quarter here with or without Chrysler?
Randall Weisenburger:  I think the Chrysler loss was really a – 
John Wren:  We will recognize it later.
Randall Weisenburger:  We will recognize it in Q4. I think it was about $950 million of net new business wins in Q1 and it doesn’t have a Chrysler loss in it.
John Wren:  Since we had already reported that.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Okay, even though you had a couple – one or two months of their stuff in there, okay. And then my last quarter –
Randall Weisenburger:  We record the losses when they are announced and the wins when they are not announced. Not necessarily when the revenue comes in or goes out is our normal reporting practice.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Okay, fair enough. And then if I could, last question please, was there any one-items we should be aware of in the quarter, in particular just be curious to hear how much your severance expense was in the first quarter this year versus a year-ago? Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  Just one second.
John Wren:  There are people scurrying to look. Just hold on a second.
Randall Weisenburger:  Severance was down about $10 million in the quarter year-over-year.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Okay, great, thank you.
John Wren:  So we still had layoffs and some strategic cuts made around the world.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  I am assuming that’s in Europe, correct.
John Wren:  Well –
Randall Weisenburger:  It’s – you have to make these things, you are making the changes client-by-client, location-by-location. There is certainly probably more of it in Europe than there was in the United States and it’s more costly and more difficult in Europe than it is in the United States. But the reality of it is, is the changes have to made location-by-location.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Fair enough, thanks guys.
John Wren:  Alright.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Tim Nolen (ph) with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Tim Nolen – Macquarie: Hi, thanks for taking my question. You have largely answered what I wanted to ask, but I am wondering how you would compare this recovery with the last recovery in 2003, 2004 or 2002, 2003, 2004. You have dropped some comments that’s shaping up quite similar, but it seems a bit different to me. I mean we had a big drop in organic growth last time and a really quick snap back this time. I think that’s different from last time.  And also last time, you had a very lengthy period of margin decline year-over-year, before that started to pickup and now you are already back to flattish margins. Do you think this assessment makes sense? And if so, could you explain maybe what some of the differences are at this time versus last time?  And then secondly, you used to talk in sort of regular good times about achieving run rates of double-digit revenue and earnings growth. Do you think a year or two out when we are back in normal times again presumably that that’s a likely target again? Thanks.
John Wren:  My comments which you were referring to the last recession were not meant to be complete analogous. It was only – I was partially explaining what happens in a fee based account where there has been a reduction in scope of work and a reduction in the fee and the period of time in which that takes to recover.  Many of the lessons that I learned in 2003 and 2004 are different than the lessons that we have learned this time around. And there are not – every recession is different and this one is certainly in my opinion was a balance sheet recession, so it was quite different than in many aspects than anything that preceded it.
Randall Weisenburger:  Double-digit revenue and earnings, I am certainly pretty confident that we can and should get back to double-digit earnings growth. Double-digit revenue growth I think is more dependent upon FX rates and the pace of global GDP. I think when things balance out we can – we will get back to having organic the growth in excess of GDP. But if – and if we had a 3% or 4% tailwind in FX that certainly helps with the 3% or 4% headwind in FX double-digit revenue growth would be pretty challenging.
Tim Nolen – Macquarie: Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger:  Certainly on the EPS line, I am pretty confident, we will get back to those numbers.
John Wren:  And the only caution that I would add to that, I know your question was posed for beyond 2010. Unemployment in the US still remains very high and we are bullish and we are cautiously bullish.
Randall Weisenburger:  Yes, and just to be clear, my comment was not a 2010 comment. It was a long-term normal business cycle comment.
Tim Nolen – Macquarie: Yes, I meant it as a longer-term comment. But just seeing how different this recovery is I think from last time, that’s the kind of the starting point this is. I have been surprised how quickly we have gotten back on the top line and on the margin line compared with 2003, 2004.  I think it wasn’t even until in 2005 that you finally had margin improvement year-over-year in fact. So I am just surprised at how quick the rebound has been this time and therefore do you expect that to be sustained and then quickly get back to where we used to be?
John Wren:  Well, we are working on it every day. We don’t make the forecast, but we – when you compare us to the industry, last year in terms of how we were able to manage our margins, our people did a fantastic job. And I think we are well positioned once we get to higher levels of organic growth, we will be able to get to stabilized and then improving margins.
Tim Nolen – Macquarie: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Our next question is from Meggan Friedman of William Blair & Co. Please go ahead.
Meggan Friedman – William Blair:  Hi, good morning. A couple of follow-up questions; the first on – it’s a nice segue about your statement about higher levels of organic growth getting back to an improved margin profile. Can you give us – can you help us to kind of quantify what that level will be from an organic revenue growth standpoint in order to get back just an orderly progression to a 13% range?
John Wren:  There is no science to this, because as Randy mentioned earlier, we adjust our businesses office-by-office, location-by-location. But if you are looking for a generalization, typically it takes about 4% organic growth before we – before we are able to catch up with the normal inflation and pressures that we have in our cost base. And then after that, then we start to see improvement. But I caution to tell you that’s a generalization.
Randall Weisenburger:  And having the – a couple of years 4% plus organic growth to I will say those are general numbers to balance out the utilization rates. But the challenge and I was pointing out now and sort of this inflection point, you manage your utilization rates and your margins location-by-location. If they – if you are having in high growth in one area and not high growth in other area, doesn’t get those margins back in balance. Broad based recovery in that 4% plus area for a couple of years, certainly makes it a much easier challenge.
Meggan Friedman – William Blair:  Okay, thanks. And then a couple of follow-up questions on – on some of the areas of recent weakness. And the first one is, and I am sorry if I missed this, but can you quantify what the headwind was in Q1 from Chrysler specifically?  
Randall Weisenburger:  Headwind in Q1.
Meggan Friedman – William Blair:  If you talk about 1% in Q2.
Randall Weisenburger:  Yes basically in Q1, the way it turned out, we – the contract expire at the end of January, we provided some ongoing transition services and things to the client in various parts of the – the revenue didn’t really go away as quite as fast as we expected it to. So we ended up losing about maybe say one-third of 1% revenue in the quarter.  We didn’t also have the step down that we experienced in the – in many of our other auto clients that occurred in the second quarter of last year, so last year’s revenue was much more steady. So we probably lost about a third of a month’s revenue or so, maybe even a little bit less in the quarter.  When we go to Q2, the Chrysler revenue at this point is gone. So on a year-over-year basis, it’s right around 1% of our total revenue, so call that $30 million plus of year-over-year change in revenue in Q2. 
Meggan Friedman – William Blair:  Okay, thanks. And then the other question on sports and events, it sounds like you had a bump in Q1 in part from the Olympics, are we starting to lap the easier comp in Q2? So should we be expecting similar performance in that segment in Q2 or was that a one-time bump and we will see it normalized a bit more? 
John Wren:  I think the area is normalizing.
Randall Weisenburger:  Basically as you get to Q2, the Olympic bump will go away and the cycling will – the full cycling should be there.
Meggan Friedman – William Blair:  Okay, great. And then one last question, if you could maybe talk a little bit about the acquisition pipeline, are we seeing multiple expectations come down, if you could just talk a little bit about that?
John Wren:  We are out – we have some very specific carriers and targets which we are looking at. We work very hard at it. And it hasn’t been a real decline in multiples, otherwise we would be reporting more acquisitions. But we continue to have a very specific list of things that we believe are quality areas that we need to extend into and negotiations continue in a number of areas. But prices have not declined in any great measure.
Meggan Friedman – William Blair:  Okay, thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  Thank you.
Operator:  And next we will go to the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning. A couple of questions; maybe just at a high level as you look at 2Q, here we are halfway through the quarter more or less and the comps appear to be easing both domestic and international even with that Chrysler sort of incremental headwind. Is it safe to assume 2Q should accelerate in terms of top line growth versus 1Q organic?
John Wren:  Well, from where I sit, I am not yet halfway through the second quarter. But thanks for the thought. No, I mean, I believe we have the full headwind of Chrysler, and we’ve – I think we will have – we will report positive growth. But as Randy mentioned earlier, the sequential change that you saw from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, you should bake those into your expectations just yet. There are still regionally around the world, some areas of uncertainty and we are looking at those every single day.
Randall Weisenburger:  Just to make sure that it’s clear. We do expect that the second quarter to be better as when measured on the year-over-year basis than the first quarter. But the improvement from Q4 to Q1 was quite dramatic we are not going to see that same percentage improvement from Q2 – Q1 to Q2. It will level out or normalize.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Very clear, thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  But we will be better.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Got you. And then Randy in your prepared remarks you mentioned recruitment down 30%. I don’t know if you can just give us a sense of sort of how big that business is for you and I think it’s – I am assuming it’s probably a pretty drag on the EBIT line as well, sort of how we should think about what kind of headwind that is placing on the business today and when you start to cycle through that step down as we move through 2010 and if there are sort of maybe a secular element to it?
Randall Weisenburger:  Well, it’s probably got both elements just a little bit. But we will start cycling on numbers in Q2. And the impact are a lot less now than they were last year. One of the – I guess one of the things we all learned about like the stock markets, things that are down 50%. The second year they are down or when they are up, the impact becomes a lot smaller if we get measured.
John Wren:  That business should start to flatten out on easier comps late in the second quarter.
Randall Weisenburger:  And I have made it clear, here we have got a business that’s been a really tough sector, but we have a very solid management team and a very solid company. You know therein a difficult spot obviously, it’s predominantly a domestic business, and as we all know the US unemployment rates or the US employment rates are very difficult.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Yes. I know the industry has – had pulled back on bonus payments and comp over the last few years and now there is an opportunity sort to normalize that. Can you give us a sense for in the first quarter, either directionally or maybe quantify the incentive comp accrual growth either in dollar terms or how you think about that this year?
John Wren:  Well, I prefer not to talk about specific dollars, but I will tell you this. We are able to pay bonuses for 2009 and as we – that’s because our improvement, we had an improving result last year as we went through it. And our accruals in the first quarter exceeded our accruals for – the first quarter of ‘010 exceeded our accruals for the first quarter of ’09.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: And John your expectation for the year, they will be up year-on-year.
John Wren:  Well, it’s my hope, it’s my hope. We adjust our incentives based upon what the outlook is. It’s done at least once a quarter where we look at that and we make whatever adjustments are appropriate. And we are not shy, where companies are not meeting their objectives to reduce those incentives from time to time. But for the first quarter, we were able to restore some of those costs.
Randall Weisenburger:  And certainly our objective is – are to get those numbers as high as possible, still delivering for shareholders what we expect and balancing those out. 
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Yes. And then last question just on free cash flow. I think you have mentioned in the past, you would like to use all your free cash for either dividend, buybacks or acquisitions. I guess is that still how you are thinking about things, and you are deleveraging sort of slowly, free cash flow looks good. If you want to delever further Randy or you are happy with leverage here, what’s your view on the balance sheet from this point?
John Wren:  I will let Randy answer most of the questions, but we felt that we actually we accomplished all of the delevering we needed to for the company and our balance sheet is in incredibly strong shape. So our plan going into this year was to utilize our free cash flow for those three areas and Randy can add to it.
Randall Weisenburger:  We didn’t delever in the first quarter for the quarter itself. We probably with the share repurchases we were probably a little bit ahead. Our plan is to utilize all of our free cash flow for the three things that you mentioned over the course of the year. We – it doesn’t mean we are going to match it up quarter-by-quarter, so we are probably a little bit ahead of the share repurchases for the full year and obviously we can adjust that as we go.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Yes, thanks a lot.
Randall Weisenburger:  Thank you.
John Wren:  Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  Still maybe one more question, and then we will call it a day.
Operator:  And that will be Peter Stabler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse:  Thanks very much. Can we quickly drill down a bit on the US? On a company basis, you reported brand advertising was essentially flat, US at plus 5% to get some sort of slight disconnect there, perhaps it was events and sports. If you could you provide additional color on how the segments did in the US that would be great?
Randall Weisenburger:  I don’t know if I have that. I have it in the aggregate, I don’t know if I have got it by country.
John Wren:  We may have to come back to you with that answer. We are not sure that we have the analysis done quite that way.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse: Okay, well, then let’s quickly move on. In terms of the fee cycle, is there anyway you can give us a sense of where you stand in terms of a renegotiation completion rate right now, are we at 60%, 70%, 80% of your annuals contracts have been renegotiated? I guess what I am trying to get to is, we have talked a number of times about the step down going into the cycle, into the fall back, are we now in that step up and is that fully reflective or as you mentioned earlier, have project revenues played really an outside role in this organic growth in the quarter?
John Wren:  Yes, I think we are in a very, very beginning of renegotiation or an adjust – an awkward adjustment in our fees for many of our clients. But we are not – we are – we are fantasying about some of that. We have plans to go in based upon the productivity and the scope of work that we ask that the declines that’s made of us to go into see if we can increase those fees.  But it takes a fair amount of time, it takes couple of quarters of sustained growth not only for us, but for a particular client, before we can – we can get those restored to what they were. So that’s a long process, a positive process, but it’s going to be a long process that we are going to continue to go through for the next couple of quarters.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse:  So really no way to say if there is a completion rate on that, it’s a rolling process.
John Wren:  No, yes, I mean the beautiful thing about Omnicom is no single client is that significant. There is a lot of clients, so there is a lot of conversations that are going on and we don’t track. It’s not that we have five major clients and we are tracking our progression against those five. We are – we don’t necessarily track the numbers the way that you are suggesting.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse:  Okay, great. So just one last quick question, maybe I will try to ask this a different way. In the past couple of quarters, you have fold out a couple of operating units, talk about their contribution to the overall performance. When you talk about events and sports 20% organically in the quarter, is there a way to size that contribution on the total company level?
Randall Weisenburger:  Yes, it’s probably about $20-ish million dollars.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse: Great, thanks very much. 
Randall Weisenburger:  Sure. Thank you all. And as I said, we will leave that as the last question. Thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call and we will do this again soon.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Wren – President, Chief Executive Officer Randall Weisenburger – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: William Bird – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia Quadrani – J.P. Morgan Daniel Salmon – BMO Capital Markets Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer Brian Shipman – Jefferies & Co. Meggan Friedman – William Blair [Tim Nolan – Macquarie] Mathew Walker – Nomura James Dix – Wedbush Morgan Securities Craig Huber – Access 342 Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Omnicom fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would now like to introduce you to today’s conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. We hope everyone’s had a chance to review our earnings release. We’ve posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we will present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included on Page 1 of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We’re going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren, and then following John’s remarks, we’ll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then at the end, both John and I will happy to take questions.
John Wren: Good morning and thank you for joining our call this morning. Overall, fourth quarter results were in line with our expectations. Results in the quarter improved when compared to the previous three quarters but still reflect the reductions in annual advertising and marketing spending initiated by clients in the first and second quarters of last year. As economies improve, we believe the worst of the recession and its impact is behind us. While not all of our clients have finalized their budgets for 2010, we anticipate that many clients will at least modestly increase spending in the second half of this year. Turning to our performance and what we expect, we’ve always placed a premium on strong operating management and we’ve held our agency leaders to very high standards. At an operating level, we’ve challenged our agency leaders to carefully manage costs and to adjust their offerings to better meet the needs of their clients. Across the business, our agencies have effectively managed their cost structures over the past year. While continued cost control is going to be required, we feel good about our individual agencies’ ability now to focus on growing their businesses over the next 12 months. In 2009 we also did an excellent job in strengthening and improving our balance sheet and capital structure. Together with careful management, we’re now in a very strong position to deploy our capital and grow our business via investing in challenge, investing in start ups and acquisitions and utilization of our free cash flow. Over the past 12 months we continued to heavily invest in management training and development as we believe that strong managers and leaders are key strategic advantages in our business. In 2010 we’ll make additional investments by expanding many of our programs including our Omnicom University to emerging markets. In the digital space, as many of you know, we have a dual strategy of building strong capabilities inside our existing agencies and adding new specialty skill sets.  First, we believe that a clear path for success in the future will be to continue to integrate these skills around our traditional businesses and make them adapt as quickly as possible to the changing media environment. Second, we plan to expand our portfolio of specialized digital properties and we should be making some targeted acquisitions and funding a few start ups as we get into the beginning of the year. Also in 2009 as I said, we enhanced our capital structure and we reduced the debt on our balance sheet. Going forward, we expect to invest our free cash differently this year back to acquisitions, an increase in dividends and a resumption of our share buy back program. As you know, we’ve always followed a very disciplined acquisition strategy. Our focus is to target companies that fill specific strategic needs and in 2010 we expect to be more aggressive than we’ve been in the last 12 months. I especially focus on the extension of our geographic portfolio as we look at opportunities around the world. You might in fourth quarter we acquired control over a long standing affiliate partner in the Middle East, Impact DBBO. Impact has 13 offices in seven countries and should enhance our offering in that region. Finally, as has been widely reported, the company ended its relationship with Chrysler. But excluding Chrysler, net new business for the quarter exceeded $900 million so our companies are performing well when given the opportunity to win new business. Before I turn it back to Randy, I just want to mention that given the severity of this recession, I’m very proud of our managers and employees and what they were able to accomplish in 2009 and I think at this point we’re poised as the market improves to grow our businesses again. With that, I’ll turn it back to Randy.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks John. In summary, the fourth quarter was a solid finish to what I think can safely be called the toughest economic period in our firm’s history. On the whole, our agency management teams on both the client side and the operations side did an outstanding job in guiding their individual agencies through the difficulties they faced this past year. They were successful at delivering the highest quality services to their clients and at the same time managing their cost structures in a way that delivered solid results to shareholders. While the economic challenges are certainly not completely behind us, and the results of our businesses vary widely by business type and geography, over the last two quarters we’ve begun to see some optimistic signs of recovery in certain places and more widespread areas of stability. While the results overall for the quarter were ahead of our expectations, as I mentioned, the results vary widely by type of business and geography. By geography, there are basically three speeds. In the U.S. business continues to stabilize with some signs of recovery in a few industry sectors. In Europe we saw business take a further step down in the third quarter and that general trend continued into the fourth quarter. And lastly, excluding Japan, Asia and most of the emerging markets, China, India, Latin America, The Middle East and Africa all showed year over year growth. By business type, our Recruitment Marketing and Events business continued to have a difficult time and from an industry perspective, the auto category remained very difficult. These isolated areas weighed down what were otherwise relatively good overall performances in brand advertising and marketing services. Now going to the P&L; as I mentioned, our revenue performance overall was ahead of our expectation and showed sequential improvement from Q3. However, measured year over year, revenue declined 3.1% to $3.27 billion. Operating income decreased 10.9% to $399.6 million and our operating margin for the quarter was 12.2% which was in line with our expectations, and our EBITDA margin was 14.3% which was down about 75 basis points from last year and a little bit ahead of expectations. Year to date, our EBITDA and EBIT margins were down approximately 60 and 90 basis points respectively which we feel is an exceptional performance on the part of our agency management teams, especially given the rapid change in the economic environment that we all experienced from the end of 2008 through the first half of 2009. I also want to point out that we did in the fourth quarter take a pre tax charge of $33.2 million in connection with the loss of our Chrysler business. That charge consisted primarily of least costs, the write off of lease hold improvements and some severance. In addition, in the quarter, we had a net pre tax gain from several transactions that in the aggregate totaled about $32.4 million. Net interest expense for the quarter was $28.6 million which was up about $4.7 million from last year and down about $300,000 from last quarter. The increase versus Q4 of 2008 was a result of our issuance of the $500 million ten year senior note last July as well as a decrease on interest earned on our foreign balances primarily due to rates offset by lower borrowings and lower interest rates on our revolver and commercial paper facilities in 2009. Versus the third quarter of 2009, the decrease was primarily due to reduced borrowings on our short term facilities. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was just about flat versus last year at 33.6% bringing the year to date tax rate to 34% which was up from 33.6% last year.  The aggregate result was net income for the quarter declining 15.3% to $229.6 million. For the year, net income declined 20.7% to $793 million. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter declined about 16% to $0.73 bringing the year to date total to $2.53. For the quarter we had average outstanding diluted shares of about 313 million and we finished the year with outstanding diluted shares of 314 million. That’s a good number going into 2010. We have again in the first quarter of this year started to repurchase our shares and would expect to utilize our excess cash after dividends and acquisitions to continue to repurchase shares throughout the year. Analyzing our revenue performance, on a year over year basis, the U.S. dollar weakened against most other currencies. As a result, FX had a year over year effect of increasing our revenue for the quarter by $135 million or about 3.9%. For the year, even after the positive move in the quarter, FX remained negative 3.4% or $454 million. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are, we expect FX will be positive between 3% and 4% in Q1 and flat to marginally down for the full year.  Revenue from acquisitions net of dispositions was negative $25.1 million in the quarter or about seven tenths of one percent. That was driven primarily by the divestiture of our directory advertising business earlier in the year. Organic growth was stronger than expected for the quarter, declined only 6.3% or $211 million. While all of our businesses have been negatively impacted by the recession a few areas that we’ve highlighted in the last two quarters continue to be worth noting. First, the auto sector which last year was our largest sector was down about 25% organically or about $86 million. The auto sector alone accounted for about 40% of our organic revenue decline in the quarter. The Events and Sports marketing area also continued to struggle in the quarter, down almost 27% organically and our Recruitment Marketing business was down almost 70% in the quarter and about 50% for the full year. This business has been negatively affected by both the economic environment and the shift to the internet. These three areas together, while accounting for only about 16% of global Q4 revenue last year and 12.4% of our global Q4 revenue this year, they accounted for almost 70% of our organic revenue decline. As for mix of business, brand advertising accounted for 45% of our revenue and marketing services 55%. As for their respective organic growth rates, brand advertising in the quarter was down 4.8% and marketing services declined 7.4%. Breaking down marketing services revenue a little further, CRM had negative organic growth of 7.3%. However, similar to Q2 and Q3, the CRM performance was significantly impacted by our Events and Sports Marketing business. Excluding those results, organic growth for CRM was down only 4.4%. Public Relations was down 9.3% and Specialty Communications had organic revenue decline of 5.8%. Two of the larger areas in the Specialty Communications category are recruitment marketing and health care.  Recruitment marketing as I mentioned was down about 70% in the quarter and about 50% for the full year. Fortunately our health care businesses have performed very well and as a result of strong new business efforts, organic revenue was marginally positive in Q4 and down only about 1% for the full year. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 50% U.S. and 50% international. In the U.S., revenue decline $129 million or 7.3%. Acquisitions net of dispositions reduced revenue by $22.6 million or 1.3% and organic growth was a negative 6% or about $106 million. As was the case through the first three quarters, organic revenue performance was somewhat skewed by our performance in three sectors; auto, events and recruitment. For the U.S. in Q4, these sectors contributed only 13.9% of our total revenue and accounted for 100% of our organic revenue decline. Or said another way, the other 86% of our U.S. business combined had flat organic growth in the fourth quarter. International revenue increased $23.7 million or about 1.5%. FX added $130.5 million or 8.1%. Acquisitions net of dispositions reduced revenue by $2.5 million and organic growth was a negative 6.4% or $104 million. Internationally we had relatively strong performances in the U.K., India, China, Singapore, Australia, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Canada. In developed Asia, Korea showed positive signs of growth for the first time in several quarters while Japan continued to be negative. With the exception of the United Kingdom, most markets across Eastern and Western Europe performed below average. Looking at revenue by industry, the auto sector represented 11% of our revenue in 2009 as compared to 14% in 2008. This reflected an overall organic decline for the sector of about 25% for the year. Health care and consumer product sectors, due to their relatively strong performances during the year, both increased their share of our revenue while the other sectors remained relatively constant. Moving on to cash flow, operating cash flow for the quarter and year to date was very strong and our overall working capital performance has continued to be very good. Our primary sources of cash, net income, stock based compensation and depreciation and amortization, totaled $1.1 billion for the year. Our primary uses of cash were dividends which totaled $187 million, capital expenditures which totaled $131 million this year versus $212 million last year, acquisitions including earn out payments totaled approximately $137 million this year versus $362 million last year, and share repurchases were only $15 million this year versus $847 million last year. As a result of the above, over the course of 2009 excluding working capital changes we reduced our overall leverage by about $650 million.  As the current picture chart shows, including changes in working capital, our year end net debt position improved by about $1.3 billion down to $663 million. As a result of the reduction in our outstanding debt balances, our leverage ratio or total debt to EBITDA ratio improved to 1.4 times as of December 31 and despite the decline in EBITDA for the year, our interest coverage ratio remained exceptionally strong at 13.2 times. I should also point out that in December, we terminated a partnership we had created earlier in the year to purchase our 2031 convertible notes and those bonds will permanently retire. And finally, from a liquidity perspective, we finished the year in a strong position with cash and undrawn committed credit facilities totaling about $1.4 billion and we had additional uncommitted facilities available totaling $363 million. With that, I’m going to now open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from William Bird – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
William Bird – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I was wondering if you could talk bigger picture about what clients are saying about 2010 ad spending plans.
John Wren: It does vary industry by industry. One positive sign which we’re seeing at least domestically in the United States is the auto sector I believe is spending more money. Most likely it’s a war for market share which is going on right now and I think that war will continue well into the first half. Other industries, in general I’d have to say that clients are looking at their budgets and where there is an ROI, they’re modestly increasing those budgets as we go into this year. That’s what I’m seeing at the moment.
William Bird – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can you talk a little bit about how you see the year developing and I know you don’t give quarterly guidance or anything of that nature, but as you think about the shape of the year, when do you think it’s reasonable to see a return to positive organic revenue growth?
John Wren: I believe in the second half is what we’re looking at sustainable growth. The first quarter this year will be a little challenged because we’re still cycling through cuts which were initiated in the first quarter of last year. So there will be a modest challenge as we get through the first quarter. January numbers which we’ve just seen a flash of were positive and certainly indicate that we’re moving in the right direction. I think once we get into the second quarter we’ll be against easier comps and we should start to see the impact of some of these modest increases that we were just talking about.
William Bird – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On the buy back that Randy alluded to, I was just wondering how active do you expect to be?
John Wren: There are a number of things that our Board will consider when they meet later on today. One is an increase in dividend. They certainly reauthorized us to purchase back shares, and as I mentioned, we are looking at a number of acquisitions. I can’t project how many of them we will complete. But as Randy has said many times, the use of our free cash flow is really for those three items, so if I had to prioritize them I would say that one, hopefully a dividend increase as the Board approves, two, acquisition activity and then residual free cash flow will to share purchases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Quadrani – J.P. Morgan.
Alexia Quadrani – J.P. Morgan: On the organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter that came in better than expectations, and I think you said those in budget as well, was there one particular segment that was a surprise it was on the upside or was it just a moderation of declines across the board?
John Wren: I think the general businesses in the United States were a bit better than we had expected. As I mentioned 86% of our business in the U.S. was flat so that was pretty positive results.
Alexia Quadrani – J.P. Morgan: When you look at the three areas that you highlighted being obviously very negative in the quarter, the events, the auto and the recruitment, have you seen any signs of improvement in the first quarter? I know you’ve only see January so far, but do you see those declines moderating in the first quarter?
John Wren: Auto is going to be a little bit mixed. I think we have seen a little bit of auto pick up but we lose the Chrysler business effective the end of January, so that’s another 1% of our revenue decline just with the Chrysler account. It’s kind of step up and a step down. I think we’re seeing more activity in the events sector, certainly hearing more about events picking up. Recruitment, I think the hope is we’re going to cycle our numbers here pretty soon.
Alexia Quadrani – J.P. Morgan: With the auto business, the Chrysler business that you mentioned, should we assume that everything walks out the door in January 31, or did you already see some of the business leaving impact your numbers in fourth quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: I don’t believe there was an impact in the fourth quarter. There might have been a year over year decline.
John Wren: It wasn’t a sequential change in business from Q3 to Q4.
Alexia Quadrani – J.P. Morgan: Can you comment a bit on margins and profitability? I know you have mentioned a pick up in incentive comp and actually there will be some more severance associated with Chrysler in Q1, how do you view profitability or margin improvement for this year given hopefully better revenue trends.
John Wren: I certainly think in Q1 margins with negative organic growth expected in Q1, I’d have to expect margins to be down a little bit in Q1. I think we expect margins to be flat to maybe a little bit positive for the year but it will be back end loaded as we start to see some organic growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Salmon – BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon – BMO Capital Markets: Could you quantify your exposure to Spain, Greece, Italy and Portugal as closely as you can?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, but not off the top of my head. I’ll have someone look for those answers while we talk and we’ll get them back to you.
Daniel Salmon – BMO Capital Markets: It looked like there was a little bit of uptick in the depreciation number this quarter and I was curious if there is a specific reason for that and if that’s a run rate going forward?
Randall Weisenburger: Some of it just off of CapEx and timing. I think $2 million of the increase is associated with Chrysler shutdown, write off of resolds in Detroit.
Daniel Salmon – BMO Capital Markets: I’d be interested to hear your general comments on working capital. It was quite positive in the fourth quarter and I know there have been a lot of efforts in that area throughout the year, but if there was anything in particular that really helped drive it in the fourth quarter I would be interested to hear.
John Wren: The fourth quarter working capital because of seasonal issues is always the better quarter. We put a very significant amount of effort. We have working capital management starting at the end of last year and really re-doubled and tripled our efforts in this space. I have to say our management teams at the network level and at the agency level have really done an outstanding job over the course of the year. I though we had historically done a good job and they proved that we could even do it better. So I’m very proud of them.
Daniel Salmon – BMO Capital Markets: When you get that troubled Europe exposure that would be great.
Randal Weisenburger: You wanted Greece, Spain and Portugal?
Daniel Salmon – BMO Capital Markets: And Italy as well. As a group is fine.
Randal Weisenburger: As soon as we get it we’ll say it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer.
Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer: As your auto play opens up post Chrysler what business is up for grabs? Maybe you want to handicap some of your chances there. And when we’ve talked to you in the past, one of our senses is that your frustration with certain clients basically having over cut or over simplified their marketing plans and at the end of the day the client is always right. I’m just wondering if we’ve started to see yet clients coming back to you saying we did over cut. We’re not ready to go there now, we don’t have the money but our plan is to get there and if that helps you feel better about the business going forward.
Randall Weisenburger: With respect to your first question, forgive me for not using this format to share with you what I’m thinking in terms of going after new auto opportunities but rest assured that we are. I can’t predict when the results will occur, but we will prosper. With respect to your second question could you repeat it for me?
Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer: I think one of the frustrations by people in your business has been clients basically used the recession as a way to simplify their marketing spend in many cases because they had to spend less money, so if they previously divided the U.S. to five geographic areas to target, they went to two to save money. That may have not been the right business decision but they had to do that. Are you starting to see clients come back to you saying we oversimplified our marketing spend or marketing methods and while we’re not ready to go back to the way we used to market because we are not comfortable with our spending, we acknowledge that we were draconian in our cuts and we plan to spend more, basically going back somewhat to the way it was. I’m just looking for some color if you have some acknowledgement by clients that there have been some issues that they over cut spending during the panic.
Randall Weisenburger: I’ve not been party to those types of conversations. Where we’re seeing clients come back and make ad money and increases to their budgets, if we compare them on a year over year basis, it’s because they see opportunities to grow their market share. I couldn’t characterize the conversation that way.
John Wren: I think cost containment is still a pretty high priority, at least from what I’ve heard from clients.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Shipman – Jefferies & Co.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies & Co.: Embedded in your comments for a return to organic growth in the second half could you talk about your expectations for that metric with respect to the Euro currency and can that market come back as it has historically in the six to nine months in the U.S. market with the unique problems many of the countries are having in Europe?
John Wren: It’s hard to be specific. As Randy mentioned, it’s really three stories. You have Asia emerging markets which are growing, the U.S. which is showing some signs of recovery and in the third and the fourth quarter we saw somewhat of a step down in Europe and we haven’t seen that stabilize completely yet. We’re certainly not the economists to predict what’s going to happen in Europe. Right now it hasn’t kept pace with the recovery in the United States or the rest of the world, but there’s obviously a lot of discussion and concern about some of the markets in Europe. The U.K. was actually did very well for us in the fourth quarter so it’s not necessarily everywhere in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meggan Friedman – William Blair.
Meggan Friedman – William Blair: I have a longer term question. In the past we’ve talked about organic revenue growth of GDP plus or minus 100 basis points or more. Are there any structural changes in the industry that would prevent that from being the case going forward in the recovery?
John Wren: I don’t think so. The trends that drove that were continuing to have a shift towards digital as well as continuing fragmentation of ways of marketing and fragmentation of the consumer. Those are positive for our industry. I don’t think those are going to change.
Randall Weisenburger: I just might add that’s a long term view of growth over GDP as opposed to any particular quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Tim Nolan – Macquarie]
[Tim Nolan – Macquarie]: You mentioned U.K. did very, very well and I think that’s quite surprising, if you could explain why. And secondly also in Europe I remember coming out of the last recession you were fairly late in cutting costs in Europe and I wonder what your cost effort has been, if there’s more severance yet to come in Europe.
John Wren: I think our businesses have done a pretty good job at managing their cost structures, keeping them in line as fast as possible with the changes in their business. In many parts of Europe, obviously adjusting staff levels is more expensive and more difficult than it is in the United States but I think we’ve done a fairly good job at it. As we mentioned there was a step down in business across much of Europe in the third quarter that continued in the fourth quarter so I would expect that we’re going to have more severance or more cost adjustments related to that activity unless for some reason it turned around very quickly. Thinking it’s going to turn around very quickly is probably a bit optimistic.
[Tim Nolan – Macquarie]: And the U.K., can you explain why you do so well there? And also if you could comment on France, I think you said in Q3 on your call I think you said France did very well. Could you comment on those two countries please?
John Wren: I think in Q3 France took a step down and Germany took a step down. Those were the two markets that for the first six months of the year had actually kind of outpaced Europe for us. The U.K. is a combination of some new business activity or wins that are finally hitting and in a couple of our businesses, they just had good performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mathew Walker – Nomura.
Mathew Walker – Nomura: I was wondering if you could give at least for the full year a percentage split of your cost of salary and R&G. The second question would be given the shape of the comparisons, why do you think that Q2 will be when you’re positive rather than Q2 because the clients will hang back to make sure that the consumer is recovering before they spend or is there any other significant reason? And the third question is on China. I wonder if you could give us your revenue exposure for China specifically and a little bit more about the good win of the business.
John Wren: I don’t have a very good memory. I know the second question was about second half versus second quarter. I think we’re going to have positive organic growth in the second quarter but that’s the question. I think we’re certainly much more confident about having positive organic growth in the second half but we’ll see how that goes. Could you repeat your other questions?
Mathew Walker – Nomura: The first one was the salary and R&G expense split and the third one was on China exposure. You obviously won a lot of awards in China. I was wondering if you could say a little bit more about the China business and say a little bit more about the win and the factors behind that.
John Wren: Our business in China has been growing at a very rapid pace from a number of levels. One; extending our relationship with clients, some multi-national clients that we service in other parts of the world and many new Chinese clients that we’re meeting as we move forward. Also, reputationally, our product, our companies has made a significant amount of progress over the course of the last two years as evidenced as you referenced to the recent digital awards in China where we swept the recognitions. Specifically, wherever we can get an opportunity to pitch our business and show and demonstrate to potential clients what our capabilities are, we’ve had a terrific track record and I think that’s reflected in some of the new business wins that you referred to.
John Wren: Going back a couple of questions ago, the question Greece, Spain Portugal and Italy, for the full year they total a little bit less than $400 million of revenue for us.
Randall Weisenburger: One comment on that, there’s many multi companies in those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Dix – Wedbush Morgan Securities.
James Dix – Wedbush Morgan Securities: Thanks for the breakout on some of those headwind items that you faced in the fourth quarter. You indicated that excluding them the rest of your business in the U.S. was looking flat in the fourth quarter. Is it looking flat in the first quarter or better or worse than that? Do you think there are any particular regions geographically where you’re notably gaining or losing share and in particular in the U.S., how do you think you’re doing market share wise versus your competitors. On media spending mix, are there any particular platforms where you’re seeing particular strength or weakness in growth and is that having any particular impact on your growth or margins?
John Wren: The last one is easy. I don’t know about individual platforms and it wouldn’t have a meaningful impact on our overall performance. Our medium IM planning business is about 12% of our total revenue, so breaking out one platform within that on a global basis, it wouldn’t be enough to have a significant impact. Let me answer one question back because I just got the numbers. Our salary and service cost for 2009 was about $8.450 billion and our office and general was about $1.895 billion. Now could you repeat the couple of questions I didn’t get?
James Dix – Wedbush Morgan Securities: You broke out some specific items that were hurting your growth in the fourth quarter and you said that the rest of your business which I guess was on 86% of your business was flat in the fourth quarter. Is that trending better or worse in the first and the other question was any particular regions in the U.S. in particular where you think you’re gaining or losing share versus competitors.
John Wren: The first one, I don’t have any first quarter trend data. We barely got January revenue and we haven’t had a chance to analyze it at a depth that would tell me if there were some categories versus others.  I suspect the trend is continuing. We started seeing things moving this way in the third quarter. We started seeing some of this throughout. For the last few earnings calls we’ve been trying to provide the break out of things like events and recruitment and the auto because the relative performance of those sectors was so wide relative to some of our other areas. The fourth quarter they obviously got highlighted when in the United States especially, as the U.S. has recovered, the year over year fall off in those three sectors is just over 100% of organic decline, so it is showing the wide range of performance between those and the rest of our industry sectors.
Randall Weisenburger: One bit of caution on the first quarter is we have to reference the Chrysler loss. That’s approximately 1% of our overall revenue, but it’s much more significant domestically in the United States than it is globally.
James Dix – Wedbush Morgan Securities: Anything on the share issue?
John Wren: No. I can’t think of an area where we’re not competitors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Huber – Access 342.
Craig Huber – Access 342: What was your full time equivalent employee count at the end of the year? I believe it was 68,000 at the end of 2008.
Randall Weisenburger: We’ll have someone find it if we have it. 63,000.
Craig Huber – Access 342: I don’t believe you provided this for awhile here, if you break down the revenue split out of your top thousand clients of your major categories, for full year 2009, do you have that handy?
John Wren: We actually put it in the investor presentation. There is a slide there. What percentage of our revenue is the top thousand by industry?
Craig Huber – Access 342: By industry, yes.
John Wren: By industry we have a chart. It’s Page 6. We show revenue by industry for last year and this year for the full year.
Craig Huber – Access 342: In the fourth quarter of 2008 your project related revenues were down significantly as you’ve talked about. Can you talk about how much that improved in the fourth quarter 2009?
John Wren: No, we didn’t do that calculation in that way. I think what the numbers reflect is certainly in the auto sector which Randy said there was a decline in and sports and events marketing, any projects related to those industries, we didn’t see come back at all in the fourth quarter. A lot of other clients did increase their spending in the fourth quarter where there were market share opportunities. So it wasn’t as severe as it was fourth quarter last year, but it wasn’t back to what it was prior to that.
Craig Huber – Access 342: You have roughly $600 million on cash in the third quarter, about $1.6 million or so end of the fourth quarter for seasonal reasons, do you generally think roughly $300 million to $350 million of that cash is your own cash to do what you want with, the rest is sort of clients?
John Wren: I don’t view it that way. It’s our cash. It’s the swings in working capital. I wouldn’t necessarily want to take that cash and go out and buy something and not have available lines of credit to replenish it. We need that available working capital in the system. I think the $300 million maybe you’re talking about it cash that needs to be in the banks. It’s cash in lock boxes and cash in transition pretty much all the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse: Could you comment a little bit on the expense line? O&G is down substantially versus ’08. Could you provide a little color on how durable those cuts are and are we going to see pressure on O&G expense in 2010 and what specific areas that might be?
John Wren:  I think our companies did an outstanding job of managing their costs. Travel is down. People cut Christmas parties, cut network conferences. They managed their costs very actively this past year. On a long term basis it’s not realistic that those costs remain at those low of a levels. By the same token, the other item in this is real estate costs. That takes longer to adjust. So those items are probably up on an organic basis year over year because they take some time to manage, but they will come down over time.  We will be able to adjust our infrastructure costs to be in line with our revenues and in line with our head count. You just can’t do them quite as fast. So while those costs are coming down, some of these other costs will work their way back into the system.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse: So if you look at O&G as a percentage of total revenue and look back a couple years to let’s say ’06, ’07 would you expect that a couple years out from here that you’d kind of drift back to that level or was there some level of step change savings that you found fundamentally that could change and bring that number lower going forward.
John Wren: The number as a percentage of revenue is actually up year over year so while the number is down, it obviously hasn’t moved down as much as our revenue moved down. Again, in that line item, some of the things that are managed, I think our people have done an extremely good job at managing. Some areas are difficult to manage on a short term basis. We had a very rapid change in the economy and the revenue so while people can adjust head count in some places very quickly and they can try to manage these managed costs, we can’t exit real estate. We can’t exit computer licenses and office furniture and those sorts of things that quickly. But over time, they will adjust. Leases will roll off and computer licenses and things if we don’t need them, they’ll expire and we won’t renew them. But it takes a couple of years to get those in line. So I think as a percentage, office and general expense last year I think it was about 15.8% of revenue and this year it’s about 16.2% of revenue. I would think we’ll get them back more in line with last year. It probably takes us another year or two I would suspect.
Operator: Do the presenters have any closing comments?
John Wren: Thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
Analysts: John Janedis - Wells Fargo Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer William Bird - Bank of America Merrill Lynch James Dix - Wedbush Craig Huber - Private Investor Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) At this time, I would now like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice-President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead, sir.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2009 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our Web site both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we are going to present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation, and to point out the certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially.  We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial statements for the quarter and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren: Good morning and thanks for joining our call this morning. Third quarter results were in line with our expectations. While the recession has resulted in a significant reduction in advertising and marketing expenditures, our agencies have done a very good job adjusting costs and our service capabilities to this new environment.  Before we get into an explanation of the quarter, I would like to discuss just a few areas and what we see at the moment. On an overall basis, client spending while significantly down from 2008, is showing signs of stability. Additionally, net new business activity is robust. It’s improving and we continue to perform very well across all of our businesses. As Randy will discuss, FX, which has been negative for this quarter and for the past 12 months, is improving as we go forward as the dollar continues to weaken.  And finally, before I get into revenue, changes in our capital and debt structure have significantly strengthened our balance sheet.  Now I’d like to turn to revenue -- as I mentioned, our third quarter performance came in as we expected. Despite continued weakness in global economic growth, our performance reflects different signs of recovery by region. In Europe, both Euro and non-Euro countries remain weak, and as we go into 2010 we expect any recovery to be slow.  BRIC and other developing countries are showing signs of recovery and we are hoping for faster growth in these markets as we move forward. Growth in developed markets such as Japan and Korea remain weak, especially when compared to the rest of Asia.  And in the United States, with the exception of several sectors, client spending has stabilized and there are even a few signs of positive growth.  The sectors which continue to under-perform are the same ones we discussed in the last quarter. The auto sector -- year over year, revenue in this sector has declined 30% for us, reflecting a reduction in the scope of work we perform and reduced client spending. Sports and event marketing were also down 30% as clients eliminated discretionary spending for these areas. We are hopeful that as we get into 2010, these areas will start to recover slowly.  Recruitment advertising, which we have discussed for the last several quarters, was down 45%. And branding and design, again which are discretionary and projects can be delayed, was down 25% for the quarter.  Client spending in other areas, as I said, have stabilized and should improve as the economy improves in 2010. That, coupled with net new business activities, hopefully will help us as we move forward.  Finally, before turning the call back to Randy, given the strength of our balance sheet, I fully expect that the company will become more active and you can expect more acquisition activity from us as we move forward.  Now I’ll turn it back to Randy. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thanks, John. Well, we are clearly not happy with the state of the overall global consumer economy. We believe our agencies have done an excellent job of navigating the market challenges. On the cost side, our agencies have largely taken steps necessary to align their labor and service costs with their revenue and have done an exceptional job of managing their non-labor general operating expenses.  The area that will continue to take some time to bring into alignment is occupancy costs. While we are making progress, given the long-term nature of leases and the embedded increases inherent in most leases, this area will continue to take some work.  On the business front, new business activity is improving and our agencies are winning far more pitches than we are losing and at this point, spending levels from our existing clients is best described as generally stable with a few exceptions to the positive, which are mostly in the United States, and a few exceptions to the negative, which are mostly in Europe.  Due to the combination of continuing overall weak economic environment and the relative year-over-year strength of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies, revenue in the quarter declined 14.4% to $2.84 billion. Operating income for the quarter decreased 21% to $294.8 million. As I mentioned, on the cost side our agencies have done a good job aligning their cost structures to revenue. As a result, our operating margin for the quarter was 10.4%, down just under 90 basis points from last year, and our EBITDA margin was 12.5%, down about 55 basis points, which translates to about $16.2 million.  Adjusting for the cost of severance actions taken in the quarter, which totaled $33 million, our EBITDA margin ex severance was 13.7%, and that was down only about seven basis points from the comparable number last year. Year-to-date, severance has totaled about $102 million, and our EBITDA margin ex severance was 14.8%, which was flat with the comparable number last year.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $28.9 million. That was up about $8.2 million from last year and up about $7 million from last quarter. The increase versus last quarter was primarily the result of our issuance of the $500 million 10-year senior notes, which closed on July 1st of this quarter, offset by lower revolver and commercial paper borrowings. Versus last year, the increased interest on the new $500 million senior note was offset by lower interest on our short-term borrowings due to both lower borrowings and lower interest rates. We also earned less interest income on our cash deposits due to significantly lower interest rates and FX exchange rates bringing that interest back to the U.S. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was about 34%, bringing the year-to-date tax rate to 34.2%, up from 33.6 last year.  The aggregate result was net income for the quarter declining 22.5% to $165.6 million, and diluted earnings per share in the quarter declining about 22% to $0.53 per share. That brings the year-to-date total EPS to $1.80.  Analyzing our revenue performance a little further, while the U.S. dollar continued to weaken versus most other currencies in the quarter, on a relative year-over-year basis the dollar remained stronger. As a result, FX had a year-over-year effect of reducing our revenue for the quarter by $97.8 million, or 2.9%.  Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are, we expect FX will be positive in the fourth quarter by about 3.5% to 4%.  The change from acquisitions net of dispositions was negative $25.4 million, or about eight-tenths of 1%. That was driven primarily by the divestiture of our directory advertising business earlier in the year. And organic growth for the quarter declined $355 million, or about 10.7%, which was basically in line with our performance in the second quarter.  While almost all of our businesses have been impacted by the recession, a few areas have been impacted much more severely than others that are worth noting.  First, our recruitment marketing business, which we’ve mentioned on the last few earnings calls, was down almost 45% in the quarter and alone accounted for about 1% of our organic revenue decline. [The auto] sector as a whole was down 33% organically, or about $113 million. And our events and sports marketing businesses were down almost 30% organically, and our branding and design businesses were down about 25%.  These areas together, while accounting for about 16% of our total revenue, contributed just over half of our organic revenue decline.  As for our mix of business, brand advertising accounted for 43% of our revenue and marketing services, 57%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising declined 11.6% in the quarter, 8.4% of which was organic. And marketing services declined 16.5%, 12.4% organic.  Breaking down our marketing services revenue further, CRM was down 16.2% in the quarter, with negative organic growth of 13.6. However, similar to the second quarter, our CRM performance was significantly impacted by our events in sports marketing and our branding and design businesses. Excluding their results, CRM was down only about 8%.  Public relations was down 14.9%, 11.3% of that was organic. And specialty communications was down 19.3, with organic growth down 8.5.  After the sale of KDA, this category now consists primarily of our recruitment advertising and healthcare businesses. Recruitment advertising, as I mentioned, was down about 45% and our healthcare businesses performed actually fairly well in the quarter with positive organic growth of about 1%.  Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 52.6% U.S. and 47.4% international. In the U.S., revenue declined $227 million, or 13.2%. Acquisitions net of dispositions reduced revenue by about $29 million and organic growth was negative 11.5%, or $198 million.  As was the case in the first and second quarters, our organic revenue decline was somewhat skewed by a few isolated areas, specifically the declines in our auto business and our events, branding, and recruitment businesses accounted for about 60% of our U.S. organic revenue decline.  International revenue decreased $252 million, or about 16%. FX reduced revenue by $98 million, or 6%. Acquisitions added $3.4 million, and organic growth was negative 9.8%, or $157 million.  Internationally, we had relatively strong performances in India, China, Australia, the Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. The developed markets of Asia, specifically Japan and Korea, continue to be down and most markets across both eastern and western Europe, with the exception of France, performed below the average.  Moving to cash flow, operating cash flow for the quarter and year-to-date was very strong and our overall working capital performance has been excellent. Our primary sources of cash -- net income adjusted for stock-based compensation and then depreciation and amortization -- totaled $794 million for the nine months. Our primary uses of cash for the nine months included dividends, which totaled $140 million; capital expenditures, which totaled $93 million versus $152 million last year; acquisitions, including earn-out payments, totaled $125 million versus $389 million last year; and share repurchases net of new issuances was only $3.2 million versus $768.2 million last year.  As a result, from year-end we’ve reduced our leverage by about $432 million excluding the effects of working capital and as the next chart shows, versus September 2008 and including working capital, our gross debt was down about $820 million and our net debt was down almost $880 million. As a result of the reduction in our outstanding debt balances, our leverage ratio or total debt-to-EBITDA improved to 1.5 times as of September 30. However, with both higher gross interest expense and reduced EBITDA, our interest coverage ratio declined marginally to 13.7 times.  As I think everyone knows, during the quarter we did complete the issuance of a $500 million 10-year 6.25% senior note and we repurchased $474 million of our 2032 convertible notes also in July.  And finally from a liquidity perspective, we finished the quarter in a very strong position with cash and undrawn committed credit facilities totaling about $3 billion, and we had uncommitted facilities available totaling an additional $351 million.  With that, I am going to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of John Janedis with Wells Fargo.
John Janedis - Wells Fargo: A couple of quick questions here -- first, it seems like a lot of agencies now are chasing a handful of the auto accounts out there. I think the category was somewhere in the low teens for you back in ’08 and I’m just wondering as we think about ‘010, realizing there were going to be some moving parts for you, when do we get through the drag on organic and do you view auto as maybe somewhere in the high-single-digit range of the total once it stabilizes?
John D. Wren: Well, there is a lot of activity going on in the auto sector at the moment. As has been well-reported, we have our challenges with Chrysler, which for 2009 will contribute about 1% of our revenue, so that I believe is at risk. Having said that, we are also engaged in a number of other pitches for other auto makers and we are fully expecting to win our fair share of those pitches. So is it possible that the auto sector will continue to have a drag as we go into the next quarters? I expect so but probably to a decreasing amount as you go into 2010. 
John Janedis - Wells Fargo: Okay, and maybe one follow-up -- I think earlier in the year, John, you mentioned that you normally get around $200 million in project revenues in the fourth quarter. Obviously a lot of that didn’t come through last year but going forward, do you think project revenues outperform the overall portfolio and should we be thinking about the exposure this year as less than $100 million for this fourth quarter?
John D. Wren: We are still actually taking a very hard look, and have said this in the past too and -- a lot of the projects that we have, we really won't be able to determine the scope and the scale of them until we get into about the 10th to the 15th of November, because a lot of them are very short-cycled. And there’s a lot of discretion on the part of our client companies as to whether to go forward or to pull back, depending on what they are doing in managing their own companies for the end of the year. So at this point, there is at least that much money in projects which we have clearly identified but it’s fairly normal. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yeah, the number that you are talking about are an isolated piece of our project revenue. Those are short-term projects that generally come up in the fourth quarter, basically at the end of people’s -- I’ll say budget years. Obviously about 40% of our total revenue is project revenue in the aggregate over the course of the year. 
John Janedis - Wells Fargo: Okay. Quickly, Randy, just on the buy-back, any consideration of starting that up again?
Randall J. Weisenburger: That’s really a board decision. It is something that the board has been talking about but what and when their final decision is, I don’t know yet. 
John D. Wren: The only thing I’d add to that is as Randy mentioned, we deleveraged quite a bit year over year and looking forward, the free cash flow that the business generates will increasingly be used first for acquisitions, as it has in the past, and then to the extent that we don’t find sensible things to purchase, we will be buying back shares. 
John Janedis - Wells Fargo: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Thank you. Just first if I can follow-up on your comments on the auto category, is the weakness in auto that you saw in the quarter still really across the board or was it more pronounced in domestic? And with your relationship with Chrysler right now, are you free to participate in the pitches for the domestic auto business that is currently in review?
John D. Wren: The Detroit office of BBDO is still under contract with Chrysler and therefore it’s not available to be pitching other business at the moment. Having said that, we have an extraordinary number of unbelievably talented people who in my business experience are the hardest working people I’ve ever met and so irrespective of what the outcome is on the Chrysler account, I fully expect those people to be employed in the auto sector as we get into 2010.  So we are honoring the contract and we will see what the outcome is and hopefully there aren’t any significant changes but if -- but no matter what happens, those people are among the best that are within this company. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: And our auto revenues really are down across the globe -- I mean, I am sure there’s a few isolated markets that are less than others but generally it’s down around 30% globally. 
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: And if you look into the fourth quarter, can you give us any sense of what we might be thinking of in terms of a severance number for Q4? I assume it will trail down a little bit from what we’ve been seeing but just to reconfirm that. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it will probably -- it will certainly be less than last year but our -- I think we have tried to give some indication that we think we are going to be able to hold margins for the year, certainly inside of 100 basis points. We’ve done that each of the three quarters to date. I am very confident that we will be able to do it again in the fourth quarter. While severance is down, there will be other charges that will probably be up a little bit. 
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: With severance, do you think it will be less than what we saw in Q3?
John D. Wren: Well, we are focused more on delivering on the margin and accomplishing our other things. If it turns out that there’s a change in the business from what we see right this second, we would take severance actions as soon as we had the information. So right now, we don’t expect it to be too great a burden but -- 
Randall J. Weisenburger: It’s certainly going to be less than last year and is it going to be less than the third quarter? You know, likely but I don’t think it will be a lot less. 
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: And just last question, if you can just touch on briefly your decision to form Omnicom Digital, what was behind that thinking? And I guess how does that position you right now? 
John D. Wren: We have increasingly focused and have a -- you know, we’ve always had a pretty robust portfolio of digital assets and there’s been a significant change in the digital capabilities of all of our advertising agencies. I thought it was important to designate Jonathan Nelson who has worked with those companies for a long time and to highlight digital so we could renew our activities both in training, developing, and changing up staff in our existing companies but also expanding some of the specialty services that we can offer there. I wanted somebody to focus on it directly. 
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Thanks. So we’ve seen increased enthusiasm from the broadcasters and cable network operators in probably about the past six weeks -- can you contrast that with your discussions with some of your larger clients? And then secondly, Randy, what are your plans as you are thinking about the revolver and kind of how you expect that to fit into your view of your capital structure in the new world? Thanks. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I’ll focus on the second one and I’ll let John focus on the first -- the revolver is easy. It’s -- our revolver right now runs until June of 2011, so we have quite a bit of time to think about it. You know, the bank markets have changed dramatically from two years ago to six months ago to now. Where they are going to be six to nine months from now when we start thinking about putting a new revolver in place will likely be quite a bit different.  We’ve also changed the -- our capital structure quite significantly. A large piece of the revolver was in place really as the back-up facility to our convertible notes. We really kind of viewed it as about $2 billion of the revolver was the debt and we funded it through the converts. Those converts are down to I think about $750 million now and will likely be less than that when we go to replace the revolver. So the need for a $2.5 billion revolver really isn’t there. So maybe that will get pared back to $1.5 billion or $2 billion but we will obviously have to look and see what the market is like at the time. 
John D. Wren: And I’d have to say we’re not engaged in any robust conversations with the cable operators. Most client conversations about spending are strategic and increasingly the theme is where do we spend money, in what areas in digital and other things can we expand into, so we are not a participant in what you are suggesting, to the level that I think you suggested it. 
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Bird with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
William Bird - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: John, I was wondering if you could just talk about just the overall business and what is the biggest change you saw in the business from Q2 to Q3?
John D. Wren: I think the Q3, there hasn’t been significant changes. I think we are steadily seeing stabilization. In the beginning of the year, there was significant reductions in budgets and then there were a great deal of conversations about the reductions and scope of work that we needed in order to satisfy the clients. That was the first quarter. That started to stabilize. In the second quarter, it continued to stabilize through the third quarter.  The area of growth which shows the greatest or the fastest recovery is in Asia and the developing markets that Randy mentioned in his comments. Other than that, nothing dramatic happened during the quarter. 
William Bird - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And is there anything you can point to that you might characterize as green chutes in your business? And maybe you can talk about kind of what some of your clients are doing who are really like the leaders in their respective categories?
John D. Wren: I’m not fond of the word green chutes. I think the characterization of the marketplaces that we gave regionally reflect where we are encouraged and where we remain cautious. I can't point out anything significant that will affect the outcome of Omnicom, which stands out individually beyond that.  In terms of specific clients, we have a number of clients who are leaders in their sector who are reporting as we speak improved results and that we are under -- in conversations with them about how do they capitalize on that market share gain or the innovation that they are demonstrating in the marketplace. I’m not comfortable talking about individual clients, Bill. 
William Bird - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure, understood. And I might have missed it, but Randy, did you give a net new business number?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I didn’t but it was just under $1 billion for the quarter. 
William Bird - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Dix with Wedbush.
James Dix - Wedbush: Just a couple of questions -- on the top line, I’m just trying to get a sense of how much you are going to finish out the year on a truly stronger organic growth note as opposed to just easier comparisons versus what was going on last year. I know some of that is unclear because of the late breaking project work that you get as you reference but anymore color on that would be useful. And I guess I’ll just stop there and I’ll wait for that and ask another one. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think in general we said the business looks stable. We are going to cycle on a little bit easier comp, so last year in the fourth quarter, we were down a couple of percent. In taking our comments, you know, we thought the second quarter was the bottom, the business was down basically 10.8%. We thought Q3 was going to look a lot like Q2. It turned out to be that way. When we looked year over year, Q2 and Q3 last year were sort of pre the Lehman failure, so by -- if sequentially if Q4 is like Q3, it should improve a little bit because of the decline started last year in Q4. I don’t necessarily at this point see a lot of sequential improvement in Q4. We are seeing spots of improvement -- you know, many of those coming in the United States and as John pointed out, some of the emerging markets like Asia and Latin America. We are also seeing some other negative exceptions that I mentioned across both eastern and western Europe.  So I think that probably means most of the improvement in Q4 will be because of a little easier comp from last year. 
John D. Wren: And if I could just add one element of caution to that -- a lot of the reductions that we had in the scope of work and some of the fees that -- fee discussions didn’t occur until the beginning part of the year. The way that our business is structured, those tend to be annual events, so we are still going to face one or two more quarters where the impact of those prior discussions will be fully cycling through the business. So we are not quite through it yet. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yeah, I don’t think that will actually -- that full cycling based on what I was just describing, you know, we hit the bottom in Q2 so I don’t think that really cycles fully until Q2 of next year. 
James Dix - Wedbush: Okay, but that’s somewhat similar to what you were expecting a quarter ago I think, right?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Exactly what we were expecting a quarter ago. 
James Dix - Wedbush: Okay, so no real change there. Okay, on the cost side, just given some of the lag that you pointed out, Randy, on the adjusted real estate expense, any sense as to when you think you can actually start seeing margins which are at least flat year over year? Is that kind of wait until the second quarter of next year or does that -- I’m just trying to get a sense of how much of that drag is -- 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we probably cycle on that around Q1 of next year. 
James Dix - Wedbush: Okay, so you could actually start seeing at least margins the same year over year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yeah, I would think that’s right. 
James Dix - Wedbush: Okay and my last one just relates to the acquisitions -- John, you mentioned the acquisition opportunities. Any particular areas, disciplines, regions of particular interest or focus?
John D. Wren: Well, we are opportunistic, so always keep that in mind. Having said that, a major focus is really the Middle East, developing markets, China, India, and sensible digital extensions of our portfolio, sensibly priced digital extensions of our portfolio. Those are our major focuses at the moment. 
James Dix - Wedbush: Okay. All right, thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber, a private investor.
Craig Huber - Private Investor: Just a few questions -- I’ll start with the costs. What is your full time equivalent employees at right now? You ended last year about 68,000. And then what is your sort of -- are you at a good spot right now with the number of employees? You mentioned severance down a little bit perhaps in fourth quarter versus third, or do you think you have to right-size a little bit further?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, the headcount right now is about 63,000. The headcount gets adjusted based upon scope of work and some of the numbers can move around, depending upon where the work is at. Your headcount to revenue in some of the emerging markets is I would say a higher headcount per revenue or less revenue per headcount in some of those markets. Also in some of our field and event businesses, the revenue per headcount is on the lower side, so that headcount number is not a perfect calculation for I think what you are trying to do. We’ll continue to adjust headcount as needed agency by agency based upon their client revenues. We are going through those efforts right now, fine-tuning I’ll say the fourth quarter and going forward based upon individual agency changes. We also have other agencies that are winning business that will likely be expanding their headcount. 
Craig Huber - Private Investor: And then also a housekeeping question -- Randy, do you have handy your salary and service costs number in the quarter versus the office and general line? Or do we have to wait until the 10Q comes out?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we can give you certainly a draft number at this point -- just give me one second. Again, don’t hold me to this as a final number but I think we are dealing with about $2.05 billion for salary and service and office and general around $493 million. 
Craig Huber - Private Investor: Okay, and then you mentioned auto is down about I think 33% in the quarter. What percent of your revenue is that right now? And my other question would be the other three or four large industry sectors, how much were they down in the quarter?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let me do one caveat -- so we are basing these numbers -- we capture revenue pretty well for our top thousand clients to sort them by industry group, et cetera. So based upon -- all of these statistics are based on our top thousand. You can imagine that I think virtually every auto client is going to be in that top thousand as we get into some of the other sectors, you know, some clients might be in the lower part so it may move the numbers a little bit.  In the top thousand, auto is about 10.9% of our revenue. Some of the other categories, as I mentioned, a large category is healthcare. That was actually positive organic growth in the quarter. I don’t know -- telecommunications was down in the 15% range. Financial services was down 15% to 16% range. Food and beverage and consumer products were in the 5% or 6% range, so there was quite a variance.  And those numbers -- the other thing to keep in mind in these numbers, while this is organic growth, it takes into consideration new business wins and client losses, so it’s not just how are these industries doing or how are their spending levels doing -- it takes into consideration a lot of different things, so it’s really our performance in these sectors, which is both the client spending as well as new business wins and losses. 
Craig Huber - Private Investor: And then lastly, if I could, was there much difference by month for the organic revenue fall-off in the quarter versus the 10.7% for the whole quarter? And also, how is October tracking, if you have a sense?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don’t have any numbers for October and throughout the quarter, it pretty much tracked month to month pretty regular, pretty steady. 
Craig Huber - Private Investor: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley :   Going back to your comment about conversations with top clients and thinking strategically about the next quarter and maybe the next year or so, are there -- I’m sure it varies by category but are there particular macro indicators that management teams are focused on that will make them feel more comfortable about being aggressive with spending again? I’m thinking unemployment maybe is one that would be particularly important to them.  And then, you had mentioned in your opening remarks that the U.S. market had stabilized and you had seen some pockets of growth. I know healthcare was up but was there anything else in the domestic market you would highlight as showing some signs of life?
John D. Wren: I was referring to healthcare when I made that comment. There’s a lot of stabilization going on in the -- except for the sectors that we mentioned. It would be hard to -- I don’t have the data right in front of me so I don’t know if you do. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, on some of the sectors -- I mean, obviously in dealing with or seeing some of our larger clients, some of them seem like they are more aggressively spending. What is behind that, I’m certainly not 100% privy to. I’m watching their earnings releases as well. Some of those companies seem to be performing pretty well, both on a revenue and a profit line. As John mentioned, we don’t really like to mention client names specifically. A lot of you know certainly who some of our top clients are and some of them have reported earnings recently that are -- have been very strong.  Other sectors -- you know, as sectors, even the financial services sector seemed like their earnings are coming out stronger than a lot of people had expected. 
John D. Wren: I would only add to the earlier point of your question -- unemployment and the level of unemployment and the health of the consumer remains a concern to every client that I have a conversation with and that will I believe continue until we start to see a change in employment. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: And you had mentioned acquisitions. I was wondering, you sold an agency earlier this year -- if there was anything else within your portfolio -- maybe discipline or even if you want to be more vague about it, are you looking at any portfolio restructuring beyond just going out and looking for digital extensions in developing markets? Any businesses within Omnicom today that may not be “strategic” as you look forward?
Randall J. Weisenburger: To a small extent, the answer is always. There’s -- you know, we do small dispositions periodically. They don’t generally move the needle significantly. They are certainly not as big from a revenue standpoint as the directory business that we sold. But periodically, either the management of the agency or for whatever strategic reason, we bought the agency, you know, there’s not a fit and we’ll dispose of it. But those are fairly rare. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler with Credit Suisse.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think this will be our last question as well, as we are moving on here. 
Operator: All right, very good. And Mr. Stabler, your line is open. 
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: I have a question about the fee negotiation cycle. We understand that through the downturn, some clients elected to shorten the cycle, citing their own poor visibility into their operating results. I’m wondering if you feel you are going to see a snap back on that, that those clients will be more comfortable committing to annual contracts and consequently whether your visibility might improve going forward? And then secondly, just quickly, if you could comment on new business from a geographical perspective, is Europe, U.K., performing in line with the U.S. and the other regions? Thanks very much. 
John D. Wren: Sure. Most of the changes in fee were accompanied by a reduction in scope of services that we were performing for clients. There’s no wholesale answer to your question. Each particular client and their needs and the way they are approaching the marketplace is different. So from a macro point of view, I believe that most of those conversations occurred much earlier this year and they are no longer the topic of conversation with our significant clients.  I fully expect as things improve the scope of services that we perform will again start to expand but I don’t have any general answer to your question. It’s going to be client by client, market by market.  In terms of new business, we are performing well virtually everywhere. Europe, the U.K., Europe has been very strong throughout the first nine months of this year and there’s a number of new business opportunities which are currently being pitched which I am very hopeful that we become the winner of. So new business and when there is new business opportunities, we generally perform very, very well. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: As far as overall revenue performance, part of the reason we’ve broken out some of these -- I’ll say specialty areas or some of these areas that got impacted a little bit more significantly than others, many of them are concentrated for us in the United States, like our recruitment business is predominantly a domestic business. Those businesses were hurt much more significantly. Our events business for us is heavily weighted to the United States. We back those things out of the United States and we compare the similar businesses in Europe, the U.S. is performing or has performed in the last quarter better than Europe. As we mentioned, the Asian markets and some of the developing markets are certainly outperforming all of them but western and most of eastern Europe versus the United States, like-for-like business, the U.S. is performing better. 
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: And could you comment quickly on whether the traditional advertising segment was punished more by those segments you called out, particularly auto, then CRM?
John D. Wren: No, I mean, if you go through those four segments pretty quickly, auto, a significant component part was what we’d call general media advertising. There was a large CRM component to those reductions as well. Recruitment advertising is a specialty business, so it stands by itself. Sports and event marketing falls in CRM, not advertising, and I’ve now forgotten the fourth one. That’s not a good sign. 
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: PR.
John D. Wren: PR is a standalone, again not general advertising, a specialty practice. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Today, an awful lot of our digital business is being done in the I’ll say traditional category, so our -- it’s one of the -- I don’t want to say flaws in our system. We believe digital is really a medium and all of our agencies need to have a digital component. Our traditional agencies now have a significant piece of their revenue is so-called digital and that is stable to growing.  Overall, our traditional business has performed above average in the group, so their organic growth rates or organic growth declines are less than our average decline, or the Omnicom number combined. 
Peter Stabler - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Did you wish to conclude then the question-and-answer session?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think that will be it. Thank you all very much. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T’s executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger -- EVP and CFO John Wren -- President and CEO
Analysts: Jason Helfstein -- Oppenheimer Alexia Quadrani -- JPMorgan Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein Craig Huber -- Barclays Scott Webermann -- Goldman Sachs Benjamin Swinburne -- Morgan Stanley John Janedis -- Wells Fargo James Dix -- Wedbush Meggan Friedman -- William Blair
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) At this time, I would now like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice-President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead, sir.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2009 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted to our Web site both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we are going to present this morning. This call is being simulcast and will be archived on our Web site as well. Before we start I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation. And to point out the certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for the quarter and then both John and I will be happy to take questions at the end.
John Wren: Good morning and thanks for joining our conference call this morning. Given the continued economic downturn, our agency has done a very good job adjusting to the environment. Despite pressure on our top line, I believe we are very well-positioned going forward. The revenue decline in the second quarter was slightly greater than we had anticipated with the greatest pressure occurring in just a few areas. The decline correlates closely to industry sectors under stress and the elimination of discretionary projects and events in individual countries where GDP remains negative. The organic growth decline was pressured by a couple of areas. Automotive was down more than we had anticipated in part because of the reduction caused by the Chrysler bankruptcy although we did see declines in all of our automotive client spending. In several specialty businesses and areas continued to decline. Our recruitment business which we discussed in prior quarters still remains under pressure and will for the next several quarters. Our Yellow Page business which we discussed many times in the past was finally sold but late in the quarter, so it impacted organic growth a bit. Our events in sports marketing businesses were down reflecting as you might anticipate reduction in client spending in these areas. And finally, our not for profit business decline reflecting a reduction in charitable activities. These reductions will take some time to recover. But turning to our core business, organic growth was down about 5.5% during the quarter and that is purely a reflection of a reduction in consumer activity in most the economies around the world. At this point with the exception of those specialty businesses, I believe that the top line pressure has stabilized and while top line growth will still take several quarters to achieve we expect modest economic growth going into 2010 and new business activity will benefit the company. From a cost perspective our agencies have done an excellent job in adjusting to the reset in the economic environment and we are well positioned for any turnaround in the economy when it comes. I am encouraged especially by discussions that I have had primarily in the last six weeks to eight weeks with major global advertisers and I expect that new business opportunities in the second half of this year will exceed prior year activity. At this point I will turn this over to Randy who will go through this in a lot more detail and then we will be available to answer your questions. Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks, John. It is safe to say this is a very interesting quarter. While we continued to broadly experience pressure to our top line due to the global recession, it appears that revenue levels have for the most part stabilized and other than a couple of isolated areas that were more negatively impacted than we had anticipated which we will talk about a little more later. Our agencies broadly performed in line or better than we expected. I also think our agencies have done an exceptional job taking the appropriate actions necessary to adjust their cost structures to reflect current revenue levels and market conditions which I believe will position as well going forward. Due to the combination of the continuing overall weak economic environment and the strong U.S. dollar relative to Q2 of last year our revenue declined 17.4% to 2.87 billion. Operating income for the quarter decreased 23% to 398 million. With that, we were largely able to offset the decrease in revenue with aggressive cost actions that began in Q4 of last year and continued through Q2 of this year. These actions, while properly positioning the company for the future have added substantial one-time cost particularly with respect to severance. As a result, our operating margin for the quarter was 13.9% down just under 100 basis points from last year. And our EBITDA margin for the quarter was down about 65 basis points. That translates to about $19 million. Adjusting for the cost of severance actions taken in the quarter which total about $32 million, our EBIT margin was 15% down 40 basis points from the comparable number last year and our EBITDA margin again ex-severance was 17% which was down only about 10 basis points. Year-to-date severance has totaled about $70 million and our EBIT margin ex-severance was 13.3%, down 30 basis points and our EBITDA margin ex-severance was 15.4% which was about flat for the same period. So all in, we believe our agencies have done an excellent job of rapidly adjusting the cost structures to get them along with current market conditions, they have also done an extremely good job of controlling their current discretionary spending levels. Net interest expense for the quarter was $21.9 million, which was up $3.2 million from last year and up about a $0.5 million from the first quarter. The increase versus Q2 of 2008 was primarily the result of having to make supplemental interest payments on our 2,032 notes in July of last year and a decrease in the interest earned on our foreign cash balances combined with the negative FX impact on those earnings. Versus last quarter, the increase was primarily due to lower interest earned on our foreign cash balances. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was 34.5% bringing the year-to-date tax rate up to 34.3%, which is up a bit from 33.7% last year. The increase in the tax rate was primarily due to two one-time discrete tax events in Europe that occurred in the quarter. One negative and one positive. The aggregate result of all of this was net income for the quarter declining 24% to $233.4 million and diluted earnings per share in the quarter declined 21% to $0.75 per share bringing the year-to-date total EPS to $1.27. Now, analyzing our revenue performance a bit further. As everyone is aware most major currencies were weaker versus the U.S. dollar compared to the second quarter of 2008. That cause a significant negative FX impact. In the quarter, $235 million or about 6.8% of our revenue decline was the result of FX. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are we expect FX will be negative between 3% and 4% in Q3 and will turn to be positive between 1.5% and 2.5% in Q4. Growth from acquisitions, net of dispositions added about $5.6 million to our revenue in the quarter or about 2/10th of 1%. We did complete three smallish acquisitions in the quarter, a research agency in China, a media agency that will add to the global network of PHD in Australia, and a full service agency in South Africa which has been the longstanding associate agency of the DDB in the market. Also as John mentioned late in the quarter we finally completed the divestiture of our yellow pages or directory business. Organic growth declined 10.8%, which was about $50 million more than we had anticipated going into the quarter. While almost all of our businesses have been impacted by the recession to some extent, a few areas have been impacted more severally that are worth noting. First, a recruitment marketing business that we talked about for a couple of quarters now was down almost 45% in the quarter and alone accounted for almost 1% of our organic revenue decline. The auto sector as a whole was down 30% organically or about a $105 million. The auto sector was down more than we anticipated driven in part by further reductions at Chrysler while they were in bankruptcy. Our events and sports marketing businesses were also down, almost 40% organically or about $65 million. This is also a bit more than we anticipated. And our not for profit marketing businesses which is a group were down about 40% in the quarter. These areas, the special areas in total account for about 16.5% of our revenues in Q2 of 2008 and in the quarter and Q2 of this year accounted for almost half of our total organic revenue decline. At this point while we don't see these areas rebounding quickly they do appear to have stabilized. Our remaining business areas which account for 83.5% of our revenue are performing fairly well given the economic environment with organic growth rates down only about 5.5%. As for a mix of business, brand advertising accounted for 44.6% of our revenue and marketing services 55.4%. As for their respective growth rates, brand advertising declined 15.5% in the quarter, 8.3% organically, and marketing and services declined 18.9% of which 12.8% was organic. Breaking down our marketing services revenue further, CRM was down 18.7% with negative organic growth of 12.6%. However, within this category our performance was very mixed. Specifically, our events and sports marketing businesses and our not for profit businesses as I mentioned were impacted very significantly. Both of these areas being down almost 40% organically. Excluding their results CRM was down about 8%. Public relations was down 18.5% or 11.8% organic and specialty communications, the tougher sector was down 20% with organic growth down 14.7%. Again, this category includes among others specialty media, recruitment advertising and our healthcare businesses. Specialty media which is primarily our directory, our yellow pages business, as I mentioned given the lack of strategic fit late in the quarter, we finally completed the divestitures. As a result the second quarter reflects only two months of the directory business results. Recruitment advertising probably are most economically sensitive business as I mentioned, was down almost 45% in the quarter and our healthcare businesses had mixed performance. Some doing very well and others less so depending upon their specific client assignments. But overall, the sector performed well with organic revenue down only about 2%. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 53.1% U.S. and 46.9% international. In the United States, revenue declined 227 million or 12.9%. Acquisitions net of dispositions reduced revenue by about a million dollars or a little bit less than 1/10 of 1% and organic growth was negative 12.9% or about $226 million. As I previously mentioned, there were a couple areas of business that had a disproportionate impact on our results in the quarter. Of those, our recruitment marketing and not for profit marketing businesses as well as our Chrysler business are almost exclusively in the United States and our events business is weighted more heavily towards the United States as well. Together, those businesses accounted for about half of our U.S. organic revenue decline. International revenue decreased 379 million or about 22%, FX reduced revenue by 235 million or 13.6%, acquisitions added $6.5 million to our revenue, and organic growth was negative 8.8% or about a $151 million. Internationally, we had relatively strong performances in India, China, the Middle East and Latin America while the developed markets of Asia, including Japan and Korea continued to be down sharply and western Europe was mixed, with the UK, France and Germany performing better than average while the other western European markets as well as the developing markets of eastern Europe performed below average. Operating cash flow for the quarter and year-to-date was strong. And our overall working capital performance has been extremely good. I mentioned last quarter we have experienced considerable added working capital pressure due to the overall economic environment and credit environment. However, in response, we have redoubled our own efforts. I am happy to say that due to the considerable efforts on the part of our agencies globally we have more than held our ground to-date and our bad debt losses have been minimal. Our primary sources of cash. Net income adjusted for stock-based compensation and depreciation and amortization totaled $547 million for the first six months. Our primary uses of cash were dividends which totaled 93.5 million. Capital expenditures which totaled 63 million versus 93 million last year. Acquisitions including earn out payments totaled $61 million versus $210 million last year and share repurchases net of new issuances was only $3 million this year versus $344 million for the first half of last year. As a result, we have reduced our overall leverage by about $325 million since the end of last year. As for operating leverage ratios EBITDA to gross interest was down from last year due to the combination of higher gross interest and the decline in EBITDA. However, it remains very strong at 14.2 times and total debt-to-EBITDA improved to 1.4 times given the reduction in our debt balances. It is also worth noting that on July 1st, we completed the issuance of $500 million of 10-year senior notes. We were able to issue those notes at an all end rate of about 6.44% which at the time was a 10-year treasury's plus 275 basis points, plus about 10 basis points in issuance cost. Net proceeds from the issuance were used primarily to repay amounts outstanding under revolving credit facility. We have also included a pro forma cap table as of June 30th on page 12 and a summary term sheet of the issuance on page 13 of the investor presentation. And finally from a liquidity perspective, we finished the quarter in a very strong position with cash and undrawn committed credit facilities totaling just over $2.7 billion and we had uncommitted facilities available totaling an additional $380 million. With that, now I will open the call for any questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And our first question this morning comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein -- Oppenheimer:  Hi, thanks. One slightly longer one and then a shorter one. So historically advertising is a two year cycle with respect to the economy. Since 2009 is the trough with respect to GDP, then in 2010 total advertising marketing presumably should grow in line of modestly below GDP and then outperform in 2011. That's a long term trend. So and then in the interim year which is 2010, typically marketing services direct marketing outperforms branded so I guess as you are thinking about this recession and the recovery, is there any reason to think there is a paradigm shift relative to these historical patterns why marketing services and direct response wouldn't outperform branded advertising in 2010 and then obviously you are seeing some of your specialty businesses particularly weak so the question is once you get passed those difficult compares or once you get pass that those declines do you expect your marketing services business to accelerate relative to branded advertising? And I have got one quick follow-up
John Wren: This time around is different than every time you get into an economic downturn, it changes a bit. But, sitting here today, I fully expect that your thesis will hold as you get into next year and then beyond. The difference will be our individual performance as new business opportunities come up and what impact they will have.
Randall Weisenburger: I think you are also seeing a little bit more blending in some of the reported numbers. Integrated marketing and the way the revenues are being reported and where they are being generated is slightly different than it was probably 10 years ago.
Jason Helfstein -- Oppenheimer:  Okay. And then just a question on the margins. Obviously you guys are very impressive expense control in the quarter. Any reason why you will not be hold cost flat as we move into the back half of the year which presumably should drive margins even further?
Randall Weisenburger: We said before that we think we should be able to hold margins inside of 100 basis points decline from last year. We still think we are able to do that, even with the organic growth where it is at.
Jason Helfstein -- Oppenheimer:  Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question in from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani -- JPMorgan:  Thank you. Thank you, Randy, for all the detail you gave us on organic revenue growth in the quarter. I just have a couple of follow-ups on that. Can you give us any sense really on what is really one-time-ish in the quarter, meaning the impact on Chrysler of the bankruptcy, the yellow pages business. I am trying to get a sense if we should see the similar level decline in Q3 and organic revenue versus Q2 and then also any color on how maybe the organic revenue decline progressed throughout the quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: At this point, Alexia, Chrysler did contribute because there was a mandate during the two month period where there was a one-off reduction in our fee income during that period whilst they were in bankruptcy. What do we see? Automotive, there has been a real reduction in activity and a reduction in our labor force and the scope of work that we are required to do. That will take some time to come back in the aggregate. It will come back over time but it will be it. And the worse should have been the second quarter of this year but there is still some challenges ahead.
John Wren: I think some of the areas that we highlighted, as I mentioned, I don't see rebounding quickly. Events I see those being down, events was hurt by auto and events in general. The auto sector which was down about 30% for us as a category, I don't see the auto sector rebounding quickly in the second half. I hope I am wrong, but I don't see that, I don't read any reports. Doesn't seem like the auto companies think that. Obviously, Chrysler may be a bit better but I think it is still very early in that process and Chrysler is only one of our auto accounts, the whole sector is down. And recruitment advertising again I certainly don't see that picking up in the next, three months or four months. Obviously as we cycle on these numbers, year-over-year, that will be improvement. And I think with the new business activity, our success is already in the first half of the end of last year. I think we will start seeing some of that come through in the second half of this year, which gives us a bit of confidence that the second quarter is probably the low point. But, off of that what sort of a reset of the second quarter I think the threshold to measure from.
Alexia Quadrani -- JPMorgan:  Was June significantly worse than the beginning of the quarter or not necessarily?
Randall Weisenburger: No. I mean, we saw this pressure through the whole entire quarter.
John Wren: The big step change from Q1 was sort of the full quarter effect of a lot of fee adjustments and statement of work adjustments that occurred in the first quarter and into the second quarter. So that pretty much rolled through the entire quarter.
Alexia Quadrani -- JPMorgan:  And with regard to severance should we assume it will be a little bit more modest in Q3?
John Wren: Yes. Most of our actions at this point given the level of business have been taken. There is some anticipated severance in the third quarter. And we believe that we have done a very good job of identifying those areas where we can take action. So you should see a far more modest than the third quarter. And hopefully then we are close to done.
Alexia Quadrani -- JPMorgan:  And just a last question, on use of cash, what are your priorities I guess for use of cash in this market. When do you think will you might see the share buy back resume and what your appetite is for acquisitions right now?
John Wren: Well, we are well positioned for acquisitions. I think our capital structure is the best in the industry. Our balance sheet certainly is. And we have been very conservative as you know with cash. At this point any sensibly priced acquisition would be prepared to do. And then we are looking at several areas of opportunities. In terms of cash buy back, that something we discussed with the board. We will use our cash in the future as we have done historically. First, we look to acquisitions and then as we generate excess cash flow that's not needed to service debt or other needs, we will look to buy back shares, but I don't see a pick up in that activity in the next three months or four months.
Alexia Quadrani -- JPMorgan:  Thank you very much.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks. I have a couple on cost for Randy. Randy, can you give me a sense of what was severance last year in this quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, we are going to scramble and look for numbers. Give me just one second. I think it was about $15 million. $16 million.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  And then one other question we have is you guys had a ton of costs this quarter, almost $500 million, what percentage of the cost reduction was translation based from the currency decline, was it similar to the change in revenues, is that the way to think about it?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, it pretty much flows through this, probably a little bit of difference, but it would be pretty marginal.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. And then on incentive comp this quarter, what was the change in your incentive comp accruals year-over-year. Was that a big factor again cost down this quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: It was not. Hold on one second. We will find that number.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  Okay.
Operator: And actually we did lose the host there as well so probably be just a few moments here to reestablish that line. And again, thanks for standing by. We are just reestablishing our host line. And thank you so much. We do have your line back in the conference at this time.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. It wasn't that tough a question I wanted to cut you off. It was about $10 million in the quarter. Hello?
Operator: Yes. You are in. Sir, I am sorry that we did have to close this line. It will be just a moment to reopen it. Sir, if you could just re-queue as well by pressing the * then one.
Randall Weisenburger: You're talking to me.
Operator: No, the questioner. We lost him when we answered your line.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  Am I back on?
Randall Weisenburger: Okay, you are back on.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks, Randy.
Randall Weisenburger: Sorry about that. We don't know what happened.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  It's hung up on me.
Randall Weisenburger: The question wasn't that tough.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  So, basically most of the cost savings in employment were heads, your jobs severed and the benefit from those reductions.
John Wren: Real adjustments to our cost basis.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  And then lastly let me just play devil's advocate. Listened to (inaudible) this morning, they were slightly more negative on the first half of 2010. And if we are in a situation with first half of '010 is still negative organically with a better second half. Do you think an environment is one where margins can grow and remain so much stable or if this is a multiyear decline in organic revenues, do you think there will be problems in maintaining margin strength this year?
Randall Weisenburger: No. But let me comment a little bit on the organic piece, which I think is kind of the case. Basically, been a reset. And I will say organic revenue or revenues, it is a pretty significant step down. I think Q2 is, we are pretty confident is the low point. And the step between Q1 and Q2 was meaningful, so if from these levels our new business activity actually generate positive organic growth off of the sequential quarters off of Q2 but get the year-over-year organic growth would be very difficult given the size of the step down until you get to Q2 of next year, possibly Q1, but that's pretty close. As far as margins go, we have certainly done what we can to adjust our cost structures which is quickly largely labor and discretionary cost based. The more fixed cost or semi fixed cost. Things like real estate, infrastructure cost. We are doing what we can to get those costs readjusted as well but that certainly takes more time. And we have to balance incentives with I will say a rebound in margins because obviously, in this time period, I would have to say that most the people in our agencies are probably working even harder than they ever had to work in making more sacrifices and likely in the current environment because of incentives get paid, somewhat less money. So we have to keep that in mind as well and reward them as the business comes back also. So it's a bit of a balance.
Michael Nathanson -- Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks, guys.
Operator: Great, thank you. We have a question from the line of Craig Huber with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber -- Barclays:  Yes, good morning, thank you. First question, the yellow pages business you guys one you were able to sell, just people can adjust the models, probably would you be willing to just give us what the annual revenues are and what the margins are like?
Randall Weisenburger: Margins were pretty low when we sold it. Annual revenues were around $100 million.
Craig Huber -- Barclays:  It was slightly positive the margins?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes.
Craig Huber -- Barclays:  Okay. And then secondly most quarters you give out relative quarter you give out your net new billings and your winnings in the marketplace, usually targets about a billion dollars, what was that number in the second quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: I think it was $938 million.
Craig Huber -- Barclays:  Okay. And then historically, your company has been generally unwilling to do large even medium size acquisitions and there are decent medium size acquisition out there in the states right now. Do you have any interest of going out of your comfort zone, the small acquisitions?
Randall Weisenburger: We never had a problem against larger to medium size acquisitions. We have a problem against expensive dilutive acquisitions. So, it is not a size issue, we are out for our shareholders, not the seller's shareholders. And so, if we can find acquisitions that are fairly priced at fit well with our existing businesses and client based, we are more than interested.
Craig Huber -- Barclays:  Back a little bit on. Why are you relatively comfortable thinking in the third quarter year-over-year organic revenue decline, probably won't be as severe as a 10.8% number you had in the second quarter. What some factors are the investors to think about?
John Wren: At this point it's been based upon a review of what we anticipate revenue to be across large geographies and disciplines. Again, we don't see a recovery. What we are saying is that we should have hit the trough in the second quarter of this year. It's going to take couple of quarters before we cycle on that and take couple of quarters before growth returns.
Craig Huber -- Barclays:  Is there anything else you can point to maybe if selling this under performing yellow page business do you think will help the third quarter so it won't be down as severe as the second quarter number?
Randall Weisenburger: There is a handful of small things. Chrysler revenues while they were in bankruptcy were further reduced, the business that you mentioned is a relatively small number than new business activity that we had at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, starts to have a positive impact. And it looks to us that for the most part, we have gone through certainly the bulk of changes and it seems like the project activity probably hit a low point, we believe hit a low point in the first half of the year and think there is opportunities for some recovery, not a lot of recovery, but a bit of recovery, certainly not getting any worse in the second half.
Craig Huber -- Barclays:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Webermann [ph] with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Scott Webermann -- Goldman Sachs:  Yes, thanks for taking the question. Two if I may. One if you could just give us an update on client fee negotiations, have we cycled through those or clients still pushing back on fees? And then secondly if you could just give us any update on the July 2032 convertible bonds. I believe those are potable in about a week, just curious if you guys have had any discussions with bondholders and how you are thinking about that? Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: First one. Repeat the first part again, I am sorry.
Scott Webermann -- Goldman Sachs:  Just on the client negotiations on fees.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, there are always negotiations going on with some clients in the 5,000 client base that we have. I'd say that most of those conversations occurred in the first half really in the first four months of the year, where we have adjusted in many instances, not only the fees, but the scope of work that we have to perform against those fees. So, most of that is finished. There are always going to be one-off switch or exception to the rule.
John Wren: From the bond standpoint, the bond is potable at the end of July. We have not had discussions with bond holders. We are currently evaluating the right economic answer to potentially offer as a supplemental interest payment to bond holders. I don't know that the bond holders will accept it. Obviously, we have the revolver, a large piece of the revolver, earmarked to replace those bonds if they put back to us, that revolver for people that that aren't immediately aware of it. (inaudible) in 2011 so it's a good replacement. Our challenges, borrowings under the revolver, we borrow right now at between half of 1% and say 6/10 of 1%. It's at 30A LIBOR plus 17 basis points. That alone would not be sufficient to keep the converts outstanding. There are some other economic benefits for potentially keeping the converts outstanding for another year. So we are debating offering a supplemental interest payment certainly larger than half of 1% what the number is, we are not sure yet, we will put out an announcement some time in the beginning of next week.
Scott Webermann -- Goldman Sachs:  That's great, thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne -- Morgan Stanley:  Thanks, good morning. You talked on the prepared remarks about core revenue declines or core business declining 5.5% organically if you could just clarify exactly what's in that, what excluded for core and then more interestingly how did that trend, what was the trend in the first quarter and do you also expect as you commented that 2Q would be the bottom for organic declines overall, is that for the case with this core organic number? And then I have one follow up.
Randall Weisenburger: I didn't quite phrase it as core. What I said is we had a few areas. Four that I mentioned that were more severely down. So severely down or disproportionately down that I thought it was worth analyzing them and then talking about the two pieces of businesses. So, it wasn't, auto is one the sectors that I carved out.
Benjamin Swinburne -- Morgan Stanley:  I got you.
Randall Weisenburger: Clearly core piece of business for us and cut across many of our disciplines. But the areas that I outline was recruitment marketing which I would argue is not core. It was down about 45% in the quarter. The auto sector as a whole which is about 13% of our revenue, it was down 30% organically. Our events and sports marketing business was down about 65 million or 40% organically, and our not for profit marketing business which I would probably argue is not core, was down about 40% in the quarter. So those four sectors accounted for about 16.5% of our business in Q2 of 2008. And since they were down pretty heavily, obviously they didn't account for 16.5% of our business this year. But that group accounted for almost half of our total organic decline. And the remaining 83.5% of our business was only down 5.5%. I didn't do that analysis for Q1. It would have been a similar result.
Benjamin Swinburne -- Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And then if I could just ask on a couple of categories. You did say that auto would be tough for a while. But I was wondering if the cash for clunkers program at all is big enough to matter with (inaudible) will have ad spend associated with it over the next couple months? And then I don't know if you have a view on the retailers, how big your retail exposure has been. Any body language or tone or conversation with those advertisers around the holidays, back to school, Christmas, would be interesting as well?
John Wren: I don't think the cash for clunkers going to move our revenue line very much as that project goes into effect now. Hopefully, it will benefit the auto companies which will have a longer term impact on their confidence and spending. So I don't see anything moving out our needle. And Randy is looking for the data on the second point.
Randall Weisenburger: Retail was down pretty good in the quarter, about 15 -- we could pick it offline.
John Wren: Retail is actually up for us in the quarter. I have to dig behind why was probably a combination of new business as well as the performance in the sectors all.
Benjamin Swinburne -- Morgan Stanley:  Got you. Okay. Thanks.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Janedis with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Janedis -- Wells Fargo:  Hi, thank you. Randy, just a bit of a follow up to an earlier comment you made. I'm wondering when organic revenue ultimately turns positive, can you maybe share your thoughts on the margin opportunity here? So assuming it's the margin decline and that 100 basis point range on organic, down in the high single this year. I'm just trying to understand if there is, there is a lot of investment in people to be made or if you can get the margin all back and more in a recovery year. Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: Not sure I understand the question fully.
John Wren: I am not sure I fully understand it either. Our margins are somewhat depressed by the severance cost that we have to take. The severance cost in and of themselves won't repeat if business is growing again. So there is a bit of a benefit there. We did record and we have been recording some incentives probably, the incentives we have been recording is reflective of the business performance that we see unit by unit. When there is a recovery in growth coming back our incentives cost will increase from where they are now. So as we get to positive growth we will able to restore our margins.
Randall Weisenburger: In general, we think our 2007, 2008 margins, EBITDA margins are pretty good margins where we are able to invest pretty heavily in our own business and developing the business, growing the business for organic growth. Attract and retain the best talent. And generating a great return for shareholders and a good return on capital. I don't see a recovery automatically accelerating margins past those levels. Obviously if we were in a very significant I will say boom period, more like in the 2,000 time frame, margins were up another 100 basis points or so from those 2007 levels, I guess I don't anticipate 2,000 economic environment coming back quickly.
John Janedis -- Wells Fargo:  Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. We have the next question from the line of James Dix with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
James Dix -- Wedbush:  Good morning, gentlemen. Just two questions. First, looking at 2010, are there any particular items of your business which we expect clearly to bounce back stronger, either because of the easier comp against the new level business which has been reset or something else that you are seeing. And then, Randy, just a follow up on your point on regaining. It sounds like you think you can regain the 2007, 2008 level of margins, be in the investible time horizon. Do you see the same for regaining, the level of organic growth you had at that time or do you think it's going to be harder to get back to the 2007, 2008, level of organic growth than margins?
John Wren: Well, I think we are experiencing a reset and in our case, some of the specialty businesses that we have more negatively impacted us than the general economic environment that we face. We will cycle through on those businesses as we get into next year. Overall, looking forward, historically, our businesses, we have been able to grow slightly better than GDP. And I would fully anticipate that as you move into 2010, we will reflect our historic performances as we move forward from revenue point of view. I don't see any single sector exploding in a way to impact the numbers very, very significantly. It's going to be an overall reflection of our portfolio and the diversity of clients that we have around the world.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's certainly right, the digital space, the sector growth rates that probably occurred in 2007, 2008, digital was faster growth, emerging markets are faster growth. Digital overall is a harder and harder thing to capture. Our view is that digital affects all of our businesses and it's really ingrained, Jason's early point about some of these things is integrated marketing really has changed the way some of these numbers are being collected versus what they were a few years ago. But those digital trends are very positive for us and we think they will continue.
James Dix -- Wedbush:  Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. I think we have got time for one more question, assuming there is one more question out there.
Operator: Yes, we do have a question in queue and it comes from the line of Meggan Friedman with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Meggan Friedman -- William Blair:  Hi, thanks for taking my question. If you can provide a little more color on how you are handling the client request for renegotiations. Can you maybe put this into a historical perspective just the worst you have ever seen in such a concentrated time period and how should we be thinking about this impacting the industry structurally if at all.
John Wren: I can't speak. I should be able to speak for the industry, but I can speak or Omnicom. In most instances, where, as I said, most of these conversations occurred in the first four months of this year, they are not an everyday discussion item at this point in the year. Most of the declines were accompanied by scope reductions where the amount of work that we were required to do, decreased because of clients reduced spending. You see that reflected in the severance actions that we've taken. In most cases, with very few exceptions, we don't have a 100% of clients spend when you go through our 5,000 clients. In most cases, where clients are looking for efficiencies or looking for other ways to save. The conversation is accompanied by, can you give us additional parts of the business which we are not currently servicing in order to make any overall reduction in activity more efficient for both you the client and for us. So, there is an ongoing dialogue. Even where there is an affirmative response to that it sometimes takes months to get that base and to transition it over, so the process is slow. I think given the portfolio of companies we have, the quality of the companies that we have, in most cases, we are successful when we sit down and have those kinds of conversations.
Meggan Friedman -- William Blair:  Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call. And if we missed any questions we will be happy to try to answer them offline as well. Thank you all very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts: Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Barclays Capital Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. John Janedis – Wachovia Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley Dan Salmon – BMO Capital Markets Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse  Meggan Friedman – William Blair and Company Thomas Singlehurst – Citi  
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Omnicom first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2009 earnings call. We hope everyone had a chance to review the earnings release. We've also posted it to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we’re going to present this morning. This call is being simulcast and will be archived on our website as well. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on page one of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events and results may differ materially. We’re going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions at the end. 
John D. Wren: Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call. Given the global economic downturn, our first quarter performance was in line with our expectations. As all of you have seen, revenue for the quarter declined 14% or $448 million to $2.75 billion. The decline is attributable to the significant strengthening of the US dollar which resulted in 7.8% of this reduction and organic growth decline of 6.6% or $210 million in the quarter.  The decline correlates closely to industry sectors in distress and individual countries where GDP is negative and finally the elimination of discretionary projects and events by some of our clients. Regionally, the decline was suffered most in developed countries—the US, Europe, Japan, and Korea. Our revenue performance was strong in most emerging markets—the Middle East, China, India, and Brazil. In the US, the decline was negatively affected because of our mix of business by the reduction in spending at Chrysler and three other units which are really US based—our recruitment advertising business and our specialty media businesses.  Evaluating revenue by sector, the largest decline was in automotive. Other sectors had less significant decline as projects were eliminating, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, health care, travel, technology, and telecommunications. The revenue declines were partially offset by aggressive cost actions which we started in the fourth quarter of 2008. Those actions included reducing our staff to reflect our ongoing current needs, reduction in discretionary expenditures, reduction in incentive costs, and offsetting that increasing expenses for the quarter was an increase in severance-related expenditures. Despite the cuts, management continues to invest in training and development of our staff, and our agencies are well positioned to deliver exceptional creative products to our clients as we go forward. As Randy said, we’ll answer any specific questions you may have after his remarks, but looking forward, our views haven’t changed much since our last conference call. As the pace of the economic decline finds a bottom, we do believe companies will focus on revenue growth and start investing or reinvesting in their brands. We’re also hopeful that the massive stimulus spending by most governments should start to have a positive impact in the fourth quarter of this year and the first half of next year.  Our new business wins have been strong in this period. We’ve been able to win more whenever we have to the opportunity to pitch, and those gains should start to reflect in our numbers I think the second half of this year. Our cost actions have also been timely, and they really should provide us with some flexibility as conditions improve.  With that, I think I’ll turn it over to Randy, and then we’ll come back and answer questions. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: It’s certainly been an interesting couple of quarters. The breadth and depth of the economic recession has obviously been challenging for everyone. Fortunately, the vast majority of our agencies have risen to the challenge, making the difficult decisions necessary to position their agencies for the future, while continuing to deliver exceptional service and creativity to their clients. However, due to the combination of the overall economic environment and the significant change that occurred in FX rates at the end of last year, revenue decline in the quarter $448.8 million to $2.75 billion. That was a decrease of 14%, of which approximately 7.8% was due to FX rates alone. Operating income for the quarter decreased 19.5% to $282.4 million. We were able to largely offset the decrease in revenue with aggressive cost actions that began in Q4 and continued through Q1. These actions while properly positioning the company for the future added substantial costs in both quarters. The result was an operating income or EBIT margin of 10.3%, down about 70 basis points and an EBITDA margin of 12.3%, which was down about 50 basis points from last year and equating to about $12.5 million. Adjusting for the cost of severance actions taken in the quarter, which totalled almost $38 million versus $19 million last year on a constant currency basis, our EBIT margin was 11.7% which was about flat with the same number last year, and our EBITDA margin ex-severance was about 13% which was up about 20 basis points year over year.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $21.4 million. That was up about $10.4 million from last year and down about $2.5 million from the fourth quarter. The increase versus Q1 2008 was primarily the result of the supplemental interest payment made on our 2032 notes in July of last year and a reduction in interest income earned on our cash balances held in foreign markets caused primarily by a reduction in interest rates and then the negative FX effect on those earnings. The decrease versus Q4 was primarily due to a decrease in the interest expense paid on our short-term borrowings. That resulted from decreases in the 30-day LIBOR late and the stabilization of the commercial paper market as well as the diligent cash management efforts of our agencies.  On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was about 34%. That was up slightly from 33.9% in Q1 of last year, and net income for the quarter declined 21.2% to $164.5 million. That left diluted earnings per share in the quarter down 17.2% to $0.53 per share. The comparative diluted EPS figure for Q1 2008 was $0.64 per share.  There was a change effective in Q1 in the way we compute EPS reflecting our adoption as of January 1st of a new accounting pronouncement EITF 0361. As a result, our 2008 Q1 EPS was reduced by $0.01. Under the new calculation, we need to allocate a portion of our earnings to un-vested restricted stock, which reduces the amount of earnings available to common shareholders. The effect in Q1 of this year was also about $0.01 per share. To make it easier going forward to analyze our results, we have included in the slide presentation and our investor presentation that recalculated diluted EPS for each of the quarters last year. The summary of that change had an effect of about $0.01 in each of the quarters of 2008 and about a $0.03 change for the full year. Analysing our revenue performance, continuing the trend from the fourth quarter, the U.S. dollar strengthened significantly versus virtually every other currency causing a significant negative effect in our FX rates. In the quarter, $252.3 million or about 7.8% of the revenue decline was the result of FX. While rates have generally stabilized, assuming rates remain at their current levels, FX will have a negative impact of about 8.5% in Q2, about 7.5% in Q3, and about 1% in Q4. For the full year, the year over year dollar impact of the FX changes would be about $800 million. Growth from acquisitions net of dispositions added about $14 million to our revenue in the quarter, or about four-tenths of 1%. While the pricing expectations on potential acquisitions have improved significantly from the middle of last year, our recent focus has been more on making sure our existing agencies are well positioned and performing well, knowing that most opportunities will continue to be there in 3 to 6 months.  On the organic front, organic growth declined by $210.6 million or 6.6%. As for our mix of business, traditional media advertising accounted for 44.2% of revenue and marketing services 55.8%. As for their respective growth rates, traditional media declined 12.8% in the quarter, had an organic decline of 4.3% or about $60 million, and marketing services declined 15% in total, with an organic decline of 8.4%, or about $150 million. Within the marketing services revenue category, CRM was down 13% with organic growth of -5.6%. Other than a couple of businesses that were impacted by significant client-specific cut-backs, overall the sector is performing fairly well. Public Relations was down 17.4% for the quarter with negative organic growth of 10.5%, and while agencies have performed well at winning new business, projects from existing clients have slowed across our agencies and across markets. Specialty communications which is our toughest sector was down 20.1% in the quarter with negative organic growth of about 16.2%. This category consists primarily of specialty media, recruitment advertising, and our healthcare businesses. Specialty media which is primarily our directory or Yellow Pages business is a sector that’s been in decline due to technological changes. Recruitment advertising which is our most economically sensitive business was down almost 40% in the quarter, and the healthcare sector was down pretty much in line with the overall market. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 55.8% U.S. and 44.2% international. In the United States, revenue declined $128.9 million or 7.8%. Acquisitions added $11.2 million, and organic growth was a negative 8.4% or $140 million. International revenue decreased by $320 million or about 21%. FX was the biggest driver reducing revenue by $252 million or about 16.4%. Acquisitions added $3 million, and organic growth was negative 4.6% or about $70.5 million. While overall economic conditions were very difficult, our organic growth decline in the quarter was somewhat skewed by four isolated areas. Specifically, the declines in recruitment marketing, our specialty and newspaper media business, and our Chrysler business accounted for more than 30% of our overall organic decline, and these businesses which are predominantly US focused accounted for almost 45% of our US organic decline. Internationally, we had strong performances in the emerging the markets of Asia, especially China, the Philippines, and India. We also continued to have strong performances in Latin America and the Middle East. Developed Asia, specifically Japan and Korea, were down sharply. The declines in Western Europe were generally in line with the overall market with a few exceptions. On the negative side, Finland, Italy, and Spain were each down double digits, and on the positive side, France and Germany were relatively strong. Moving to cash flow, our operating cash flow in the quarter was strong. While credit quality and working capital management are always a focus, in the current economic environment, these topics are an even higher priority. As a result of our efforts, our overall performance has stayed strong and consistent with prior years. Our primary sources of the cash, net income adjusted for basic non-cash charges, primarily stock-based compensation charges and the related tax benefits and depreciation and amortization, totalled $235 million. Since we are taking active measures to mange our cash, our primary uses of cash were down versus the prior year. Dividends totalled $46.7 million in the quarter, down from $49.1 million last year due to reduction in outstanding shares. Capital expenditures totalled about $23.3 million versus $42.2 last year, and acquisitions including earn-out payments on prior acquisitions totalled approximately $3.1 million, down from $89 million last year. As for financing activities in the quarter, as most everyone is aware, the majority of our 2031 convertible bond was put back to the company in February which we funded primarily with a combination of cash on hand and additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility. At the end of the quarter, we had about $475 million drawn under the revolver and an additional $30 million of commercial paper outstanding. Our current credit picture, as a result of our operating performance and working capital efforts, we finished the quarter in a strong capital market position. Our operating leveraging ratios, i.e., EBITDA to gross interest and total debt to EBITDA, while down a bit from last year due to the combination of higher gross interest expense and a small decline in EBITDA, remained very strong at 14.7 times and 1.5 times respectively, and well inside our only debt covenants, which I think most people know for EBITDA to gross interest expense is not less than 5 times and total debt to EBITDA of not greater 3 times.  As we discussed in our year-end call, our debt structure changed during the quarter as a result of the put of our 2031 convertible notes in February which as I mentioned was primarily funded with a combination of cash and drawing down on the revolver. It’s also worth noting that S&P recently completed its credit review of Omnicom and reaffirmed our ratings and removed us from credit watch. From a liquidity perspective, we finished the quarter in an extremely strong position with cash and un-drawn committed credit facilities totalling just over $2.4 billion, and we had uncommitted facilities available totalling additional $370 millions. So all in, while a very challenging economic environment, we believe we are well positioned financially, and while difficult, we think our agencies are taking the appropriate actions to ensure their continued success. Now I’ll open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer:  Given the timing of headcount reductions, could second quarter expenses be down even more ex-severance, and then of the expenses that are coming out assuming that there is some recovery next year, how much of those expenses have to come back?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, we’ll go through the second quarter as we go through it. I’m sure there are still more cost actions to be taken, that has to be done. The cost actions are taken agency by agency and based upon specific changes in staffing requirements by clients. The second quarter is also a difficult comp quarter. It’s generally one of the larger quarters in the year, so I wouldn’t get too aggressive quite this early.  
Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer:  Of the expense reductions, assuming things start to grow next year, any of the expenses have to come back, and then just a revenue driven question, can you just talk about overall sentiment among your larger clients? Are you seeing more fear or hesitation now versus when you had your prior call in February? 
John D. Wren : In terms of the costs that would come back, in a growing environment, there would be selective needs to increase staff as we grow for places where we’ve properly sized the business already, and then incentives obviously would come back into play as we get into 2010, more than what we’re anticipating at the moment. 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  Basically you use reductions of incentive compensation and discretionary spending to cover off the severance costs or the cost action costs and to help absorb some of the more fixed overhead structures or overhead costs with the decline. It certainly takes longer for those to rightsize to the current business levels. So there is some cost that will come back as revenues grow. It’s not that revenues won’t flow through 100%.
John D. Wren : Our major clients are in the conservative mode as I think we are. People are encouraged by and are hopeful that we’re in a bottoming out period right now, that the worst is over, and as soon as that’s confirmed for them, they’ll put in place other plans that they have. So it’s a little early, I think. Cautious optimism prevails with most major clients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani – JPMorgan.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: A couple of questions, first if you can comment a bit, John or Randy, in terms of what you’re seeing so far in Q2 in terms of revenue trend, has it changed dramatically from what you saw in the first quarter, and then a second question really on the auto revenue, particularly the international clients, if you can comment on how that business is trending, in the sense do you think we’ve hit a bottom in terms of rate of declines you’re seeing or are we still deteriorating? 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  The last was probably easier. The rate of decline has stopped accelerating. I say that jokingly because that doesn’t say very much.  
John D. Wren :  I think who are at all optimistic or looking towards the real back end of this year and the beginning of next, I think you’ll continue to see similar caution in the second quarter that you see in this quarter in terms people spending and starting to be aggressive.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think as you go through our revenues you can break them up into sort of three categories—commissions, projects, and fees. Commissions and projects adjusted very fast, and there seemed to have been really a step change in the fourth quarter of last year and certainly carries on through the first quarter of this year. I don’t really realistically think that those numbers can get significantly worse than their current levels. I’ll knock on wood when I say that. Fees are something that take a while to negotiate, so we’re certainly through the first half of this year, been working with clients to adjust fee structures to their spending needs and their requirements.  
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan:  Looking at this severance expense that you had in the quarter, was it concentrated in any one geography or should we assume it really just reflected the areas of weakness that you highlighted in your prepared remarks? 
John D. Wren :  It certainly reflected where we had weakness, and the reductions anticipated are principally in the developed countries around the world. There are a couple of markets where it’s typical to reduce staff, and that take a little bit longer, so it continues to an ongoing discussion, but in the scope of Omnicom, those markets are not that large.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Do you have the break-up salaries and related expenses and O&G in the quarter? 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  We’ll get that for you, and when I get it, I’ll say it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber - Barclays Capital.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: As you look forward, can you help us think about in this quarter you were able to match your total cost decline of 13.6% with your total revenue decline of 14%. Is there anything of one-time nature in this quarter that allows you to do that that you don’t think you can do that in the second, third, or perhaps fourth quarter? 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  The second quarter is certainly a more difficult comp than the first quarter. So that probably makes the challenge that much harder, but generally I don’t think so. 
John D. Wren :  The actions taken were across the board, and there wasn’t anything mitigating that in the quarter.
Randall J. Weisenburger: There weren’t any one-time positive items that mitigated it. 
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital:  Usually you’re able to give us the dollar figure of your new business wins in terms of billing to each quarter. How did that do in the first quarter?
Randall J. Weisenburger:  About $970 million.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: How was that in the fourth quarter or perhaps all of last year?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don’t know. I’ll get that number for you as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Randy, when you say the second quarter is a more difficult comp, is it on the cost side because it looks like the revenue comp is not that different?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Both are harder. It’s a higher margin and higher revenue quarter than the first quarter or the third quarter. As I mentioned when we go through our revenue, I think there was a stop change with our commission-based that adjusts almost immediately with client spending and project business, and fees are something that are being renegotiated with some clients as we go through the first half of the year.  
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: On incentive comp, you definitely have step-up for severance cost, but what was the incentive comp benefit this quarter versus the same quarter last year? 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don’t have that number off the top of my head either. I’ll get that one for you as well. Craig, to answer you question, net new business win in Q4 was $780 million.
John D. Wren : Versus $970-$975 in this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis – Wachovia.
John Janedis – Wachovia:   How are you thinking about the auto industry for the balance of the year? Did 1Q come in as planned, and would you expect any potential restrictions on marketing spend for companies that may file for bankruptcy or have filed or will file?
John D. Wren : Marketing spend came in where we expected in the first quarter, and I think the forecast for the balance of the year in that sector without any bankruptcies is very similar to what we experienced in the first quarter, and if anybody does file for reorganization, we don’t expect any restrictions on marketing. We would think if new company comes out of a restructured auto industry, I would imaging those companies would be looking to aggressively move the product that they have.
John Janedis – Wachovia:  Anecdotally, are you seeing different spending patterns outside of the couple of companies you mentioned earlier from your top 50 or so clients relative to the next 100 or so, and when spending recovers, would you expect budgets to add some of the small or mid-sized clients to serve as leading indicators? 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  I wouldn’t. I’m not necessarily the expert, and I don’t know what every client is thinking, but looking at it, most clients seemed to adjust their spending pretty rationally with the economic environment and how their business has been affected. We have a couple of areas that we mentioned where we’re affected more significantly, but again they’re sort of tangential businesses or specialty businesses that you might expect to be hurt. You can certainly see it newspaper companies. Chrysler in particular is facing some difficulties, but I think certainly their spending seemed fairly rational with their business. In the overall auto sector, global auto sales are down. I think global auto marketing plans, at least as we see them, seemed fairly rational with their change in business. Some of the other sectors that John mentioned seemed like they were in ling with the overall economy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley. 
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley:
 : Randy, if you could give the level of headcount reductions in the fourth quarter and first quarter that you’ve taken, and what do you think the run rate savings are on those reductions? And then for either or both of you, on emerging markets where you continue to see some strength, what are your expectations for those regions going forward? are you continuing to see that strength or is it a lagging indicator that may end up coming back down to earth as it deals with the more global pullback that we’ve seen? 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  The expected savings of severance in Q4 was around $215 million, and the expected savings of severance actions taken in Q1 is about $125 million. As far as headcount, that’s not a number that we’ve given out.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Those are annualized numbers?
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley:  You mentioned in your prepared remarks that some of your markets continue to be strong. I think you said it is mainly flat in America, with growth in some of the developing Asian markets. I am just wondering as you look out through the rest of this year, what your expectation is for those regions just given the sort of the global malaise we’re seeing, if you expect those spending levels to decline or decelerate, I should say, or if you think that growth is all secular and just continues to move forward? 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  This is a personal view. I think it’s reasonable to expect that their growth rates may slow. I don’t they’ll go negative, but I don’t pretend to be an economist to know those markets well enough to say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon – BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon – BMO Capital Markets:   On your cash flow statement, changes to operating capital came down to about an outflow of $474 million from about $810 million last year. If you could give us some comments on maybe some of the things you’re doing there in a challenging environment to keep that number in check, and then second you filed a shelf a month or so ago. If you could maybe give us a little bit of color on what your plans are there. 
Randall J. Weisenburger:  The shelf is easy. We just replaced one that was expiring, and it’s most effective to do it right as you’re filing your K. That way all your filings and fees, etc., are up to date, so there’s nothing to read into that. As far as our working capital efforts, as I said, working capital and cash management is always a focus of our agencies down deep in the organization. We intensified those efforts even to another level. Obviously everyone knows that cash is extremely important and cash management and focus credit quality of our clients and vendors is extremely critical. The year over year changes, I’ll say when they’re good or when they’re bad, the numbers can bounce around a bit on any given day. You have $200-$300 million of swing on a day that you shouldn’t take credit or not take credit for, so I don’t really think the performance in the first quarter this year versus the first quarter of last year was dramatically different. I think our performance was very good and obviously better than it was last year, but again I don’t think that difference is meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse.
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse :   We’ve been hearing anecdotally that clients are pressing hard for reduced fees beyond those associated with reductions in scope. Could you comment on the nature of your ongoing fee negotiations with your existing clients, and on the new business win side, just from a judgment side, how much new business activity do you think has been motivated by companies who are speaking just to reduce run rate fees?
John D. Wren : We haven’t experienced any client actions other than to respond to a reduction in the scope of work that we’re providing. There have been a lot of conversations, but in each case where we’ve gone in, we’ve had to sit with clients and adjust our staff. The expectation of service has been adjusted accordingly. Your second question? 
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse :  On the new business side, do you have a sense that some large clients are initiating fee reviews perhaps in this climate more due to a goal of cost cutting than in normalized terms? 
John D. Wren :  No. Most major advertisers are still following whatever procedures they’ve established for the selection of their partners, and we haven’t seen any pitches that have been purely put up from a fee point of view simply to reduce fees. It’s too vital an area for clients and major advertisers to make decisions based upon purely fees. It’s the quality of the service that you’re seeing. 
Peter Stabler – Credit Suisse :  On the Q4 call, you said a minus 50 to 100 basis points on EBIT margins for the year would be a “pretty strong performance.” Has your outlook changed on that?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I still think that’s a pretty strong performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meggan Friedman – William Blair and Company.
Meggan Friedman – William Blair and Company:   On Chrysler, could you maybe talk at all about your potential liability there? 
John D. Wren :  Our team in Detroit has been working literally around the clock, unbelievable effort. They’ve probably run a hundred scenarios, and I don’t know which scenario is going to be the ultimate scenario. I think we’re very well positioned overall. If the scenario is Chrysler goes into a reorganization and they or their brands continue in business, they have a truly world-class team in our team in Detroit, extremely experienced in the automotive industry, probably nobody in the US more experienced than they are. I think our exposure is extremely limited, maybe really to the point of zero. If it were to take an extreme scenario the other way, which I think is remote, maybe even impossible, which would be the brands went away and we had a complete shutdown of the office, I think our cash exposure is probably to $25 to $35 million. There may be some additional charges or write-off furniture and fixtures and some things like that, but I think that is an extremely unlikely set of events. 
Meggan Friedman – William Blair and Company: In terms of the phasing of organic revenue performance over the course of the quarter, did things get even incrementally better in March or was it pretty steady throughout the quarter?
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it was pretty steady throughout the quarter.
John D. Wren : Certain business, I mean, for instance public relations was better in March than it was in January and February, but they’re relatively small in the scope of our overall reporting, so while it’s hopeful and it was a good trend, it’s a good month; it isn’t yet a trend, so it would be difficult to say that March was better than the prior months.
Randall J. Weisenburger: You’ve three different types of revenue—commission revenue, project revenue, and fee revenue. The PR business is really more of a project revenue business. It’s on retainer with projects. That’s stepped. I think our fee revenue is probably not stepping up; it’s still working through the changes, and the projects and commissions adjust much more rapidly up or down. Someone asked a question with respect to year over year incentive compensation. Total incentives in the quarter on a constant currency basis were down about $20-$25 million.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Thomas Singlehurst with Citi.
Thomas Singlehurst – Citi:   On the international revenues, it looks like the revenue trend sequentially deteriorated quite a lot. I think you’re actually still seeing organic growth in 4Q ’08, and all of a sudden they declined in 1Q ’09. Can you just go through the components of that, because presumably those problem areas are the specialty or Chrysler or obviously largely US revenue sources? 
Randall J. Weisenburger: As I mentioned, there’s really a few different pieces to our revenues. While commissions and projects can adjust fairly quickly, fees will take probably take probably a full 6 months to adjust. I think that’s basically what’s been kind of rolling through the revenue line. As far as the international markets go, I think things pretty much continued. The trends that we saw at the end of the fourth quarter, I think in the first quarter we just probably saw more the full effect of it.
Thomas Singlehurst – Citi: Is there any massive difference in possibility between your US and international operations, i.e., the decline from currency in the international revenues helping the margin?
Randall J. Weisenburger:  No. It would go the other way. The US businesses at the agency level generally are a bit higher margin than the international businesses. The US business cost actions are generally faster to take on average. There are some international markets where your cost actions are relatively fast and in line with the cost in the US. Mainly the international markets are much more difficult. I think it’s probably safe to say FX for forecasting purposes or evaluation purposes largely has a similar effect down through the P&L. Interest, that line item gets bounced around a little bit because most of our interest income, the way we run our treasury operations is foreign interest and obviously the FX has a very significant impact on that, so there isn’t really a mix when it comes to interest income.
Thomas Singlehurst – Citi:  Thank you very much. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Barclays Capital Benjamin Schachter - UBS Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Omnicom's Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd now like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you. And thank you all for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. We hope everyone had a chance to review our the earnings release. We've also posted it to our website, both the earnings release and the press... and a investor presentation that will cover the information that we'll present this morning. This call is being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on page one of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We will begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Then following John's remarks, we'll review the financial performance for the quarter.
John D. Wren: Good morning and thank you for joining our call this morning. The fourth quarter was probably the most challenging quarter the company has faced since 1992. The combination of a decline in economic growth worldwide and the rapid strengthening of the U.S. dollar, caused a decrease... a quarterly decrease in our revenue. As all of you know, the pace of the economic decline in the fourth quarter was caused by many factors: the banking system meltdown in November, the freezing of credit to companies and individuals, rising unemployment and the decline in consumer confidence and trust. Looking forward, we think that first nine months of this year is going to be difficult. At this point, we expect to see some improvement late in the year with earlier fourth quarter comparisons and positive gains from the significant stimulus actions by the U.S. and most major countries. Our hope is that these programs will spur recovery in ad spending late in 2009 and then into 2010. As in past recessions, we expect to outperform GDP. Offsetting any decline in spending, and the uncertainty in revenue, we are reducing our cost structure. In the fourth quarter, we eliminated many open positions and implemented targeted staff reductions in many of our agencies. We also cut back non-client, non-essential travel and discretionary costs. We also reduced incentive compensation for senior executives, but preserved incentives for most other employees. And finally we froze our delayed salary increases in order to reduce lay offs. Looking to the longer term, I'm very confident in our ability to adjust to the changing environment. The company continues to be focused on the fundamentals which have seen us through good times and challenging times alike. These fundamentals are: number one, our leading portfolio of global advertising and marketing brands are the best in the world. We continue to have a very well balanced mix of business, diversified by discipline and across geographies and also a broad base of clients in industry served. I don't think there's a question of our unparalleled creativity which is at the core of delivering value to our clients. And finally, we are focused on cash and cost disciplines and... in order to allow us to invest in growth and productivity in the future. Finally, before I turn it back to Randy, I just want to add that our focus during this crisis will be helping our clients grow their businesses. That is our number one priority. Thanks and I'll turn it back to Randy.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thanks John. Although a certainly a difficult quarter, overall we think our agencies accomplished a great deal in the quarter and the financial results were fairly strong, given the economic environment. That said, for the first time in a very long time, due to the combination of the overall economic environment and FX rates, revenue declined in the quarter by $254.7 million to $3.37 billion. That was a decrease of about 7%. Despite the fourth quarter, for the full year, revenue increased $665.9 million to $13.36 billion. That was an increase of 5.2%. Operating income for the quarter decreased 15.7% to $448 million, and that was an operating margin of 13.3% which was down about 140 basis points from the year earlier. To put that in dollar terms, the margin decline translates into roughly $46.1 million of operating income. As everyone knows, the pace of economic change in the fourth quarter was fairly unprecedented. Almost all of our agencies experienced some loss of revenue, mostly in project revenue which was traditionally larger in the fourth quarter and for us, heavily skewed in the United States. Given the time of the year, our only ability to adjust cost was to reduce discretionary spending as much as possible and to reduce our incentive compensation pools which we did. These actions were in fact sufficient to offset the loss of operating income associated with the lost revenue. However, we also took aggressive severance actions in the quarter to align our cost structures with the decline in revenue forecast for 2009. As a result, we had a year-over-year increase in severance of about $55 million in the quarter, which was about $10 million more than the dollar translated decline in operating margins. We estimate that the annualized savings in salary-related cost or the actions taken in the fourth quarter is approximately $215 million. As we move through 2009, we will continue as and if necessary, to aggressively manage our costs to keep them in line with revenue forecast. While we can't control the economy, we do expect to manage our own costs to the extent possible. For the year, operating income increased 1.8% to $1.69 billion and the operating margin was 12.6%, down at about 50 basis points from last year, almost all of which was from the fourth quarter. Net interest expense for the quarter was $23.9 million. That was up about 9.6 million from last year and up about $3.2 million from the third quarter. For the year, net interest expense was a$74.3 million. That was basically flat with 2007. The increase in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2007 was primarily the result of the increased interest expense due to supplemental interest payments made in 2008 on our 2031 and 2032 convertible notes, combined with increased average debt levels resulting primarily from our stock repurchase activities in the first half of 2008. Versus the third quarter, the increase was primarily due to a reduction in interest income resulting from a combination of lower interest rates earned on cash balances held primarily in emerging markets and then the FX impact on those earnings. For example, the currencies in some of those markets weakened against the U.S. dollar by as much as 40% and that significantly reduced the U.S. dollar translated interest income. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was about 33.5%. That brought the full year rate to 33.6%, which is slightly lower than what we reported last year, due primarily to lower tax rates in various foreign jurisdictions. Net income for the reason I mentioned earlier, net income for the quarter decreased 13.7% to $271 million, a broad net income year-to-date or for the full year up to just over $1 billion, which was an increase of 2.5%. Fully diluted earnings per share decreased 8.3% to $0.88 per share in the quarter, and for the 12 months increased 7.5% to $3.17 per share. Now, analyzing our revenue performance, as everyone is aware the U.S. dollar has strengthened significantly versus most currencies in the quarter, causing a significant FX impact. In the quarter that impact was $210.7 million of decline in revenue. For the year, even after the major move in the quarter, FX remained marginally positive at 1.3% or $164 million. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are, we expect FX will be negative between 8 and 9% in Q1 and then between 6.5 and 7.5% for the full year. Growth from acquisitions net of dispositions added about $39 million to revenue in the quarter or about 1%. Our acquisition activity has been fairly minimal over the past six months. It's been our first priority to focus on our existing businesses, making sure our own house is in order before buying a new one. And while we've seen a number of potentially interesting businesses, for the most part, it would appear that many sellers' expectations have not yet fully adjusted to the current economic environment, but that does appear to be changing. Organic growth, for the first time in a very long time, declined by $83.2 million or about 2.3%. However, qualitatively, we think our agencies are in a very good shape. Our agencies again were the most highly recognized and awarded agencies in each of the respective fields for last year and our overall, new business record was excellent. So while we can't expect our agencies to control the global economy, we do expect them to continue to outperform the economy overall and more importantly, to outperform their peers. For the year, organic growth was positive 2.9%, adding about $374 million to revenue. As for our mix of business, traditional media advertising accounted for 43.3%, CRM was 38.5%, PR 9% and specialty communications 9.2%. As for their respective growth rates, advertising declined 7.6% in the quarter but excluding currency impacts, was down only 1.4%. CRM, while negative overall, continued to be the strongest performing sector, with a 3.3% overall decline and again excluding the impact of currency changes increased 3%. Public Relations was down 10.2%, continuing to experience general softness in the quarter, and specialty communications was down 15.3%. If people recall from prior calls, this category consists primarily of specialty media, recruitment, advertising and our healthcare businesses, all three difficult sectors in the quarter. Specialty media is primarily our Directory or Yellow Pages business, which in addition to being impacted by general economic conditions, is facing some significant technology changes. Recruitment advertising, which is probably our most economically-sensitive business, was down almost 30% from last year and healthcare continue to slow in the quarter due to a lower number of new product releases and cuts in spending from the large pharma companies. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 52.2% U.S. and 47.8% international. In the United States, revenue declined $86.4 million or 4.7%. Acquisitions, actually added $20 million to revenue or about 1.1% and organic growth was a negative 5.8%. International revenue decreased by $168.3 million or 9.5%. As I mentioned before, FX was very significant. It reduced revenue by $210.7 million or about 11.8%. International acquisitions added $19 million or 1.1%. And our international organic growth in the quarter was positive 1.3%. Internationally, we had strong performances in the emerging the markets of Asia, especially China and India, as well as in Eastern Europe. Developed Asia, specifically Japan and Korea were down sharply and Western Europe, with the exception of France and the U.K., were consistent with U.S. The results in France and the U.K. were more a factor of new business success and weaker prior year comparatives rather than better economic conditions in those markets. Operating cash flow for the year was strong. While as a result of the current economic environment, we're experiencing pressure from certain clients on working capital. To-date, our performance has been good. The measure of our operating performance in this area is the average relationship between our receivables and payables. To-date, we've not experienced any meaningful decline in our working capital operating performance. We have however, significantly increased our focus in this area to ensure that our performance stays on track. Absent our own operating performance, FX has had a negative impact on our working capital. As did although to a much lesser extent, declines in client spending at year end. As you know, we operate with negative working capital, meaning working capital is a source of cash for us, about half of which comes from our media operations. With the significant FX moves in the quarter, we experienced a dollar translated contraction in working capital of about $350 million. In addition, we experienced some contraction in working capital as a result of reductions in client media spending near year end. Our primary sources of cash, net income adjusted for basic non-cash charges, primarily stock-based compensation charges and their related tax benefits, then depreciation and amortization. Those items totaled $1.3 billion. Our primary uses of cash for the year were dividends, which totaled $192 million. CapEx totaled $212 million. Acquisitions, including earn out payments, totaled $441 million and then share repurchases for the year totaled 847 million. We did suspend repurchase initiative back in August and don't intend to resume until after the capital markets have fully stabilized. We also received 86 million of proceeds from auction exercises and stock sold under our employee stock purchase plan. That resulted in net repurchases of about 760.8 million. As a result of our repurchase activity over the last 12 months, our average diluted share count for the fourth quarter declined 6.1% to about 307.2 million shares. Our current credit picture; we finished the quarter and a very strong capital market position. Our operating leverage ratios, EBITDA to gross interest and total debt to EBITDA were very strong at 15.4 and 1.6 times, respectively. As a reminder, our debt facilities contain only those two covenants, EBITDA to net interest of not less than five times and net debt to EBITDA of not greater than three times. From a liquidity perspective, we finished the year in a strong position with cash in undrawn committed credit facilities totaling just over $3.6 billion. And we had an additional uncommitted facilities available totaling $354 million. As many of you know, the put date on our 2031 convertible bonds was the end of last week. And as expected, we receive puts on 841 million of the 847 million outstanding bonds. To fund the put, we drew down from our revolver and of the 841 million bonds put, we retired 295 million and then a partnership controlled by Omnicom was formed to purchase the remaining 546 million of notes, with the intent in the event that the capital markets and specifically, the convertible bond markets recover over the next year, the partnership will look to sell those bonds back into the market. And finally on a new business front, while new business activity in the quarter was fairly light, our agencies fared pretty well overall with net wins totaling approximately $780 million, with the most significant win being OMD's win or the combined global media account for Nissan and Renault. They already have the Nissan account, so this was both an important sale and an important win. Now with that, I am going to ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: Great. Thank you very much. (Operator Instructions). And we do have a question from line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi thanks. Could you hear me?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Two questions; so, what was... can you just tell us what project revenues were last year in the first quarter of '08? And then, just if you can just talk about near-term business trends, has weakness hit non-projects spending yet? And then secondly, do you expect to benefit of the new business wins in the U.K. and France to help drive those countries in the next six to nine months? And then when you combined them with growth in emerging markets, do you think organic growth can continue to outpace the U.S. and remain positive or is there just a lag and eventually, it catches up with the U.S? And then just lastly housekeeping, what was the impact of currency on EPS? Thanks.
John Wren: We can't really cut those up into a few more things but first, projects in the first quarter. I don't believe, we have the number. There are projects in every quarter. As Randy indicated, the fourth quarter always seems to be more significant and that's we tend to track that more closely. I think that was your first question. I think across the board, clients are evaluating and looking at their marketing spend. Until the banking crisis is resolved and liquidity starts to flow back into the system, I think we are in a unusual... we continue to be in an unusual period of time. And clients spending patterns haven't fully settled down yet. I think what you could expect is, what's normal. Automotives are being very, very cautious in cutting back because of the decline in volume and credit availability to consumers on a global basis. Packaged good companies are spending. We don't see increases in their spending, but see them more efficient and trying to gain market share during this period. So things haven't yet settled, but the normal patterns I think will prevail as we get further out in to the year.
Randall Weisenburger: Okay. Couple of other questions, that I remembered and then you'll have to fill in where we missed. FX impact on EPS. FX pretty much just flows straight through on a percentage basis, through pretty much all the lines of the P&L. I don't think it's any significant... its not significantly more or less impactful anywhere. Your other question was France and the U.K.'s performance in the quarter. Is it going to carry over? Our operations in those markets from a business standpoint are performing well, but from the economies they are, I don't think are in a better shape than anywhere else in the world. So they are certainly going to get impacted by the economies as well.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And then just the last piece was when then you combine that with the emerging markets. Obviously, emerging markets helped the international organic. I mean do you expect that to continue?
John Wren: Yes. Yeah absolutely. I mean what we expect over a longer period of time is that we should be able to outperform whatever global GDP happens to be. That's been our history, that's been what our abilities been in the past. Difficult to be granular and tell you what January is going to be or the first quarter. But, that's something that the company has been able to do throughout its entire history. The other side of the equation is adjusting our costs, while there is uncertainty, while there is a less than stable environment, which is where we're at. In terms of emerging markets, you have to remember that China where it's very important and contributes a lot, is only six-tenths... 6% of the global economy. So if it grows in excess of where its projecting to be, if it grew 10%, it would be adding six-tenths of a percent to the global population, I mean to the global growth. So, everything is important. All those markets are important, they'll continue to be important. But in a very near term, I think the developed nations are where most of the actions are going to occur.
Randall Weisenburger: Couple of the emerging markets that have been very strong over the last couple of years, Brazil and Russia in particular, those economies have been, especially Russia's been hit fairly hard with the change in oil prices. We'll see how that ultimately flows through. We have very good operations in both of those countries. So I suspect we will do well on a relative basis. But again those economies may be harder hit even than the United States.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you very much.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Hi, thank you. Just a couple of questions, I guess first on the fourth quarter; could you give us some color I guess how organic growth performed in the fourth quarter? Specifically, how much of the pull back came from the project base that is your loss to project based business versus sort of a general pull back in client spending or specifically, maybe the auto category. And then secondly, did the European I guess ad trends, did they worsen as the quarter progressed?
John Wren: The Auto sector was clearly impacted in the fourth quarter. With as many operations as we have around the world, there wasn't a wholesale reduction in any one place that we could point to. But there were plants where they could eliminated or have curtailed plants in the fourth quarter and cut back on some spending.
Randall Weisenburger: Project revenue was pretty significant. Each year in the quarter, we've kind of an incremental couple of hundred million dollars of revenue that we've explained in the past is always difficult to forecast, because it's kind of that last minute project revenue. A substantial portion of that doesn't appeared that it came in. That $200 million is accounts for over -- would be 4% organic growth in itself. We were in negative what 2.3% organic growth in total.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Okay, and then I just a follow up question; in terms of the first quarter, should we... do you have any sense of like how much severance expense we made back in Q1, just given your current plans?
Randall Weisenburger: We were able to do quite a bit of trimming based for what we saw in the fourth quarter. The $55 million was the year-over-year increase. The actual severance number was greater than that in the fourth quarter. We will have some severance costs. It will be very targeted in the quarter and it depends upon clients finalizing their spending which in many instances we're waiting for, we'll know about in the next couple of weeks. So we don't expect anything to the level what we have experienced in the fourth quarter, but we don't have a targeted number at the moment. At this point, such as surgical going forward is unlike what happens in the business.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: And just another housekeeping point; tax rate for the year should we see this as Q4 is a good run rate for '09?
Randall Weisenburger: No I'd probably assume 33.7 to 33.9. That's safer.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from comes the line of Craig Huber with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to talk a bit about your cash level. Can you explain a little further Randy why was about $1.1 billion here in the fourth quarter, down from $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion each of last two fourth quarters? And then more importantly how much of that $1 billion, $1.1 billion of cash you due use your own, your own money can you do you want with it?
Randall Weisenburger: Okay. Two questions, let me give the first one. Two pieces to that year-over-year cash; on a spending basis when you go through our, what I'll describe is our primary sources and uses of cash, excluding working capital. We spent about $300 million more than our cash sources. So, that should have increased our net debt levels or decreased our cash balance by that $300 million. The rest of it is really a conversion, FX conversion difference. Basically, we're converting all of our international balances back into U.S. dollars and those conversions basically shrunk the U.S. reported dollar amount by about $350 million. That's basically the bulk of those changes. As far as our cash, I mean as a technical matter, it's our cash. Now, we use that cash to operate the business. We have large daily swings in working capital balances, depending upon the timing of client flows, or over the course of say 2008, our daily average cash balance was roughly say $100 million, it wasn't $1 billion. On high cash days, cash flow coming into the treasury system, it could have been as high as $1.5 billion and on low cash days, we mean we would have all cash payments out, maybe as much as 5 or $600 million drawn under our facilities. So, help me, as I am trying to answer the question fully, the cash is ours but we use it in the business. We couldn't take that cash and go out making acquisition with it and not replenish it somehow.
John Wren: And you didn't ask this, but I think if you look at 2008 and then you start to think about 2009. In 2008, we bought back about $800 million net of our own stock program which we suspended in August as Randy indicated. We won't start up again until the world returns to a more normal world. And I think the acquisition number of $400 million plus last year was higher than what our requirements are going to be in 2009 at this point, unless we do anything new. So as you go forward, you have the operations and then those uses and some of those uses are curtailed pretty seriously at the moment.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: And also a housekeeping question. Should 2031 converts to $295 million that you guys retired; is there a cash tax safety you have to take on that in the coming quarters?
Randall Weisenburger: Well, we'll see. There is some interesting legislation proposed in the Senate Bill that would significantly push out that potential tax payment. We'll see if that comes through. If it doesn't come through, that will be about, I think it's going to be about $50 million to $60 million.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: Okay. Then lastly, just a follow-up on Alexia's question; can you give us if you would, how much the project-related revenues were in the fourth quarter versus what they were a year ago? And I think you were saying that's what the major swing was here in the U.S., is that correct?
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah. We don't... see I've to do this, we don't track specifically all of our project revenue versus all of our non-project revenue. What we do know is that in the fourth quarter of each year there is a couple of hundred million dollars of a project revenue that comes in that is un-forecasted revenue, each year when the quarter starts. That revenue tends to be last minute projects; clients that have anything left in their budget, projects will come out of the agencies or out of the clients, finishing off the year. Those projects tend to come up because people have budget left to spend. This year we didn't expect, given the overall economic climate that there would certainly be as many projects or as much of that spending as normal. As we suspected, that didn't come in or at least a large percentage of that didn't come in.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: Okay. Then lastly can you quantify how much money you saved from lower incentive costs in the quarter, versus a year ago?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. But it's going to take me a second.
John Wren: If there is another question, while we get this and we'll come back to this one if you would.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: No that's all I had. Thank you.
John Wren: When we get it Craig, we'll just say it. Actually and this is a rough...our incentive system is based upon individual performance and targets throughout the group. So if a particular unit doesn't perform, incentives automatically are declining. So we will get back to you in a minute, since we don't have the number.
Operator: Great, thank you. Then we're going to go on to a question from the line of Ben Schachter with UBS.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Hey guys, a few questions. Randy you've talked about the partnership buying they convert. Wondering if you can explain a bit more about how that structure works, why it's in place?. And then also, if you could talk about how we should think about the overall net interest line for the year going forward? And then a few follow ups after that, thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: Okay. Let's see, we'll start with the net interest line. I think a good starting point will be our fourth quarter interest expense. I think it will go...our interest expense should go up from that number, probably in the 3 to $5 million per quarter range, depending upon again what happens with short-term interest rates and what happens with the July 32 bond. Now a bigger piece of our... let's say capital structure is going to be 30 days floating rate versus having the rate fixed. Last year on the 2031 bond, I think we've paid just under 1% interest rate to keep it outstanding. So, frankly what we've refinanced that with by drawing down under revolver at least based on current rates, is about in the same spot. On a year-over-year difference, because of FX differences and lower interest rates on invested cash, we will have or we expect to have less interest income in 2009 than we did in 2008 and then, also the translation of that back into dollars will be less. So, from there I think the fourth quarter is probably a pretty good view. We do cycle for the first half of 2009 with higher interest expense on the 2032 bond, the first half of 2008 that number was lower than will be in the first half of 2009. As far as the partnership goes, we formed a partnership to hold the bonds and that partnership will look to resell the bonds back into the marketplace. We think the converts are very good security for Omnicom. They fit well into Omnicom's capital structure and tax planning. We'd like to keep the bonds outstanding on a long-term basis. Right now, I think current market conditions the convert bond market is not acting at least normally. Our hope is that the convert bond market stabilizes or recovers or how we want to phrase it, over the course of the next year. And that we're able to reissue those bonds back into the marketplace. We'll see if that's possible.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Okay. In the past when we've spoken before this macro meltdown, we talked about having 80, 90% visibility in the revenue for the year by November or December. And I assume obviously that's not happening now that it seems extent. So could you talk about visibility into '09 in terms of, you obviously have your severance cost. You're laying off for certain expectations. What's going on with that visibility, what kind of flexibility are in contracts now to change the way you're able to see the year. Just overall, how you're looking at the revenue picture and how do you think about that?
Randall Weisenburger: Well I think even at this point we still have probably 75, 80% maybe even 85% visibility, into 2009. The challenge is, obviously even 15% not, visible given the accuracy that we'd like to have with our forecast and planning is a pretty big sway. I used to somewhat joke that investors thought plus or minus 1% organic growth, might have been significant enough, even if we knew 90% of our business. If people tell 1% was significant that was ten times. Right now, we certainly have less visibility than we've had in prior years at this point.
John Wren: In terms of severance and the actions we've taken in the fourth quarter, that was very targeted and we went unit-by-unit around the world, looked at what the revenue expectations were done at that office level and then made determinations as to what severance... what reductions we could incur without impairing our ability to continue to service our clients. So that was a very targeted exercise which started early in the fourth quarter and was acted upon when we realized that project revenue wasn't coming through. We will continue to assess our business at that level as we go forward. But if there is a bit of fog out there and I think until the... until some of the broader economic things settle, we're going to continue to feel our way through on part of our revenue base.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: And then also John you started off the call mentioning things haven't been discussed since the early 90s. If my model is correct, looking back then, the operating margins were 11%... 11 to 12%. Is there any reason to think that it should be similar to that looking into 2009 or is that just ancient history and the business is different today?
John Wren: Right, that's ancient history. Our mix of business today is far different than what it was back in '92. I think what I was referring to is '92 is the last hard serious recession that the company faced. The one in earlier in this decade happened very quickly and seems to pass very quickly. '92 was a little longer slog and that's what I was referring too.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: So, you don't see any scenarios where your operating margin can get below 12?
Randall Weisenburger: We were about 12.6% margins for '08. I said a couple of times, certainly our objectives is to try to manage and hold those margins. Depending upon the overall economic environment, thinking flat to say minus 50 to 100 basis points of margin, I think would be pretty strong performance, again depending upon that overall economic back drop.
John Wren: We do continue to have quite a bit of flexibility in our cost base.
Benjamin Schachter - UBS: Alright. Thanks gook luck.
John Wren: Thank you. Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Stanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thanks. Only follow up the last question and one for Randy. John, could you give us a sense of what the flexibility is? How much of your salary and services, say cost are flexible in nature?
Randall Weisenburger: Well, the two things happen with it. First of all, as I described it as product level, so, the people that are actively engaged in clients. There is somewhat of a drag cost but the client is looking for people to execute on work. If the work isn't there, those costs are... is painful as it is somewhat flexible. With operational people and senior management, the incentive comp rules are highly flexible. If business is down those numbers can be adjusted. For senior people the incentive compensation can be a much greater percentage change in their compensation than the change in revenues. 4 or 5% decline in revenue could mean 40 or 50% cut in pay for some of those senior people that really... their overall positions aren't necessarily flexible, but their pay certainly is.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Randy, my point is incentive comp versus how much percentage of revenue? Is it in the 5 to 10% range?
Randall Weisenburger: I think its in the 5 or 6% range.
John Wren: Yeah.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay that's what... okay great. And then on the convertible partnership, does that structure mean that you could still enjoy the tax and accounting benefits on the compared account (ph) accusing the 5%?
Randall Weisenburger: Well there are no accounting benefits of those bonds. The full tax savings of those bonds, none of that is a P&L benefit for us. From a tax standpoint, they will be very minimal current year or while they're in this partnership, current tax benefits. It does preserve the ability to issue those bonds back into the marketplace than preserve the long-term benefits and to keep the specific bonds alive.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Can you hear me. What happens, you've said that if conditions improve, let's once the marketing conditions were to improve, is there anything magical about 12 months and who decides the course of actions at that point?
John Wren: No I don't think there is any magical about the 12 months. If these bonds are something that the market finds acceptable, then their security is that that we'd like to preserve. I think the structure is designed somewhat as a bridge knowing that the current market environment is disrupted. What the new reality is, I don't know. But we're this is a bridge to finding out what the new realty is and the new marketplace thinks these securities are good security. We would like to have an outstanding. If they don't think it's a good security, then we'll probably dissolve the partnership and retire whatever bonds are still outstanding.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, a few questions. You mentioned that the severance, the year-to-year increase was $55 million and the run rate savings will be substantially larger than that. What was the actual amount that you were able to record in the quarter and were there any additional charges, whether its office-related or otherwise that might be considered non-recurring in nature?
Randall Weisenburger: I think the total severance number was about $75 million in the quarter. One-time in major charges, I mean there is... the only thing that seems to always recur is charges that are non-recurring. So we don't tend to call things non-recurring charge and a company of this size depending upon the agency there is inevitably a handful of things that are only happened to that agency once. They just happen to another agency in a different quarter.
John Wren: And in terms of the other cost, is complex because of its size but there is a specific strategy and analysis done city by city of our real estate throughout the world. And in every just virtually every place in the world which is coming on an annual basis. So as we have to flex our staff down, we do over a period of time have the ability to adjust other costs when we have reductions. Similarly, as we increase, we can flex our costs. So...
Randall Weisenburger: And in an economic environment like this, there is certainly cost and things that they come about that are not normal. I mean there is definitely increase in bad debts.
John Wren: There is write off...
Randall Weisenburger: Much, much greater increase in our spend focusing on client credit and working capital and renegotiating contracts, et cetera. So economic times like this certainly have an increase in certain cost that come with it.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank: So would it be overdoing it to assume that the combined total of those costs exceeded the $100 million in total or is it somewhat less than that?
Randall Weisenburger: No, Matt, my guess is it certainly exceeded $100 million.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Another question would be, while the world changed dramatically in the early fall, at what point did it become clear that this wasn't your run in the mill at market slowdown? What point in the quarter was that that you really got a sense that you needed to take some plausible action?
John Wren: What happens in most quarters, has happened this year a little bit differently is year-end projects; you never get real clear visibility as to just how much is going to come through. You are basing a lot of your assumptions through the quarter on history. I think this year when the banking system froze in November, it shifted almost everybody's attention to their balance sheets and behavior followed. And so many projects, which could have happened and would have happened on a more normal basis just didn't materialize, as you went through the quarter. The other thing which is difficult to explain is we probably have over 2000 operating offices and facilities around the world. They don't have to have much of a decline in revenue per location to add up to $83 million or $100 million. So the micro-management of this gets a bit difficult and it gets reflected or highlighted in the quarter. But when you look at spending over the course of a year or patterns, it's not necessarily a very clear indication that develop, that causes a trend which we can project.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Okay, from your perspective, did you feel that as we exited December, that spending patterns were slower than they were, in November when the freeze first started to happen or was there any trend you could sort of give us sense anecdotally there?
John Wren: Well, I think there is a sense of caution on the part of most companies. At the moment, we're still sorting that out.
Randall Weisenburger: The advantage of having an incredibly diversified group of very smart clients is you get it, there is a diverse reaction. I hear stories, anecdotal stories of clients using this as opportunities to be aggressive in building their brands and try to gain market share. You hear other stories of clients trying to freeze everything they can freeze. They're obviously face... each clients facing different realities in their own business, own balance sheet, own distribution channels et cetera. Our agencies have to react to each of those situations specifically.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Final question is a follow-up on the partnership structure. So I understand that it's a 12 month in duration of the partnership. Who's the investor? Did you need to get, did the banks have to agree to this transaction and are you considering this structure for 2032 to put if credit markets don't improve?
Randall Weisenburger: Let's see, it's a small group of investors. I don't believe they have an interest of being named. The banks didn't have to approve the structure where the controlling partner, where the general partner in the partnership. It's a fairly simple structure, we basically just drew down under our bank line to fund the bonds that were put. The partnership is a consolidated controlled entity of Omnicom. So it's not really any different than any one of our existing subsidiaries behind the bonds. The structure was designed to preserve the bonds for later or potentially later re-issuance to the marketplace, keeping the specific bonds alive in their structure et cetera. So we don't have to reinvent them and go through a whole re-issuance process. So it's really not a very complicated thing from a Omnicom perspective. It's basically like buying treasury stock. The bonds are effectively treasury bonds at this point.
Matthew Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Are you considering the same structure for the June puts?
Randall Weisenburger: Well June... well there are June puts, there is end of July for the 2032 bond. Hopefully, the market is going to be dramatically improved by then. If it's not, it's something that I think we'll consider. We are just past 9.30. I guess we're running longer than normal. So I'm going to cut it off at this point, because I know a lot of investors you want to be there. A lot of analysts and people want to be there for the opening. Thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: Great and thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - EVP and CFO John Wren - President and CEO
Analysts: Craig Huber - Barclays Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co Catriona Fallon - Citi Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentleman, and welcome to the Omnicom Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I’d now like to introduce you to today’s conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you and good morning. Thank you everyone for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2008 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review the earnings release. We've posted to our website both, the press release and our presentation covering the information that we’ll present this morning. As the commentator mentioned this call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on page one of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren, and then following John's remarks, we'll review the financial performance for the quarter in a little more detail and then John and I'll be happy to take questions at the end.
John Wren: Good morning and thank you all for joining our call. We were pleased with our third quarter performance and we characterized the results as being in line with our expectations. As Randy just mentioned, we'll take you through the details of the quarter in just a couple of minutes. But I'd like to share with you what we see today. No one could have anticipated the current credit crisis or the unprecedented volatility that's created in the financial markets. We are in the process of trying to assess the impact these events we have on advertising spending for the first half of 2009. At this point, our clients generally remain very cautious. The only two sectors which have cut back in fourth quarter spending are automotive and some of our retail clients. We expect the fourth quarter to be a challenge as many normal year end marketing projects may not be authorized if financial markets continue to be volatile. As many of you know, as in past recessions offsetting part of the uncertainty in revenue is a flexibility we have in our cost structure. In the short run, incentive gens (ph) are based on achieving our objectives for the full year. Longer term, as we've always done, we'll adjust our cost structures to reflect our best estimates of revenues going forward. The one thing I can promise you is the company continues to be focused on the fundamentals, which have always seen us through good times and challenging times alike. These fundamentals are leading portfolio of global advertising and marketing brands, which are the best in the world. A well balanced mix of business diversified by discipline and across geographies, and a broad based appliance and industry served; unparalleled creativity, which is the core of delivering value to our clients; in cost disciplines that allow us and have allowed us to invest in growth and productivity. Finally, as we set around and we look past the current crisis. I am hopeful that acquisition pricing will finally come back in line with our historic expectations. As many of you know, we've been very disciplined as we've always look for appropriateness in strategy, fit and especially in the past several years sensible pricing. One benefit of the current crisis should be more realistic pricing expectations from sellers as there will be fewer strategic and non-strategic bidders for qualifying targets. We are hopeful that, this crisis will be short-term, but we are planning as you might expect for whatever our clients indicates us to future we'll hold. I'll be glad now to turn back to Randy and then we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks, John. As we mentioned, we're obviously in a very unusual capital markets environment. That environment has created an economic softness and widespread caution, at least for the near term. While our businesses have performed well to the third quarter, we have far less visibility going into the fourth quarter and in the next year, then, we've historically had at this point in the year in the past. But our agency management teams are highly focused on managing their staffing levels and creating as much flexibility as possible in their cost structures to better manage through whatever economic conditions develop. For the third quarter, revenue increased $215 million to $3.32 billion. That was an increase of 6.9%. For the nine months revenue increased $920 million to just under $10 billion and that was an increase of 10%. Operating profit for the quarter increased 6.6% to $373.4 million. That was an operating margin of about 11.3%, which was roughly flat with last year. Year-to-date operating profit increased 10.1% to $1.2 billion, and that was a margin of 12.4% and also consistent with last year. Net interest expense for the quarter was $20.7 million. That was up $1.4 million from last year and up about $2 million from last quarter. Both the increase versus last year and versus last quarter was primarily the result of having to make supplemental interest payments on our 2031 and 2032 convertible nodes in 2008, as well as generally higher interest rates on short-term borrowings partially offset by increased interest income on our foreign cash balances. On the tax front, our reported tax rates for the quarter was about 33.5% bringing the full year rate to 33.6%, which is down a little bit from last year. The net income for the quarter increased 5.6% to $213.6 million, bringing net income for the nine months up to $729.3 million. That was an increase of about 10.2%. And fully diluted earnings per share increased to 11.3% to $0.69 per share bringing the nine-month total of 15% to $2.30. Analyzing our revenue performance, although the US dollar strengthened significantly versus most currencies as Q3 progressed. FX in the quarter remained positive at 2.1% adding $66 million to our revenue and bringing the year-to-date impact to a positive 4.1%. Looking ahead based on current spot FX rates and our current mix of business we would expect FX in Q4 to be negative almost 4%. Using that same approach for next year, FX would be negative about 5% in Q1, negative about 6% in Q2, negative about 4.5% in Q3 and by definition flat in Q4. For the full year that averages out to a negative 3.75% to about 4%. Growth from acquisitions net of dispositions in the quarter added about $23 million to our revenue or about seven-tenths of a percent. And I have to say the pipeline of interest in potential investments at prices that at least at this point appear to be reasonable as strong as we have seen in several years. So maybe there is some good that can result from the financial mass that's out there. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was solid, especially given the overall economic back drop at 4.1%, bringing the year-to-date total to 5% adding about $457 million to revenue. Our new business performance was also strong in what was a fairly slow new business quarter with net wins totaling $930 million. As for our mix of business, traditional media advertising accounted for 41.7% of our revenue and marketing services 58.3%. As per their respective growth rates, advertising was up 6.9% and marketing services 7%. Within marketing services; CRM continued to be very strong growing 12% in the quarter, public relations was down 1.2% experiencing some general softness, and specialty communications was down 3.2%. As you probably know this category consists primarily of specialty media, recruitment advertising and our healthcare businesses. The specialty media category has been impacted by the continuing decline in Directory or Yellow Pages business, we have talked about that for a couple of quarters. Recruitment advertising is probably our most economically sensitive business and has been feeling the effects of the economy for a couple of quarters now. And healthcare growth while positive slowed in the quarter due to a lower number of new product releases and cuts in medical education. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 51.8% US and 48.2% international. In the US revenue increased $63.1 million or 3.8%. Acquisitions were $16.2 million of that or about 1% and organic growth was 2.8% adding about $47 million to our revenue. Internationally, revenue increased $152 million or 10.5%. As I mentioned FX was $66 million of that, acquisitions added $6.7 million or about four-tenths of a point, and organic growth was pretty strong at 5.5%, adding $79 million. Internationally we had strong performances in the emerging markets of Asia, especially China, as well as in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Brazil. Growth in Western Europe was generally slow with the exception of Germany. Operating cash flow for the nine months was quite strong and consistent with our historical trends. Our cash management programs continue to perform well, especially given the financial markets. And on the working capital front, we didn't experience any meaningful decline in our overall performance. We have significantly increased our focus in this area to ensure that our performance stays on track going forward. For the nine months, our primary source of cash, again net income adjusted for basic non-cash charges like our stock-based compensation charges and the related tax benefits and then depreciation and amortization, these items totaled $963 million. As for uses of cash in the nine months, dividends totaled $145 million, CapEx was $152 million and then acquisitions including earn out payments on prior acquisitions totaled $388 million. Share repurchases for the year-to-date period totaled $846 million. We also received about $78 million in proceeds from option exercises in stock sold under our employee stock purchase plan resulting in net repurchases of about $768 million. I should note we did suspend our stock repurchases back in August and don't expect to resume until after the capital markets have stabilized. As a result of our repurchase activity over the last 12 months, our average diluted share counts was reduced from last year by about 5.3% to right around 3.11 million shares. Current credit picture, we finished the quarter in a strong capital markets position with net debt totaling just under $2.7 billion. As you would naturally expect in the current environment, we have received a number of questions regarding our capital structure and our big credit agreement. To make sure everyone gets the answers to those questions, we've made a few changes to the presentation. The first is on the top of this slide, we changed the credit statistics that are shown to correspond with the two covenants that exist in our current Bank Credit Agreement. Those covenants are first, EBIDTA to gross interest of not less five times and we finished the quarter at 17.4 times, so quite a bit of room. And then total debt-to-EBIDTA of not greater than three times and there we finished the quarter at 1.6 times. I should also point out that these are the only two covenants in the agreement and there is a not a materially adverse change clause. I am also suppose to point out that EBIDTA or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization is a non-GAAP measure. And on page 21 of the presentation, we reconcile EBIDTA to the GAAP operating income. Turning to current liquidity, from a liquidity perspective, we finished the quarter in a strong position with cash and undrawn committed credit facilities totaling almost $2.9 billion and we had uncommitted facilities available totaling an additional 331 million. Following this slide, while I think its page is 11 to about 20. We've included some supplemental information summarizing the specific terms each of our outstanding securities and our bank credit agreement as well as a schedule listing to some 32 banks that comprise our current bank group. I have to say while it's almost impossible to predict the kind of volatility we've seen in the financial markets over the last few months, we do believe that we are fairly well-positioned from a liquidity and capital markets perspective. And with that, I will ask the operator open the call for questions.
Operator: Great. Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question this morning comes from the line of Craig Huber with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Barclays: Yes, good morning. A few questions. Can you just go through how each of the individual months did from an organic revenue basis around the world. A particular one to get down to how did the month of September do from organic growth, clearly was worse in overall up 4.1% number.
Randall Weisenburger: I just don't have the numbers, Craig. We don't collect it that way.
Craig Huber - Barclays: Okay. And maybe, is your sense though that September was down now from a year ago?
Randall Weisenburger: No, I don't. I just don't have enough data to tell you one way or the other. Certainly, there were changes over the quarter in consumer spending that our knowledge of that information is really coming from the economic reports that you probably get 10 times as many of as we do. As far as our business goes, I didn't see that kind of volatility on it.
Craig Huber - Barclays: Okay. And then on page seven, you have those two pie charts we break out your revenues across 10 different broad sectors, but I was just wondering if you could maybe quantify how each of the maybe top three did in the quarter versus a year ago, and how the worst three did? Just give investors a sense of what was really good and what was really poor. Organic revenues by autos financial but just in the top three and bottom three, if you would, you have that?
Randall Weisenburger: I will in a minute. So why don't we go on and I'll get that information.
Craig Huber - Barclays: Okay. And then just lastly if I could ask, cost leverage and you do have a lot of flexibility on the cost, one as you alluded to. But could you maybe just quantify round numbers, incentive compensation pool, what it typically is, I mean, how much potentially you could save there if you hit the strong headwinds here on a temporary personnel fund? How your cost base that represents and also maybe investments spending, how much you potentially have to cut that back if you needed to in order to help stabilize margins? Thank you.
John Wren: Well, our incentive compensation normally runs between 20% of and 22% of pre-tax pre-incentive income. It's not all actionable. We can take it down if we must, but we would be very specific and very deliberate in going through where it was earned, who earned it, what the help of those particular subsidiaries or sectors were and we would adjust more to where people hadn't achieved internally set objectives. So we do have a lot of flexibility. In the long-term in terms of the goals and objectives that we set. So needless to say, we will take a look at it. A lot of it adjusts automatically depending upon what the performance is because it's embedded into the expectations that the individual subsidiaries have. So we have a good deal of flexibility there. At the core of our business, when you get out a little longer term is talent. At this point, what we've done in anticipation of the slowdown that we see is we've instructed in our companies who are doing this to cut all discretionary type of spending where it's possible; to delay where it makes sense, the hiring for opening positions, and this is not 100% across the Board, this is where it's sensible to do this; to delay the planned first quarter; salary increases that we were looking at until we get a better handle on what the marketplace is and what clients are going to spend into next year. So those actions have already been put in place. We'll start to specifically look company-by-company as we get into the fourth quarter and as we get into finishing the planning cycle, which will go on now for the next six weeks for 2009. So we are very deliberate in the sensible way, that I think will approach our business in the way that will adjust accordingly. Ultimately, if we handle it right and there is a sustained recession, it will create opportunity for us to go out and acquire talent that's available in the industry that would have under different circumstances may not have moved from where they currently are working. So, we'll make lemonade out of lemons that we were served, and we will do it in a very deliberate manner in the way that we've faced other recessions.
Randall Weisenburger: Back to your questions for the quarter for the sectors. Now slight of a fair of caveat just a little bit. The presentation that we’ve put together includes our top 1,000 clients. This analysis I'm giving you is for our top 250 clients. I don't think its going to be any material difference in the numbers. Well as the auto was the weakest it was down about 0.5% and this is total growth this isn't organic growth. Retail is next at about 2.3% growth and financial services was about 3.5% growth. Some of the stronger sectors were consumer products and certainly as the consumer products Telco (ph) and services and they were all up actually over 20%. Well, I think, that Telco was only up 15% so obviously a big range in activity for the quarter.
Craig Huber - Barclays: And just if I can one last one little bit tick. How many shares did you buy back in the quarter and at what average price? Can you just give us little more flavor for why you just suspended your share buyback? I mean given what the stock prices are at, given your outlook is here?
Randall Weisenburger:  It's really a matter of conservatism. Why we suspended is the conservatism with respect to overall capital markets. Obviously there was pretty significant deterioration in capital markets as we went through the quarter. We didn't want to create any additional stress than we needed to on our bank groups or anybody else out there. While we think the stock is probably the cheaply priced, there is no sense in trying to create more stress on what's already a pretty stressful situation.
John Wren: And in the near term cash is king.
Randall Weisenburger:  Yeah. We bought about 10.3 million shares in the quarter with the bulk of that being in July and the very beginning of August and the prices were around, I think the average price is about $42.5.
Craig Huber - Barclays: Great. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger:  Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, and our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Thank you. Could you just give us a bit more color I guess what you have been hearing from your divisional heads or from your larger clients that really how spending has changed now in October beginning in the fourth quarter? Was it a dramatic pullback or is your business just not that volatile and maybe you then compare, how you saw it in October 2001.
John Wren: My division heads are all optimists, which is a great thing. There is caution out there. There is caution and confusion I mean the chatter for the last month has been Congress financial crisis the world collapsing. So there hasn't been a lot of clear actionable information drive from clients other -- above that chatter level at the moment. As I said we have seen an express cutback in some of those spending plans for automotive and for retail sectors. Everybody else remains very cautious, but they haven't indicated they are cutting back as of yet, but that is a day-to-day assessment at this point given where the markets are. The more experienced clients are the ones that are not affected by the credit crisis, know full well that these times once they stabilize allow them if they are strong enough to continue to spend the great opportunities are often created to increase share. So but we haven't got the full assessment yet, because there has been just way too much noise in the marketplace Alexia.
Randall Weisenburger: A couple things of our business is we have, yeah, I will say longer term contracts, if they are not necessarily longer term, but they are contracts that don’t allow that aren't being adjusted sort of day-to-day. What we do in the fourth quarter is our largest quarter for project revenue. John mentioned in his comments an increase lack of visibility with respect to that project spending.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: And just following up on your comments about the flexibility and the cost structure. Do you think it's possible to see flat or even slightly positive margin improvement without if there wasn't any revenue growth in '09?
John Wren: At this point we are still assessing the situation Alexia. We will do as we have done in the past. We'll assess the situation. We'll set targets to keep our employees actually motivated for the near-term and the long-term and get through. Every recession is different. Many ways we are much better prepared than we were the last time around, but it depends on the depth of it.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: And just last question on your top clients, I think new business has been relatively slow but I guess how would you describe the current pipeline for new business. And is there any of your, sort of top, I don't know how you want to quantify the top 10, top 20 clients, in short about risk right now?
John Wren: There is a limited amount of activity out there at the moment. Our media companies in the UK one Boots, yesterday morning I think so there is some activity still going on as you might expect. Again I think everybody is just focused on their own business at the moment. And I don't see a lot of change going on today. And normally the fourth quarter is not the greatest period of activity and sort of holidays even in normal times
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: And any big clients in review?
John Wren: Not that I'm aware of.
Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, and our next question comes from Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Hey, thanks. I'll only ask two. So, Randy you said that the company suspended buybacks in August, I guess, you said July was the big month for it. But in the comments you guys talked about attractive acquisition targets. So, thinking about next year assuming no additional buybacks, what would you expect the impact of acquisitions to have on annual revenue growth? And then secondly, based on your experiences kind of thinking back to the last cycle, when we see large mergers between key clients perhaps automotive or consumer products, what are the ramifications, both positive and negative? Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: First of all, thanks. My comment on share repurchase activity was, we suspended it in August and we won't resume until the financial markets stabilize. I fully suspect they will stabilize at some point. So when you talk about 2009, that's hopefully the financial markets are going to stabilize before that. As far as acquisitions, based upon acquisitions that we've closed to date, I think it's probably somewhere around 1% for next year. The pipeline looks very good. It looks the best I've seen in a long time and the pricing discussions look reasonable at this point. It's not to say that they are going to close until acquisitions close, they don't close. Anything can always seem to derail them. But right now that activity looks pretty good. And your last question, I'm sorry. I forgot it.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: So in the last cycle when you've seen large mergers between clients like just right now or thinking about, let's say, something happens in the automotive sectors between any of the big companies, what are the ramifications historically from a combo of positive and potentially negative from large mergers between key clients.
Randall Weisenburger: It depends if you are on the winning side or on the losing side. It's going to vary situation by situation. Certainly, we think the best agencies in the industry. The quality of their work is second to none. So on average we generally do fairly well in that kind of environment. But, obviously, its going to be dependent upon specific relationships that different people have.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: And given your focus on marketing services, some of your competitors you think that gives you a leg up in those types of situations or in many cases, politics can override what maybe sound decision making?
Randall Weisenburger: Well, all people make good decisions. Our clients are some of the smartest marketers in the world. We believe the best agencies in their disciplines. And on an average, the best companies are generally are going to do better than the other companies. So I feel pretty confident in the quality of our people. In specific situations we have good competitors as well.
John Wren: I would say that once you get passed the immediate short-term of these unknown situations occurring, I can't think over the years of too many situations where we lost a client in a sector and then over a reasonable period of time following that we weren't able to replace it. And that just gets down to the quality of our brands and the fact that we're always focused but we're especially focused on the fundamentals right now.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair & Co. Please go ahead.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: Thank you. Good morning. First question relates to project-oriented revenue in the fourth quarter. I'm curious if there have been any cancellations or delays you've seen yet and how much of the spending in the fourth quarter do you feel like you have some visibility into today if it's 0%, 10%, 50%? And can you give us a rough idea how much project-oriented revenue you have in the fourth quarter?
John Wren: In a normal year, it runs about $200 million. And in a normal year, it wouldn't be fully confirmed for us until about the second week in November. So we're still in that Netherland of time here, where we know what could happen and we're waiting for approval. Some of those projects will definitely come through, but we're not certain and we're not able to sit here today and tell you with any certainties to what's going to occur.
Randall Weisenburger: And I would suspect it will probably be even later where people are probably trying to create as much flexibility as they can in their own budgets.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: Has any portion of this been executed yet or are these all really oriented towards November and December?
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah.
John Wren: Well, the stuff that was scheduled for October is in the process of happening. So we're talking about…
Randall Weisenburger: There's a large number of….
John Wren: Little things.
Randall Weisenburger: …projects. So statistically, some of it has to have happened. What and how much, I don't know. We can't collect. We're not collecting weekly data at that kind of a level.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: But it does sound like there haven't been wide scale cancellations or delays at least yet. Is that a fair assessment right now?
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think widespread cancellations. The sense that I get from a qualitative standpoint is that clients are very cautious, taking a wait and see attitude or wait and see perspective. So I would suspect there probably have been delays.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: Okay, great. And then regarding the flexibility you have in your cost structure and how your accruals work, can you just give us some idea on how much flexibility you have in the fourth quarter? I'm assuming you've got some non-cash accruals that runs through the P&L in the first three quarters that might give you some extra wiggle room in the fourth quarter if plans come down substantially.
John Wren: Financially, from an accrual type of point of view, we have a great deal of flexibility. Qualitatively, what we elect to do based upon the individual performances we see, we haven't gone through that assessment yet. I mean, there I think you have to depend on our history and that we will make a very sensible effort to adjust appropriately with the flexibility that we have. We're not prepared to sacrifice the long-term for short-term gain because we're running the business on a long-term basis and the center of it is talent. Having said that, we're very realistic about what performance is? What the goals and objectives were? And what's fair and not fair? So, we haven't gone through that detail assessment yet because we don't yet know the outcomes.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: And maybe put in context for me the 10% EPS growth that you've talked about in the past. I imagined in this environment that's not a sacred cow. You don't feel like that's something you have to strive for in the fourth quarter, given the environment and your need the balance short-term and long-term.
John Wren: We're not forecasting it at this point. I mean, Randy indicated fourth quarter is kind of unusual. During that negative currency, hit anticipated by the sudden spike of the US dollar plus the uncertainty that's there. Again, we are going to run the business sensibly from a servicing our clients, from a retention and acquisition of people, and we'll make whatever short-term flexible moves we can make. And then we'll make sure that business is in the right shape going out into the future.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: Yeah, not giving forecast, but with looking at '09, right now you've got negative 3.5% or 4% FX. I think, we can on an organic growth basis, there is only a range of what you can achieve in that environment without a change, 10% EPS growth can't be a sacred cow.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: Okay, great. And then I'm just curious if you could give me some qualitative or quantitative sense as to how this recessional I call it feels today versus at a similar time in the '01-'02 timeframe? Does this feel like its going to be more severe, have a bigger impact on the business than what we saw back then which really wasn't a consumer recession at all I suppose.
John Wren: Yeah, the last one really wasn't a consumer recession. If you could get people to go into auto dealerships they could still get credit to buy cars, whereas that fully hasn't been unwound in this one. Probably the biggest change is the last recession just hit us and we were in a mode where we were just responding to it. This one, we had a little bit longer period of time to anticipate it. It doesn't necessarily make it better. It just makes it feel more realistic. So I think credit and the availability of credit to the consumer makes this different than the four recessions that I have been able to manage through in the past. And there will be open questions until we see the credit markets come back and some of that credit start to flow more easily.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: Okay, good and then if I could ask just one final question. The February convert, I wonder if you could walk us quickly through the range of possible outcomes here. What has to happen for there to be the opportunity to keep the convert in place? I don't know if the spread that exists today is too wide and would undermine your ability to make supplemental interest payments, just if you could let us know what would have to happen? Maybe in today’s credit environment you could keep that outstanding. Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, I don't think it's a credit. My understanding today is that the convertible bonds market that there is significantly liquidity problems in the convertible bond funds. As such, I'm not sure there is much you could do today to keep the bond outstanding. We are willing to pay a -- or reasonable cost of financing for the bond, where the stock prices currently traded. The conversion feature of the bond has minimal value and therefore it’s a one year zero we should be willing to pay our one year cost of money to keep the bond outstanding. And we will be willing to do that. I don't know. I don't believe today that would be enough to keep all of the bonds outstanding. If the bond comes back, we will fund it by drawing down under our bank facilities and look at our options in the capital markets for refinancing that or paying it down with our cash flow. We obviously prefer to keep the bond outstanding, but that preference is conditioned upon our normal cost of debt not an exorbitant cost of debt.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Co: Okay. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from the line of Catriona Fallon with Citi. Please go ahead.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Yes, thank you. A lot of my questions have been answered. Could you comment, Randy, on the net new business of $930 million. What does this mean for organic growth next year? It's a little less than what we saw last year.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think one quarter alone means much one way or the other. Historically I will say in sort of a normal environment if we looked at kind of our trailing four quarter, net new business wins, if we applied sort of a 10% or 12% revenue rate on that. That would be a pretty significant piece of our organic growth in the following 12 months. Now again that's in a normal environment, because organic growth consists of the revenue off of net new business wins, but it also consists of increases and decreases in existing accounts or existing account activity. So in an abnormal environment the existing business may shrink and the organic and the net new business wins accounts for a much higher percentage of your organic growth than in a regular environment. So it's certainly an important piece, but I think it's hard to predict what's going to happen one year certainly from one quarter's net new business wins.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay. So just doing that math then 10% to 12% on the low-end would be in the 2.5% organic growth for next year and that's just based on the net new business wins and not the ups and downs of the existing clients?
Randall Weisenburger: Right, in a normal environment the net new, if you apply that 10% or 12% revenue rate, that's someplace maybe around 70% of organic growth in the following 12 months. In a bad economic environment because your existing base could be coming down, it could be 200% of organic growth. In these kind of environments a lot of those normal factors really just don't compute.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay. And then is that really what you were implying when you said that you have less visibility into Q4 and into the future? Does this mean that you have actually less revenue that's kind of on the books already or that clients are more resistant to sign these long-term contracts?
Randall Weisenburger: No. The contracts aren't really long-term. The contract current base hasn't changed. The Q4 visibility is really more around project revenue.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay.
Randall Weisenburger: There is a couple of hundred million dollars of project revenue in Q4. There is always a little bit of lack of visibility with that revenue in Q4. Fortunately, we don't go through too many recessions. How that projects revenue acts in a recession is going to be different recession-to-recession and its different year-to-year, but it's certainly a lot less visibility given this economic backdrop. Going into next year as John pointed out, there is a lot of wait and see and a lot of caution. So budgets are getting developed, I think later this year than normal. Going into any year, we probably have some place between 85% and 90% of revenue is pretty well known, which I think for most industries is pretty high. But with 10% of your business not known and sort of that new business and project category, if you're expecting plus or minus 1% accuracy, 10% is a lot of variability.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay. And then my last question is just on the digital spend. Could you give some color as to what percentage of your revenue has to do with digital projects? And how are customers changing the way they are looking at where to spend their dollars going forward?
John Wren: I have interact that they will spend in the quarter to tell you the truth. I think we might have to get back to you on that answer. Typically, digital is a very large spectrum of definition. I think everything is going digital or there is a huge digital component to it. Maybe this doesn't answer your question exactly, but what we've seen in prior recessions is that budgets which are allocated to new areas of technology and testing the marketplace tend to be the first that get cut back and people rely on traditional proven methods if a recession is deep enough. Doesn't mean it doesn't get eliminated. It just doesn't get funded or grow as fast because people have other priorities. But I don't think in the first nine months we've seen much movement in terms of what the existing budgets were. But I don't have the forecast going forward.
Randall Weisenburger: And the definition of digital is, frankly, blending a lot. Our PR businesses have significant digital capabilities now to execute PR strategies in a digital or Internet world. Our traditional agencies have fairly significant percentages of their business executing their ideas in the digital media. Then we have standalone digital firms, maybe, mostly focused on, I will say, digital CRM and maybe some of the heavier technology websites. Again, those are broad statements and all of them. So it's hard for us to separate out what's digital and what isn't. We get into media buying and planning, there is certainly buying media on online or on the Internet that certainly can be separated out.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead
Randall Weisenburger: I think this will be our last question. Go ahead, Dan.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. I wanted to just dig in for a little bit more detail on the other category in your revenue by territory. The growth rate came down a little bit there and still remains pretty strong, but hoping you could give us more color on -- with the growth slowing there how much of that as currency, how much is that organic and then likewise how much is that we think is traditional emerging markets be that the brick economies or southeast Asia or the Middle East versus some of the more established markets in that grouping? 
Randall Weisenburger: It definitely includes the brick economies. I think in general the brick economies did very well in the quarter from an organic growth standpoint. FX certainly could be a piece of this. FX in places like in Brazil over the quarter changed fairly dramatically. I think going into next year or, frankly, going into the fourth quarter, I think the currency from Brazil moved 20 plus percent negative going through some the other -- organic growth in the brick markets was very substantial. Organic growth in the Middle East was very substantial as I mentioned. South Africa may have slowed in the quarter, but again that some of these changes are relatively small on a dollars basis.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: That's helpful. Just maybe a little bit more of a broader way to look at it is maybe just get your thoughts on how that revenue stream we hear the phrase decoupling from the US economy, how much, it looks as if, that may correlate to any weakness in the US, UK and the Western European markets going forward?
John Wren: I don't think we necessarily buy into the decoupling theory. Having said that, you can go from China which is still expected to grow in the high single-digits to the US, which you tell me is probably in negative growth. So I think the US consumer and his lack of vitality will have an impact on a lot of these manufacturing and exporting nations which are commodity based.
Randall Weisenburger: I think...
John Wren: So there will still be a lot of growth there and still very encouraged by those markets especially in the long run. But it has to be a short-term impacts.
Randall Weisenburger: I think given our international client base in many of the emerging markets, we have a higher percentage of revenues from our multinational clients than we might normally have. As a result, we're probably even more coupled than the economies are coupled in general.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Okay. Thank you all very much. With that, we'll call it a morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: Great and thank you. And Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - EVP and CFO John Wren - President CEO
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer Ben Schachter - UBS Securities Catriona Fallon - Citi Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom second quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to now introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2008 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release, and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on page one of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions at the end.
John Wren: Good morning and thank you for all for joining our call. Let me start by saying that we were pleased with our second quarter performance. The results were in line with our expectations. As Randy has just mentioned, he'll take you through all the details in just a couple of minutes, but there are just a couple of areas I'd like to highlight. Our revenue growth in the second quarter continued to be strong in the US despite the difficult operating environment for many of our clients. In Europe, growth was on plan except for the UK, Spain and Italy which experienced some slower growth. Revenue growth though in the rest of the world was strong, with very solid performance in the emerging markets of Asia, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Latin America. As for our mix of business, revenue grew as we expected. Advertising grew at 9.8%. Organic growth in advertising continued to be strong, despite the economic challenges in the US, we were on plan. We did have some impact in the quarter from last year's third quarter loss of AT&Ts wireline business and Dell, but we'll cycle through those losses a little later in the year. We were very encouraged by the growth in our marketing services business where growth was very strong. As Randy will explain, clients increased their spending in specialty and measurable marketing areas, such as CRM, which grew 17% for the quarter. Looking forward, we remain cautious about the economy, but we believe we are well positioned to adjust to these changing market conditions. Despite the economic headwinds, we continue to invest in our people and our business units at record levels. I'd like to just take a second and turn to acquisitions. As many of you know, we've been very conservative. I'm still hopeful though that we'll start to see price income more in line with our historic expectations. Despite our discipline, I guess our acquisitions have been growing at about 1% or thereabouts a little bit more over the past couple of periods. One positive side of the economic slowdown is a reduction in the financial buyers interested in our industry. Additionally, some of our competitors who have aggressively paid in our opinion uneconomic prices for some of their acquisitions have weakened their balance sheets, and we will be limited going forward in their ability to do acquisitions. As a result, we're hopeful that pricing will become more sensible, and we expect that we'll do more deals going forward. With that, I'll turn this back to Randy and then we'll both be available to answer questions.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks, John. As John noted, we are very pleased with the performance of our agencies this quarter. First from a product perspective, our agencies again distinguished themselves at the Cannes Advertising Festival this year, winning each of the three top spots for Agency of the Year as well as the number one and number two spots for Network of the Year. And from a financial perspective, we feel we had a very strong quarter, as the numbers will show, especially given the overall economic backdrop that we're all observing. Revenue in the second quarter increased $351 million to almost $3.5 billion. That was an increase of 11.2%. Revenue for the six months increased $705 million to $6.67 billion, which was an increase of 11.8%. Operating profit for the quarter increased 12% to $517 million with an operating margin of about 14.9%, which was up almost 10 basis points from last year. For the six months, operating profit increased 11.6% to $867.6 million, and that was a margin of 13%. Net interest expense for the quarter was $18.7 million. That was down $3.5 million from last year, and up about $7.7 million from Q1. First, the year-over-year improvement is primarily the result of not needing to make the supplemental interest payment on our 2032 bonds last July, as well as continued improvements in our cash management efforts and higher interest income on our foreign cash balances. Those benefits were offset by higher interest expense on our Euro and Yen denominated swaps. The increase from Q1 is primarily the result of increased average debt balances, or I should more likely say lower-cash balances, as many of our larger cash payments such as bonuses and earn out payments are paid in the second quarter, as well as an increase in interest expense on our Euro and Yen swaps. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was about 33.6% bringing the full year rate to 33.7% which is pretty consistent with last year. Net income for the quarter increased 11% to $307 million, bringing net income year-to-date up to $515.6 million. And that was an increase of 12.2%. Fully diluted earnings per share reflected our performance for the quarter as well as the impact of our share repurchase activity, increasing 14.3% to $0.96 per share. For the six months, EPS increased 16.7% to $1.61. Analyzing our revenue performance, FX in the quarter and for the six months was positive at 5.2%. Looking ahead if rates stay where they are, FX should continue to be positive in the 4% range for Q3 and the 2.5% to 3% range for Q4. Growth from acquisitions, net of divestitures, added about $38 million to revenue in the quarter, or 1.2%. And organic growth was very solid especially given the economic backdrop coming at 4.8%, adding approximately $150 million to our revenue. Year-to-date organic growth was $331 million, or about 5.6%. You should also note our new business performance in the quarter was again very strong with net wins totaling just over $1.1 billion. As for our mix of business, traditional media advertising accounted for about 43% of revenue, and marketing services 57%. As for their respective growth rates, advertising grew 9.8% in the quarter, and marketing services increased 12.4%. Breaking down our marketing services revenue, CRM continued to be very strong growing 17.2%, public relations was up 3.7% and specialty communications was up 4.1%. This category, specialty communications, consists primarily of recruitment advertising, healthcare and our directory business. As we mentioned before, the directory business has not been performing well. And recruitment advertising is probably our most economically sensitive business, and it's been feeling the effects of the economy for a couple of quarters now. This quarter, two things that affected organic growth stand out. First, we felt the year-over-year impact of the AT&T wireline and Dell losses, which occurred in the second half of last year, and we haven't yet felt the offsetting effect of some of the larger wins we had in Q4 and Q1. And second, we are beginning to clearly see a shift in the mix of client spending from traditional media advertising to CRM. As a result, organic growth in traditional media advertising slowed in the quarter and organic growth in marketing and services, and more specifically the CRM category accelerated quite significantly. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 50.4% US, 49.6% international. Within the US revenue increased $92 million, or 5.5%. Acquisitions added about $20 million, or 1.2%, and organic growth was 4.3%, adding about $72 million to our revenue. International revenue increased $259 million, or 17.7%. FX accounted for $163 million of that growth, or about 11.1%. Acquisitions added $18 million and organic growth came in at 5.3%, adding about $78 million to our growth. Internationally we had strong performances in the emerging markets of Asia, the Middle East, Asia and Eastern Europe, as well as in the established markets of Asia; like Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong also we had strong growth in Latin America. We did experience slower growth in the quarter in the UK, Spain and Italy, as well as Canada. Cash flow for the first six months was strong and consistent with historical trends. Our primary source of cash, as always, was net income adjusted for basic non-cash charges; primarily stock-based compensation and the related tax benefits, and then depreciation and amortization. Those items together totaled $669 million. Our primary uses of cash were dividends which totaled 97.3 million, capital expenditures, about 92.7 million, and acquisitions, including earn-out payments from prior acquisitions, totaled approximately $210 million. Share repurchases for the first six months totaled 408 million, and we also received about $64 million of proceeds from option exercises and stocks sold under our employee stock purchase plans. That resulted in net repurchase activity for the six months of $344 million. As a result of our repurchase activity over the last 12 months, our average diluted share count was reduced from last year by about 3%, down to 321 million shares. Current credit picture; we finished the quarter in a strong capital markets position. Year-over-year, our net debt balance decreased about $124 million, and our operating leverage ratios, specifically EBIT to net interest and net debt to EBIT, continued to improve. From a liquidity perspective, we also finished the quarter in a very strong position with cash and un-drawn committed credit facilities totaling almost $3.5 billion, and we had an additional uncommitted credit facilities available, totaling $600 million. So again we believe Q2 was a strong quarter overall, and we are cautiously optimistic about how we are positioned going into the second half of the year. Now both John and I will be happy to take questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question, then this morning, comes from there line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you, a couple of questions. First, did you see any significant trends as the quarter progressed, like a meaningful deceleration of growth or anything that may suggest you would see a bigger fall off in Q3, or the back half of the year?
Randall Weisenburger: No.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Okay. Randy, how would you characterize the operating environment in terms of expense control? Are you being a bit more cautious or taking more drastic steps in light of a potential slow down?
Randall Weisenburger: No. We started taking steps probably at the end of last year, and certainly in the first quarter. We asked all of our operating companies to manage their costs and staffing levels on a very tight basis. So hopefully, we've been ahead of it. We'll obviously continue to adjust businesses and cost structures as the environment, or if the environment, changes.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: And the directory business has been a bit of a drag for awhile. Any reason to keep it? Any thoughts of divesting it?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, we are in the process of trying to divest it. I was hoping to get that deal done in the second quarter. It didn't happen. I'm hopeful that it's going to happen in the third quarter.
John Wren: But at this point, it's a little very small business, Alexia.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Okay .John, just one last thing to clarify: You had mentioned that AT&T and Dell, do you think you are probably going to cycle through that loss in about the fourth quarter of this year. Is that right?
John Wren: Yeah. We lost it in the end of the third quarter last year. There's about an equal impact in the third quarter, as to what we faced in the second, and then it really channels down in the fourth quarter, and then it's gone.
Randall Weisenburger: This quarter was also a little bit of an anomaly, in that some of the larger wins we had in the fourth quarter and Q1, we didn't really start seeing it in the revenues. There is a lag time with some of the losses and some of the wins.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Okay. I'll let someone else jump on. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Hi, good morning. Just as you guys look out to the second half, is there any large areas or large customers or sectors that you see a meaningful pull back on in committed spending?
John Wren: A meaningful cut back that they've communicated to us? No. Obviously the automotive sector is something that has been very challenged in the United States and the environment changes every day, I think. So we remain cautious.
Randall Weisenburger: Financial Services is a sector that's probably mixed by client.
John Wren: Right. So there are challenges out there, for sure but we've been facing these all year in those two sectors. So I haven't seen any significant cut backs, with respect to us. We are not a proxy for broadcast media. So there could be a shift, as we've seen in the quarter, between very measurable marketing services which are the largest part of our company versus what is spent in the broadcast or some of the other media areas. So we have seen shifts. We haven't seen reductions to our revenue base. I don't know if I'm being clear.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, what we've pointed out a couple times is we see a shift or if there is a shift in spending from traditional to say CRM, generally we capture a bit more of the clients overall spend. Obviously there's work, labor to go with it. So we can capture a bit higher percentage of their overall spend, which certainly mitigates the changes. We also it's worth pointing out we have a much higher market share relative to our competitors in the marketing services field, so those shifts from a market share standpoint kind of moves to one of our strengths as well.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Then just a nitpick question on share buybacks. What was the average price you spent on stock repurchases in the second quarter and how many shares did you buy, please?
Randall Weisenburger: That's going to take us a minute to look up. Why don't we go to another question, and as we look it up and I get the number I'll just say it.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: If I could just ask one other thing; you mentioned Canada, Spain, Italy and UK, was it all you think just economic driven, the slower growth or negative growth in those four countries?
John Wren: Spain and Italy have been more or less in an economic recession for the last couple of quarters. The UK, we saw a flat performance in the second quarter which was a slight reduction in performance. Canada, we are torn. We think there's an impact of the Dell loss in Canada.
Randall Weisenburger: I think you also had some with the currency; I think there have been historically some near-shoring to Canada with currency and I think that is basically going away at this point.
John Wren: That was specifically in digital, and primarily in digital, and some other areas. So that's equalized.
Randall Weisenburger: So basically we don't really think it's the economy. At least with the data we have, it doesn't appear to be economy driven in Canada.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks and our next question then comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. Two quick questions; Just maybe digging a little bit beyond some of your segments reporting and into your marketing services and CRM segment, are there any particular marketing techniques that you are seeing your customers and your clients rather pick up a little bit more than others, particularly in that CRM segment? And then, secondly on the acquisition activity, it sounds like you are still mostly staying on the sidelines right now beyond sort of traditional buys in digital and emerging markets. Are there any specific areas that you're looking at? I know in the past, you've talked about analytics and targeting technology. Any updates on what type of candidates you're looking for there would be great. Thank you.
John Wren: Last question first; I think you have primarily our targets outlined pretty well for us. We think that we've been very disciplined about pricing for a long time. The financial buyers are really gone away and our competitors have really exhausted their balance sheets when you look past the fiction of net debt and you look at what the gross debt on balance sheets is. We are in a great position going forward as opportunities come more in line to actually complete some transactions. We don't have anything teed up, as you'll see in the third quarter per se, but we do have a we have number of targets which we'll be able to pursue I think more aggressively than we have had in the past. In terms of CRM, it's a broad array of techniques and products. It depends on the client base. It is different from financial services than it is for automotive, or than it is for consumer goods. We are very, very deep in the area and we've been enjoying it wherever there's a clear measurement that a dollar spent brings back $2 and clients are very, very willing to continue to increase their spending in those areas.
Randall Weisenburger: And basically anything that is driving I'll say next day sales or near-term sales, is probably a more accurate term, driving traffic to stores, et cetera. Going back to the question about stock repurchase in the second quarter, we bought 1.53 or just over that 1 million shares with an average price of about $48 a share. Second quarter repurchase activity is generally our lowest quarter. That's where our highest cash outflows from, and I mentioned in my comments, bonus payments and earn-out payments. So, we tend to use our free cash to buying shares given those other payments, the second quarter is generally a lower quarter. I would suspect we will return to more normal buyback activity in Q3 and Q4. Dan, did you have other questions?
Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets: No, that's great. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have a question then from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Hi, my first question is about margins. I believe that the ongoing growth driven by currencies has a negative mix shift effect on your margins. If I'm correct, any idea, any approximation on how much of a drag that is on margins, so we can get a context on kind of an apples-to-apples basis what your margin improvement looks like?
John Wren: It does have a negative drag. I haven't calculated it. My guess is it's in the 10 to 30 basis points range with FX at these levels.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. Second is your net tranche converts come up at the end of this month. If they end up getting put how should we think about the impact that you could face on your interest expense or your share repurchase activity for the remainder of the year?
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think it would impact our share repurchase activity. It would impact our interest expense or reported interest expense.
John Wren: But you are really a week away, Troy, from knowing that, to put it in your model rather than us speculating about it today. I'm not trying to short list your answer.
Randall Weisenburger: And we have been reasonably good in our objective will be to keep the bonds outstanding.
John Wren: Right.
Randall Weisenburger: So I suspect, based upon past practice, I think we've had a pretty good track record at making the appropriate supplemental interest payments if they necessary to keep the bonds outstanding. I would suspect we'll do that again this time.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay, good. And then looking at your environment and client losses, and just trying to understand a little bit more how you view your organic growth in the quarter, has the environment changed that substantially, or should we consider the organic growth this quarter, which is a deceleration from last quarter as being primarily driven by some of the client losses that you have and the lag in tick up of new activity that you've won earlier this year and late last year?
John Wren: There was an impact to those things for sure, which muted it a bit, but there is an economic headwind out there and we are not immune from it. I think what we are seeing in the new business areas, we are winning which is great. We've seen this in past recessions where it takes a little longer to ramp up into start to spending associated with those new business wins. This happened four times that I can remember pretty clearly in my career. It seems to be true this time around as well. When that changes, how that changes, nobody gets a memo. It's just a lagging effect, and at some point it will resume normal activity. It's just we are seeing that delay. So a win that you get today, which you would expect to start to see revenue in more normal times three months from now, you might not see that revenue coming in for five or six months, and that's pretty classic.
Randall Weisenburger: Four things to sort of highlight in organic growth. First of all, we pointed this out for a few years now. There is a Q1, Q3, versus Q2, Q4 organic difference. We've tended to have slower organic growth in Q2 and Q4, which I think is driven largely by changes in revenue recognition policy. I shouldn't say policy, revenue recognition and client contracting as clients shift. Second, is the timing of the Dell, AT&T losses and not seeing some of the offsetting larger wins coming through? Finally, I think we saw a positive benefit in the quarter of a mix shift towards CRM. So I think those four things really drove the organic growth this quarter, some positive, and some negative. But basically I think at 4.8%, organic growth overall was inline with what we would have expected going into the quarter.
John Wren: The difference between us being pleased versus great is in absolute terms $30 million, so we can't get to that granular when we are talking about such a small number.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: In terms of those that are adversely affecting organic growth, which is the most substantial?
Randall Weisenburger: I think they are probably about equal. I think the Q1, Q2 phenomena is about a point and I would think the Dell, AT&T is probably about a point.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. And then new business wins in the quarter? $1.1 billion?
John Wren: Yeah, just over 1.1 billion.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. I'll let someone else speak. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have a question from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Hi. Thanks. Three questions; the first, is there any kind of lag between when money is pulled out of advertising, and then moved into marketing services? Is there a lag where they are strategizing where the money is going to go? The second question, does slower advertising have an impact on your working capital? So if working capital was down year-over-year is that because of slower advertising or because of timing of the quarter close? And last question, the leverage ratio is down year-over-year. Would you guys expect to essentially raise leverage to buyback some more stock, or should we assume that you guys will be somewhat cautious with the increasing leverage, as a result of the economic backdrop? Thanks.
John Wren: Third thing, first; we'll continue to be cautious. View it as sensible, as opposed to cautious. But as Randy has said I think many, many times, for the activities of dividends, capital, most acquisitions and then dividend repurchases, they are the result of the free cash flow that we generate. So we are not stepping away from that at this point. That will all be done within our own ability to manage that. Your first question, there is nothing scientific or measurable that I can tell you. That really depends client by client. It aggregates into where I can't give you any generalizations as to somebody walking away, say from a broadcast type of commitment and then reinvesting its money in CRM. That has more to do with bottom up plans rather than industry type of trends. And your second question...
Randall Weisenburger: It was a working capital question. Working capital came in inline. I don't have enough insight or details to say whether or not that was because of any, if there was any change because of our mix of business. I think working capital, for us cash flow in the quarter, was pretty consistent based on the past. So I didn't see anything there.
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Ben Schachter with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: I was wondering if we could drill down a little bit deeper into the UK and understand (sort of 38:52) what are the key verticals or what are the key things going on affecting growth there. And also to clarify one of the earlier questions in terms of what you've seen throughout the quarter, my understanding of how you answered was basically that June was the same as the earlier months and you didn't see any particular weakness in June? Just want to do clarify that. Thanks.
John Wren: That's true. The performance that we saw throughout the quarter was very consistent with plan and there wasn't any noticeable deceleration in June at all in terms of the UK.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think there was anything that really stood out?
Randall Weisenburger: Why don't we go on to another question and we'll take a look at some numbers to come back to that one, but I don't think there was anything that stood out.
Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: All right. Just on the US organic, when you start to think about when that can recover, not getting a head of yourselves. But what do you think are going to be the leading indicators to show how that can actually begin to re-accelerate again?
Randall Weisenburger: When you go through some of the things that I said affected organic growth, you have to look at those with respect to domestic and international as well. So while I mentioned Dell, AT&T is about a point, those are predominantly domestic losses. So that kind of doubles up because you've effectively got half of our revenue in the United States, as those two items that are predominantly US were one point in total. It's really two points to the US. So I'm not sure the US really slowed quite as dramatically from an economic perspective as the numbers really appear. So, I think that will offset with CRM is also probably a little bit stronger here in the US.
Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: Okay. Go ahead.
John Wren: Ordering enough in the UK, it's probably in the aggregate of about 10% of our business. The only consistent companies that had a deceleration were our recruitment advertising business, which we fully expect and anticipate and has been going on. It muted growth. We went from being slightly positive in the first quarter to flat in the second quarter. And just from a cursory look, there's nothing that speaks to any trend that I can tell you. They've suffered from Financial Services declines as well there plus a little nervous numbers in their overall economic situation. So I'm sorry, I don't have any more specific to tell you.
Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: And the last question, in terms of digital and the acquisitions you might be interested in there, what types of digital companies are you most interested in, platform, specific verticals, what are you thinking there?
Randall Weisenburger: We are always looking at a variety of things. One, we are looking to fill all I'll say, holes or vacancies in our current capabilities both from a geography standpoint. Each of our existing brands is looking to fill out their capabilities to better serve their client needs. We are always looking for great quality, additional platforms. Right now we have a very extensive digital capability, both from a standalone basis, as well as, we focused, or our agencies have focused on building the digital capabilities within their traditional businesses. As we've always said, we think digital is really more of a medium than a discipline. Although, the capabilities need to be built to make sure we are able to serve our clients in that medium.
Ben Schachter - UBS Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then comes from the line of Catriona Fallon with Citi. Please go ahead.
Catriona Fallon - Citi:  Yes, good morning.
Randall Weisenburger: Good morning, Catriona.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Good morning. So, when we hear discussions about say Procter & Gamble keeping a key, an eye on spending, Nissan perhaps trimming $100 million from their add spend, maybe even Anheuser-Busch having to reign in spend after being acquired, how is this pullback going to manifest itself over the year or so? So for instance, if a $100 million campaign becomes $90 billion, where would we see that pullback? And is this primarily in media buying, or one other medium might be seeing some weakness?
John Wren: Well, if you see it for instance in media buying, you won't see it through our numbers because most of that money is going out to third-parties.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Okay.
John Wren: It's not revenue that we capture. We are the agent so we do the campaigns. The amount of money that gets spent in media, if there is a move from traditional type of advertising media platforms to other techniques and ways to reach consumers, the shift in one off times are very positive to us, not a negative even though it may affect the media sector say in the U.S.. It doesn't have the same impact to our numbers. In many cases we can generate more revenue through the marketing services that some of that money is diverted to.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Great. And then one other question. You'd said that you do receive a larger share of the pie for digital campaign. Can you give us some color on the contribution in a campaign like that for creative, whether it's website development, display buying, advert buying? And within that, then what are the areas of strength and how do the margins compare to this type of work versus traditional advertising?
Randall Weisenburger: Margins are pretty comparable. As far as the work goes, there's significantly more work that we do. If we are doing say, we are building websites or web presence, web marketing ideas; all of those waive is really ours. So if a client were to spend $10 million in traditional media, much of that money is going to the media. Another hunk of money is going to third parties that are actually, I'll say, producing the commercial. Then we're getting paid for the design, architecture, creative work. When you throw that on the Web, we are getting paid for the design, architecture, creative work, plus the execution work. And very little money is really going to third parties. If we're doing online, say, media buying and planning, key word search, banner ads, rich media whatever, again the commission percentage or the fee percentage to our agencies is generally much higher than TV. It's obviously a lot more work to spend $20 million on online than it is to spend $20 million in a TV campaign. So the commissions are generally multiples of each other. Behind it within the margin, the margins are about the same.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Are you seeing a transition? Are clients talking about mean certainly there's the move to the web but then between TV and magazines and radio, are you seeing some specific areas of strength and weakness?
Randall Weisenburger: I haven't really heard of anything standing out in a dramatic way. Different clients have different plans and different things they are trying to execute.
John Wren: If you take a look at the automotive sector, which I think clearly is cutback in terms of its media spending, I think that has had a real impact on all those categories, certainly broadcast TV, certainly print because people are trying to, and in the same area, same spending reduction there's been an increase in terms of online type of investments and ways to reach the consumers and showroom. So certain industry sectors I think traditionally have been heavier in one media or another. And so where you have difficulties in a sector, you'll see a greater impact.
Catriona Fallon - Citi: Great. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay, great. Thanks. That question will come from the line of Matt Chesler with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. A follow-up on the accelerating growth that you're seeing in CRM. Beyond the mix shift between traditional and marketing services that you spoke about, was there anything unusual that took place in CRM in the quarter? Is there -- are your acquisitions concentrated all in this area? What was organic growth in the second quarter in CRM? It looks like relative to organic growth in the first quarter in CRM?
John Wren: It accelerated quite a bit in the second quarter. And I don't think the acquisitions are concentrated in the CRM space, and frankly FX is probably a little bit lower in CRM than it is in traditional media advertising as well.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: The organic growth accelerated 1Q to 2Q in CRM?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: In your prepared remarks, you highlighted Asia as being strong, but did it specifically call China?
Randall Weisenburger: China was very strong.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: China was very strong?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Can you provide some commentary on the progress of Beijing related on the fixed planning relative to your expectations?
Randall Weisenburger: I can't. Maybe John can.
John Wren: I can't with any accuracy. No, I didn't bother to try to dissect it. I apologize.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And finally, the pace of new business pitches, earlier in the year seemed to be running a little bit slower. Have you noticed any changes industry wide, or with regards to the pitches that you have involved in and the pace are they still running slower than usual this year, and if so are you still expecting or waiting for a pick up?
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, I'm still waiting for a pick up. It has been a bit slower than in the recent past. Again, this follows a pattern of just when you get economic slowdown, there tend to be fewer pitches when you are in the middle of that. At least that's historically what I've experienced and we are in that same area right now I think. There's activity, but not blockbuster activity.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Finally, can you make any commentary regarding the level of new pitches and your involvement in that relative to your future investment and your last year margins?
Randall Weisenburger: I'm not quite sure that I understood the question.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Is there any near-term relationship between the amount of new pitch activity that you're involved in and the margins that you're able to deliver quarter-by-quarter?
Randall Weisenburger: This pitch cost, there's definitely a cost associated with it. So there may be something, there's nothing that I can really pull out of the numbers and say that it had this affect or that effect. As a percentage of our overall cost base, I don't think those numbers probably really standout one way or the other. Keep in mind, when we're talking about pitch activity, I think we are largely addressing kind of the bigger pitches. Sort of the three yards and a cloud of dust-type work happens everyday around the world with all our agencies. That activity certainly continues and that base of new business, which is very important to the consistency of Omnicom is out there and I think remained in the quarter just as robust as it has been. It's the sort of the larger one-off pitches that are harder to time, they are not -- they're probably only maybe in a big year 15 or 20 of those and they don't happen on necessarily a steady quarter-to-quarter basis.
Matt Chesler - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, and I'll thank everyone again for taking the time to listen to our call. We'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Okay. Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - EVP and CFO John D. Wren - President and CEO
Analysts: Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets, US Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank, NA Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Global Markets
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Omnicom First Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce today's conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead sir.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our first quarter earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both, the press release and our presentation covering the information that we are planning to present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on page one of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for the quarter, and then John and I'll both be happy to take questions at the end.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Let me start by saying that the first quarter was a great start for the 2008 and for the Group across all of our regions. As Randy has just mentioned, we'll take you through all the details in just a couple of minutes. But there is just a couple of areas that I'd like to highlight. Our revenue growth in the first quarter was very strong in the U.S. and is also supported by the strong growth in Europe, as well as Asia and South America. During the fourth quarter call, I mentioned that growth in U.K and France did slow a bit. However, as I expected this wasn't the trend as the two regions performed well, two countries perform well during the quarter. This quarter, we didn't see any unexpected shifts in client spending patterns. Our revenue growth continues to be strong in all of our markets and disciplines expect for recruitment advertising and the small Yellow Page advertising business that we own. We believe that we're well positioned for the remainder of 2008. This is principally supported by our agencies, who continue to be the creative leaders in our industry. Like most of our clients, we remain cautious about the economy. But to-date, as I said, we've not seen any significant reductions in clients spending... clients spending and non-U.S growth remains strong. I think a key component to our success lies in our ability to continue to invest in our business. During 2007, we invested at a record level and we've continued that pace into 2008. Separately, acquisition activity or opportunities picked up a bit. We closed I believe four deals during the quarter and we are starting to see pricing, although I believe this will still take a little longer to come more inline with our historic expectations and that should create additional opportunities for the company. Switching to net new business, Randy will cover in a lot more detail, but our net new business wins for the quarter just about $1.2 billion and we will continue to see that back again after the hick-up in the fourth quarter of last year. With this, I will turn it back to Randy and then we'll both be available to answer your questions later on.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. As John noted, we're very pleased with the strong performance of our agencies and while it's only the first quarter of year, we believe we are up to a solid start. Revenue in the first quarter increased $354.8 million to almost $3.2 billion. That was an increase of 12.5%. Operating profit increased 11.2% to $350.8 million, that's an operating margin of 11%. Operating costs and incentives were in line with our expectations in prior, with the exception of severance costs which was somewhat higher due primarily to our desire to make sure staffing levels are tight going into the year. Net interest expense for the quarter was $11 million. That was down $7.3 million from the first quarter 2007. It was also down about $3.3 million from the fourth quarter of last year. The year-over-year improvement is primarily the result of not needing to make a supplemental interest payment on our 2032 bond in the last July, offset by higher interest rates on our euro and yen denominated short-term debt. The quarter-to-quarter improvement was primarily the result of our cash management initiatives and higher interest income on our foreign cash balances. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter was about 33.9% which was in line with last year's full year rate. Affiliate income increased almost $3 million year-over-year, the most significant increases coming from BBDO's affiliates in Australia and the Middle East. Both are well managed agency groups that perform consistently. Minority interest increased just over $5 million. The primary drivers were BBDO and DDB in Germany and Brazil and OMG in Eastern Europe. In addition, since almost all of our minority interests are in international markets, FX had a meaningful impact as well. Net income for the quarter increased 14% to $208.7 million and most important, fully diluted earnings per share increased 18.2% to $0.65 per share. Analyzed in our revenue performance, FX in the quarter was positive 5.1%, adding a $145.6 million to our revenue. Growth from acquisitions net of divestitures added about $28 million to revenue in the quarter were about 1%. And organic growth continue to be very strong in the quarter coming in at 6.4% and adding $181.2 million to our revenue. And as John mentioned on the new business front, again it was a very solid start to year with net wins totaling $1.2 billion. As far as mix of business, traditional media advertising accounted for 43.5% of our revenue and marketing services 56.5%. As for their respective growth rates, advertising grew 13.5% in the quarter and marketing and services 11.7%. Within marketing services, COM continue to be very strong growing 14.8%, public relations was up 7.1% and specialty communications 5.8%. It's worth noting, in the PR and specialty communications disciplines, our geographic mix leans heavily to the United States. As a result in times like these, where the FX impact is more significant, the total growth rate in these disciplines at least on a relative basis is skewed a bit low. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 52% U.S and 48% international. In the United States, revenue increased by $117.3 million, or 7.6%. Acquisitions accounted for 1% of that growth, or $14 million and organic growth remained very strong at 6.7%, adding just over a $103 million to our revenue. The international side revenue increased $237.5 million, or 18.3%. FX was very strong adding a $145.6 million, or about 11.2% of that growth. Acquisitions added almost $14 million, or just over 1% and organic growth again came in very strong at 6%, adding $78 million to our growth. As the growth rates indicate, in the United States, the business remains very solid despite the overall market turmoil. Internationally, the business performed in line with the fourth quarter, with strong performances in the emerging markets of Asia, the Middle-East and Eastern Europe, as well as in the established markets of Asia, like Australia and New Zealand and Hong Kong. We also continue to have good results across most of the euro markets and the U.K and France which had been weak in the fourth quarter of the last year, showed strong improvement. Cash flow for the year was strong and consistent with our historical trends and our cash management programs have continued to perform very well. Our primary source of cash was net income, adjusted for stock-based compensation and related cash tax benefits, as well as depreciation and amortization. Those amounts totaled $285.2 million. Our primary uses of cash were dividends which were $49.1 million in the quarter, CapEx totaled $42.2 million, acquisitions including earn-out payments on prior acquisitions totaled $89 million and share repurchases in the quarter totaled $316 million, but we also received $33.2 million of proceeds from autumn option exercises and stock sold under our employee stock purchase plan. That resulted in net repurchases of about $282.8 million. As a result of our repurchase activity over the last 12 months, our average diluted share count for the quarter declined about 4.3% to just under $321 million shares. We finished the quarter in a very strong credit position. As you can see at the top of the current credit picture slide with a decline in our net interest expense over the last the 12 months, combined with about a 12% increase in EBIT, our operating leverage improved sharply. From a liquidity standpoint, our current liquidity position is very strong. We finished the quarter with cash and undrawn committed facilities totaling over $3.3 billion and we had uncommitted facilities of an additional $0.5 billion. And with that, now I'll ask the operator to open up the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead sir.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Good morning. Thank you. There has been bit of a slowdown that seems in new business activity lately, like pitch level was down. I am curious if there is anything in this that you would note it's worth of being concerned about, or may be it's a positive sign or anything else that might be driving it.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you have seen pitch level of big accounts whose names are household names. You've seen that activities slow across the board, I think in the first quarter. Although, I might say that we announced on Friday that we have just picked up a significant part of the HP's business which was conducted without a review. So there is activity going on, but I could see that you might reach that conclusion. What often gets not reported is the vast marketing service activity which occurs and that occurs not only domestically here, but throughout the rest the world and I am not sure that that activity is really what generates the significant gains quarter-after-quarter that we do report, result in revenues if you look out few past back. So... but I would agree with observation that there isn't a lot of big account movement today in the first quarter. I think it's just a pause and I think it's probably related more to the economy where people don't have the luxury of going through that, the very lengthy process that most of business activity takes for these big accounts. It will come back.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Does that mean we might see more of wins, like the HP win where there is no review or?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: we have never been able... we don't go out and solicit per se as much as we participate when clients make the decision to make a change. So there is always a constant amount of activity going on. There is no way to easily predict when accounts move.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: And the underlying smaller wins within the DOS and marking services sides of the business that continues at fairly consistent level?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, because that's generally... it's much simpler for clients to make those decisions and make those moves.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Also from a diversity standpoint that is an extremely large number of small wins, happening or relatively small wins happening all over the world. We have a couple of thousand agencies that are out looking for new business and winning new business all the time.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: It might be hard to answer this, but have you seen any change in the nature of those wins that you've seen of the smaller accounts, or the smaller wins in terms of geography or business mix?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I wouldn't say. It's a very constant machine as Randy refers to it. And there hasn't been any real, significant shifts or changes in it.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: John you mentioned in your initial remarks that you are continuing to invest in the business at record levels. I think I could infer from that that you are investing record levels in 2008. I want to make sure that that's clear. And then I don't know if you can give us any perspective on how substantial this investment is, so we can understand what kind of flexibility you have soaked into this model, in the event that things were to slowdown a bit.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have a specific number for you Troy. The activity comes in a number of areas. First, we continue to expand our training and development of our people. We think it's more critical today than at any time in the past and we continue to spread that to the Asian markets and to some other markets which didn't have specific focus in the past. So that continues at a very strong pace. And odd times what we do when we invest a lot of money in this, is we look it at market opportunities and if our... if in our opinion buying something was it might because medically okay today. We pass on our things that we believe are overpriced. And if we are interested in the area what we've tended to do is invest and people and talent which ones to our P&L, which provides our entry into those businesses and allows us to prepare for a future growth in those areas. We'd say we are very comfortable with that strategy, because as Randy mentioned, the leverage in our company is being kept on a very, very conservative basis, compared to many others in the industry and we haven't overspent in hope of the market developing. We've invested in the individuals needed to grow those over a longer more consistent period of time.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And those investments is... unlike to say manufacturing operations that you will be going out building, you know another manufacturing facility in order to develop new product or level of sales. Our business is investing in people and frankly a large number of I will say relatively small initiatives focused on building capabilities around our clients and what their needs are going forward.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay I will let someone else.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Troy.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is actually Monica Dichenzi [ph] for Alexia. A question regarding the buybacks. We saw that they picked up a bit in Q1 versus the fourth quarter. I am just wondering should be expect this pace to continue through the year, given where the stock is and given your comments on about acquisition prices coming more in line with what you were looking for, how you are balancing buybacks, versus acquisitions going forward?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is always some seasonality, a little bit of seasonality to our buybacks. I think we've consistently bought back more stock in the first quarter. Most of it has to with that the timing of cash flows. The second quarter is the quarter that we pay out our cash balances, also most of our earn-out payments are due in the second quarter, that's when the local audits and things get completed. So there is always a little bit of seasonality. We obviously think our stock is undervalued, but our first preference would be to make acquisitions. We have always pointed out people, we take our cash, we pay our dividend, we have some CapEx. Our first priority would be to make good solid acquisitions on the basis that we do them; to the extent those acquisitions aren't available. We take our cash and we buy in stock.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great, thanks.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes good morning. Do you mind just elaborating a little bit further where you say you are not seeing any significant slowdown in the revenue trends of your various clients. I mean just given the economic environment U.S and on the world, do you mind sharing with us what's in the commentary generally from your customers, why they are not slowing down in this sort of environment?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well to the most part it's an industry-by-industry valuation. So, what I made was a general statement. There are... car sales in North America are not strong, car sales around the world are strong. You have clients who I believe are very much focused on sustained revenue growth and taking advantage of the opportunities that growth outside the U.S. lends itself to. We have never been over exposed to financial services and/or the housing markets. So, we have not participated in that decline. I would say clients are cautious. I would say clients are suffering from increased commodity prices and ultimately market margins concerns which they are addressing themselves to. But there are not abandoning and they have learned this from prior recessions, the opportunity to continue to growth their top lines and expand their market share during periods of uncertainty and that's how I characterize the period we are currently in. We also have very good mix of business. So we have some clients shift the focus of their marketing maybe from long-term brand oriented activities to sell-oriented activities. While maybe the specific message or the tone may change, we benefit from those shifts as well. And we're not suggesting we are immune from what's going on. It's just that we are reporting that we haven't seeing the shifts yet.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: So, when you sort of think out your visibility for the remainder of the year. I mean, how many months out you lookout here and feel pretty confidently with the revenues that are coming at based on the projects that are already slated to go.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think if you look at... our organic growth is 6.4%, within a couple of percentage points to that we have great confidence about what our revenue is going to be. It's the last couple of percents that you can't accurately predict, because there is flexibility on the part of clients to shift or move or to do things. You have to... I think take a view in what we do periodically as company-by-company and market-by-market to see if trends are developing or if movements are more clients-specific in a particular marketplace. And that's an ongoing process. So the information that I have today will be different two weeks from now.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our business, we have said this many times in the past as well, our business is very predictable. You start the year with may be, 90 a little bit over 90% of our business is very well known, going in t the year, which frankly is very comforting. On the same token, it seems sometimes they are plus or minus 100 basis points low, while we don't think that should be viewed as material sometimes others do so. At one level 90% is great and than another level, if you think plus or minus 1% is really important... and 10% we don't know where it's coming from when the year starts.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: So then we continue to watch it. But we are more focused on the long-term growth of the company and our consistent returns and net income
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And making ensure that we have high quality capabilities in all of the areas that our clients want services.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: It sounds like from your earlier comments that your investment spending... people who are working in your company, you planned to do that for the remainder of the year here, just a bit long term viability of your company, is that fair statement?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's very fair. I mean we have been very consistent over a very long period of time about this. And we think, we believe it's the right strategy and it's proven out in the results. So we are continuing to do that. We do... if things shifted from what we see today, we do a flexibility on some of these areas. But that's not what is not included in part our expectations as we sit here this morning
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And that investment spending shows up in the consistency and I guess industry-leading levels of organic growth. In this business, to drive the organic growth it takes investment in your people and business development on a consistent basis. Our investment spending today will result in organic growth later this year and next year and probably even the year after. If we were to look to dial that back, our concern would be the impact on organic growth.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you very much.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets, US: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. I have just two quick questions. The first is if you could provide some color on the what I thought were particularly strong results from the advertising segments specifically. And then secondly, if clients are having any early worries or concerns regarding some spending in Beijing around the Olympics concerning with following some of the protest we are seeing coming out here in the early relay, that will be all. Thank you.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'll do the first one because our reporting is what it is. And I have... again we said this a few times. We designate each one of our offices as a discipline. So, if it's a traditional media advertising agency. Its revenue come in that way consistently. Over the last, say four or five years say at least, some of these definitions are not pure any more. Certainly, in the traditional media advertising area, all of our traditional agencies, they provide brand advertising work across disciplines. So you are seeing greater and greater growth from a digital prospective, with lot of people, my view is digital marketing which if it was standalone digital agency those revenues would be coming through the CRM category. So there is giving some, I will say some, blending going on or blurring of these historic discipline collections. So I think that's probably. I will say confusing some of the numbers a little bit. I certainly, where we look at our, so call traditional agencies, the percentage of their revenue that's related to the internet is growing quite rapidly, and their business are really transforming. They are using every marketing medium out there to help their clients brand their business and deliver the message to consumers.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: With respect to participation in the Olympics, I would say that all of our clients that we service, all have plans and some concerns about the current activity. It will be inappropriate to discuss any specific clients. I mean everybody is a bit concern and we will see what happens. I think just from reading the newspaper, I don't have any more knowledge than you that people are increasingly decided that this is sporting event and not exactly the forum for political activity. So we will remain watching but, but everybody has specific plans related to the Olympic Games.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets, US: Okay. That's great, thank you.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you
Operator: Next question comes from line of Karl Joe with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Randy you had mentioned that there was some severance in... incremental severance expense in the quarter. I wonder if you can quantify that and if we should expect that can continue in to the second quarter. And also picking up one what you said, have you actually seen a pretty big shift in client activity away from brand building towards more promotional-type activity. Or that so far has been more isolated. Thanks.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let's see the first one. We have severance every quarter, every year, just the nature of the business, being a service company. The year-over-year increase in severance was really in sort of $3 million to $4 million range. Whether that carries on throughout the year, don't know wouldn't expect it. But we obviously work to adjust our staff levels consistent... continuously with the change of business. The latter point; no, I don't think the way we collect data, we can really track client-by-client shifts. We want to make sure that our business is certainly in all of the different needs that our clients may have. The point that I was making was really more a matter of some of the sort of the historic rule of thumb, that the clients do everything all the time and their mix or balance of spending moves around, or can move around. And the good news is with our balance of business, we likely pick-up revenues when that mix... when that shift happens or should say when and if that shift happens.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And given the increased level of acquisition activity at least in the quarter, what should we expect for revenue contribution from acquisitions in the second quarter?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The increase in acquisition revenue in the quarter largely picked up, because we didn't have significant dispositions in the quarter. For the last few quarters, remember over the last couple of years we've made a couple larger divestitures which have sort of muted the positive acquisition numbers. This quarter we didn't have that. So the acquisition revenue picked about 1%. I think absent a divestiture, we should be in sort of that 1%, 1.5 % range next quarter.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Ginocchio with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank, NA: Thanks you. Just couple of minor ones. Just similar to... just what you think about a FX in the second quarter and interest expense in the second quarter or may in the full year? Thank you.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the first half of the question.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank, NA: Foreign exchange?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank, NA: And then second one is on interest expense, if you could give outlook about those. Thanks.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: FX is probably 4% plus in Q2 and then based upon the way FX occurred last year, probably steps down 100 to 150 basis points a quarter, over the balance of the year absent, I will say further declines in the dollar. That's also based upon our last year's business mix. As far as interest rate go, I think Q2 should look, probably about like Q1 may be plus a couple of million dollars. Q2 is our larger cash outflows. We basically pay bonuses at the beginning of the second quarter that would probably reduce our cash balances. We also make most of our earn-out payments sometime in the second quarter. So again it would reduce our cash balances. So I was walking through that, I would guess a couple of million dollar increase in net interest expense, in the second quarter.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank, NA: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Catriona Fallon with Citi. Please go ahead.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Global Markets: Yes, hi good morning. It seems like consistently Omnicom is exceeding industry average growth rates. And I am wondering, can you help us understand what shifting in the way clients are spending on campaigns that's kind of allowing Omnicom to capture a larger portion of that business as clients are moving towards more online advertising or viral advertising how is Omnicom capturing a larger portion of the market?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's really a portfolio question. Our objective for at least the last 15 years I mean certainly continues is to making sure that we change share of wallet of our clients. And we've made a very significant investment in terms of populating what would be perceived to be our traditional agencies with people who are... can adapt and are very comfortable working in all mediums. So, as Randy was pointing out, we capture revenue in subsidiaries and the company's that we own. But the actual way that clients get serviced and shifts and changes which occur have been fairly dramatic in terms moving from what we perceived to be traditional media uses or old media uses to a number these areas that you are talking about. And part of the strategy here is not only and I think we have very large portfolio of these companies not only having standalone experts in say online advertising and the whole digital environment. But at the same time, simultaneously populating with leaders our what are perceived to be traditional companies with people who are able to service clients in the same way, and to extend campaigns into in a very agnostic way into whatever media reaches the consumer. So, we don't get that refined in terms of what we are trying to capture through report on calls like this, because it's not part of our business object. Our business object is to again, make sure that we are appropriate, so we maintain share of wallet and to extend this kind of 360 holistic ability down into everyone of our units.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andfrom a revenue standpoint. In each of these different disciplines there is different amount of labor required, or labor percentage as a percentage of the clients overall spending. And say the Internet, so labor involved in the specific levels of clients spending is much higher and therefore our revenue is higher as a percentage of the clients spend, the lowest area is probably, I will say TV advertising. Where the bulk of the money is going to either third parties or to the media itself, when you get to things online, like say in viral that work is being done in-house. The editing and the production et cetera is been done by our people. So, we capturing a larger percentage of the clients spend, obvious with laboring cost behind that as well.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Global Markets: So, if that's case and your are more of the campaign with kind of the newer type of CRM your services that OMC is performing is that not a higher margin associated with that type of work than with traditional advertising.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't found that to be the case.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Margins of pretty consistent across our different disciplines. Geographies can make a difference, but it takes the labor, we've to provide the labored execute the work, is not necessarily a higher value add labor from our standpoint. I mean all if all our people are provide quite a bit value to the client.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: The other thing I might add is that even though we referred to as that adverting group, 57% of our revenue comes from these other services already.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. So just two quick follow-ups, then. So then could you speak a little then to the slight, just I mean just the slight decline in margins from what I was expecting. But, is that mostly the severance payments in the quarter or was there something else there. And then secondly, what's your thought on some of your competitors have acquired search engine marketing technology or search engine optimization. I am just wondering what are thoughts on that approach. Thank you.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Firston the... first one, we've said a numerous times we are really not margin-focused we are more EPS-focused and of a revenue-focused. Margin is somewhat of a by-product. And I think EPS was up on a 18.2% in the quarter. So we are pretty happy with that performance. You can look at our when we look at our cost structure, our costs were in line with last year and what we expected, obviously location-by-location there is numbers go up and down. Looking at broad category, severance was up, in sort of that $3 million to $4 million range year-over-year, so that alone could have accounted for 10 basis point or so of margin difference.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Global Markets: Great.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: And in terms of the competitors, I think in addition to all this discussion of our P&L balance sheet sheets are very interesting as well in terms of the amount of leverage and the cost, we are getting some of these areas. We have elected to be able to service our clients throughout the full range of possibilities from immediate perspective and has not and we are more inclined to partner with people than to in our view spend, to buy companies at multiples that we are not comfortable with. In order to ascertain the growth and to properly service our clients from our own perspective. So there are different strategies out there. Some of them were just our clients catching up with us, because we have heavily invested in the last decade and consistently invested through this whole period of time.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: One other things that's also worth noting; in our industry basically any investment in our business to drive organic growth hits the P&L immediately. So it basically has a... if you push our margins down now with the expectation and hope that it's going to drive organic growth, out in the future which is realistically 6 to 18 months out. Obviously, we are focused on continuously investing in our business and having that good strong organic growth on a consistent basis. If we adjust the strategy to more of an acquisition based growth strategy, we can drive margins, you know higher in the near term because basically, you're getting that growth off of the capitalized costs. We think a good healthy balance is probably the right way to go, but different people can have different strategies.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, and we also think that given the credit crisis, I mean it's... there going to be increasing opportunities which develop in the market places peoples expectations in terms of pricing for potential acquisitions come more inline with what I believe are historic realities and we've been very comfortable following our strategy. We are not opposed to acquisitions at all and we certainly have the ability on our balance sheet to these activates as necessary, where as I think all this might be a bit more constrained, as we go into the future, but we are waiting for the market place to come back our principles and our disciplines.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Global Markets: Great. Thank you.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. We are getting kind of late, so why don't we take one more call.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair and Company. Please go ahead.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Just a quick follow up. You have said or may be I have observed historically, you've mentioned 6.5% to 7% organic growth, plus or minus 1% seems like kind of a normalized run rate. I am curious in this environment given mix shift away from advertising the marketing services given the economic back drop if you feel any more or less comfortable with this kind of level or if you have any poor visibility to this kind of level?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Troy we are affected as all of our clients are. I mean you can't pick up a newspaper or turn on a TV show; it is not talking about the world coming to an end. We are not seeing it as I said earlier in shifts of spending, but if it continues, you never know. So I mean getting that refined in terms of our ability to forecast growth is impossible for us to do. All I can tell you is look at our history, look at the discipline of the manager and the company and we'll continue to service our clients for whatever is appropriate and over the long run, I think that's a reasonable expectation. But if you are talking in terms of what's going to happen in the next several months, I'm not really prepared to do it, prepared to forecast that.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I am not quite sure, if that's what we have said. Historically, we've said... we think we can pretty consistently outperform nominal global nominal GDP by say 150 to 200 basis points, 250 basis points. So obviously with that economic factors...
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes coming to play.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes coming to play, I think the 6.5 plus or minus 100 basis points was the statement we made, probably going into '07 based upon where we felt how the economy, et cetera felt. I think to be fair right now, we all watch the news as well. I don't know what the global economies are going to do, I think we will outperform nominal GDP. But trying to predict what nominal GDP is going to be, that's really not what we are good at.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay good. And then I just want to confirm HP falls into the second quarter and if there is any other notable activity you have seen so far in April?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's early.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Just in second quarter.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's early and it's only the second quarter.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: But it's a good start to the second quarter.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Our machine continues the machine part of it.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay very good. Thanks and congratulations.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all very much. We appreciate you taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - EVP and CFO John D. Wren - President and CEO
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Troy Mastin - William Blair Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch Catriona Fallon - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. And welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter Year-End Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we are going to present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on page 1 of our Investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren, following John's remarks, we will review the financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for joining our call this morning. 2007 was an excellent year for the group and as Randy as just mentioned, he'll take you through all the details in just a couple of minutes. There are couple of areas I would like to highlight. Our revenue growth in the fourth quarter was very strong in the U.S., and this is also supported by very strong growth in most European countries, as well as Asia and South America. Growth in the UK and France did slow during the quarter, but I don't believe it's a trend, I just believe it slowed in the quarter. Over the course of the past 12 months, our revenue growth was very strong in all of our markets and disciplines. While you may see some peaks and valleys in specific numbers in individual quarters, overtime I think you'd agree that our performance is very consistent. We are also very pleased with our businesses and believe that we are well positioned going into 2008. Our agencies continued to be unsurpassed in their creative recognition, and we have a wonderful list of clients who, like everyone else is a little bit nervous about the economy, but we haven't seen any major or serious cutbacks in spending as of today. A key component of our success also lies in our ability to invest in our business, and during this past year, we invested record levels and we plan to continue to do the same thing in 2008. We are also seeing a rise in acquisition activity, and as you know, we're very, very disciplined about that, especially the return that we get on investors that we make and also our ability to integrate them, but activity has picked up and pricing, I believe is coming inline more with historic expectations. Switching to net new business, which Randy will covered in lot more detail. Our net wins for the quarter were just under $400 million that brings our net new business for the year to $4.6 billion, which was an increase of about $400 million over 2006. The two accounts, which drag their growth down a little bit for this one quarter was the portion of the Dell account which we lost, we lost only a portion of that, and the AT&T media accounts, but I am happy to say that AT&T continues to grow with us as a significant client. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Randy, and then he will take you through the numbers, and then we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. As John noted, we are very pleased with the strong performance of our agencies in 2007, and while it's still early, we appear to be off of a very solid start for 2008. Revenue growth in the quarter increased $409.8 million to $3.6 billion that was an increase of 12.7%, as a result for the year revenue increased $1.3 billion or 11.6% to almost $12.7 billion. Operating profit for the quarter increased 12.2% to $531.9 million, and that's an operating margin of about 14.7%, which was in line with the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, operating profit increased 11.8% to just over $1.6 billion, and the operating margin was 13.1% and that was up marginally over the last year. During 2007, we continued to increase our investment in our people, in training, in technology, and in numerous new business development initiatives, which together have resulted in our industry leading organic growth and leaves the company very well positioned for the long term. On the new business front, as John pointed out, our net new wins in the quarter totaled $381 million, bringing our full year total up to $4.6 billion, which was about 10% increase over the last year. They are frequently pointing up every quarter, new business seems to have two groupings, larger accounts of which there are generally only a handful each quarter, and they are generally U.S. and advertising centric, and then there is what I lovingly describe as the engine room, which given the international and multidiscipline nature of our business, there are very large number of smaller accounts that are rewarded each quarter. This quarter, we are on the loosing end of the Dell consolidation where DVD and OMD were two of the more then 50 agencies worldwide serving Dell and GSD&M lost the portion of the AT&T media business and that account consolidation. While GSD&M didn't win the media consolidation assignment, we do continue to expand our overall relationship in all of the disciplines with AT&T. In the engine room, we had an excellent quarter with more than $1 billion dollars of net new business wins. In aggregate, excluding Dell and AT&T, net new wins in the quarter would have approached $1.5 billion. Although we certainly would have preferred to be on the winning side of these two larger accounts, overall we are very pleased with the strong new business performance of our agencies and the result being market leading organic growth performance. Net interest expense for the quarter was $14.3 billion, which was down about $9.8 billion from the fourth quarter of last year and down by $17.6 million to $74 million for the full year. The year-over-year improvement is primarily the result of not needing to make supplemental interest payments during the year on 2031 and 2032 bonds offset by having four quarters this year, versus three quarters of interest on our fixed rate note that we issued in the beginning of the second quarter of 2006. Also higher overall interest rates on our short-term borrowings and increase daily average borrowings resulting from our share repurchase activity during the year. A quick note or update on our 2031 bonds, many of you have probably seen last week, we offered bondholders a supplemental interest payment of $9 per bond, on those bonds, as a result none of the bonds were put back to the company, by itself, this increased our interest expense in 2008 by about $7 million. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for both the quarter and the year was about 33.9% that was up a bit from last year. As you may recall, last year's rate was favorably impacted by a couple of small one-time items, absent those items, the underlying operating tax rates are fairly consistent year-to-year. Net income for the quarter increased 13.2% to $113.9 million, bringing the full year total up to $975.7 million that was an increase of 12.9%. And in fully diluted earnings per share reflecting our performance for the quarter, as well as the impact of our share repurchase activity increased 18.5% to $0.96 per share, and our year-to-date diluted EPS increased 18% to $2.95 per share. Analyzing our revenue performance, first, FX in the quarter was positive 5% or about $161.7 million. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are FX should continue to be positive in the 3% to 4% range for the first quarter, and then we'd step down about 100 basis points in Q2, and additional 100 basis points in Q3, and would be flat in Q4. Growth from acquisitions, net of divestitures added about $36 million to revenue in the quarter, or about 1.1%, or about $78 million for the full year and about seven-tenths of a percent. During the quarter, we closed two new acquisitions and started off 2008 with a couple of additional investments. As John pointed out, acquisition activity or acquisition opportunities seem to be improving and the pricing seems to be coming back in line. On the organic front, revenue growth continued to be very strong, coming in at 6.6% for the quarter, adding $211.9 million to our revenue. For the year, organic growth was 7.1% adding $802.6 million. As for mix of business, traditional media advertising accounted for 43.5% of our revenue, and marketing services 56.5%. As for their respective total growth rates, advertising grew 13.1% in the quarter and marketing services 12.5%. Breaking down marketing services revenue in the quarter, CRM continued to be very strong growing at 13.3%, public relations, which was a bit slow in the beginning of the year came on very strong in the second half it was up 9.6% for the quarter, and then specialty communications increased 12.2%, driven by excellent performance in our healthcare agencies and an acquisition in Q3. On a geographic front, our mix of business in the quarter was 51% U.S., 49% international. In the U.S. revenue increased $160.8 million or about 9.5% acquisitions added $18 million or about 1.1%, and organic growth was very strong at 8.5%, adding a $142.8 million. Internationally, revenue increased $249 million or 16.3%, $161.7 million of that was FX, which was about 10.6% growth. Acquisitions added $18.2 million and organic growth was 4.5% adding $161.7 million. Obviously, we had excellent performance in the United States this quarter and for the year. Internationally, this quarter we had strong performances in the emerging markets of Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, as well as in established markets of Asia like Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, and Korea. We also had excellent performance in the other North American markets of Canada and Mexico, and we had some mix results in Europe, as John mentioned which appeared to be some potential timing issues between Q3 and Q4. Overall, we believe it was an excellent quarter and our agencies in general appeared to be off to a very good start for 2008. The cash flow front, the year was very strong and our performance was consistent with our historical trends. Our cash management programs continued to perform very well, as most of you know, our primary source of cash was net income adjusted for basis non-cash charges, which for us were primarily stock-based compensation charges and the related tax benefits, then depreciation and amortization. These items totaled $1.27 billion in the quarter. Our primary uses of cash... I am sorry $1.27 billion for the year. Our primary uses of cash, our dividends, they totaled $182.8 million, capital expenditures totaled $223 million. Acquisitions including earn-out payments on prior acquisitions totaled approximately $358... $358.8 million, and then share repurchases for the year totaled almost $900 million, but we also received just over $100 million of proceeds from auction exercises, and stock sold under employee stock purchase plan, that resulted in net repurchases of about $798.8 million. As a result of our repurchase activity, our average diluted share count for the quarter was reduced to 327 million shares, and we finished the quarter with diluted share outstanding of approximately 326 million. With the heavy share repurchase activity this year, due to the continued improvement in our cash management programs, we finished the year with net debt outstanding of $1.2 billion, that was up only $91 million year-over-year, and our operating leverage, as measured by net debt-to-EBIT, and EBIT-to-net interest continued to improve. On that note, I am going to turn it back to the operator, and John and I'll be happy to take your questions. Thank you. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question this morning comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you. John, can you give us a bit more color on what your clients are saying about the outlook, I mean how they are spending in general. You've been in this business for a long time and to you does this feel more like, more moderate growth here or more like in 91 or 2001?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sitting here today, Alexia, all our clients, but not all, most of our clients are under some pressure to commodity prices and all the rest for their own businesses and they are very concerned with the effectiveness of their marketing efforts. That has been a theme for a long time, it gets punctuated a bit when you have unsettling economic times, which is good... it's good for the industry this year as you do have only Olympics, you have the European soccer, you have the elections, all those will help in 2008 in a macro sense in terms of advertising in New Year, I believe. We are not seeing cutbacks, we're not seeing... I think there is cautious tone out there, but that's... that's about all that is, at the moment. We remain cautiously optimistic. We're very careful as you know, and we have been through slowdowns of moderations of growth before, and I think the company has formed very well. So we're optimistic and there is a lot of good things happening, but we are also, as I said, we've been to this movie and we will weather it very well, I think.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: And I guess given the cautious tone or the degree of caution is, how has that change I guess the way you've managed your investments for your expenses, if at all?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's not; there's really been no change. We haven't had to make a change, because we haven't seen any reductions in budgets or so we haven't really had to take any action across most of our businesses. We are just a bit cautious about the environment, and we watch it... we've always watched it very closely. We will watch it very, very closely to just see what industries are hurting, what can be done and how do you invest in personnel and how do you invest in longer-term commitments. But, we've been note the auto industry is suffering this year for instance, I mean so there are pockets of strengths, and there are also pockets of concern. But, there is... overall, our budgets internally generated from our people are far more enthusiastic than I am and that's a good thing and most of that enthusiasm is based upon their knowledge of what they are doing with their local clients.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thanks. And just one more question, on the follow-up on the net new business, any sense how January started off for the year?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think January is a net $500 million...
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes,a little more than flat.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Other more...
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: So...
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was very strong.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was very strong, I mean the fourth quarter, if anything was an aberration.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you very much.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. One to John and one for Randy. I wonder John if you could just follow-up on the comments that you think France and UK was a quarterly thing, maybe a pull forward, versus any future signs of weakness or how do you feel about that, and how do you know that? And Randy, I wonder if you comment a bit about the buybacks, versus your cash dividend policy, you spend over $2 billion on buybacks, but $400 million past two years on dividends, on one end injustice ratio increased the payout and maybe attracts the new investors into the market looking for a higher dividend paying companies?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: First, in terms of the UK and France, the UK, we have to watch that very closely like the U.S., it's probably UK, Ireland, England are suffering from mortgage crises and then a slowdown in their economy. So we are very... we are watching that very, very closely and we'll continue to do so. January's results for that month, which are not really indicative of anything, sort of are recovered in terms of our growth for January in the U.K. And France hasn't really suffered, I think it had to do with the impact of some businesses that we divested more than anything else, and their impact into our calculations. So I haven't seen any real slowdown in France per se.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You have to be very careful looking at quarters and thinking of them as a trends.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Last quarter, U.S. growth was less than international, I think, at least I heard from a number of people that they were surprised about that. This quarter U.S. accelerated and international slow down, which is probably certainly opposite trend of last quarter, and again probably different than what I would have necessarily expected in general. It always makes me go back to realize that excellent execution by the companies and timing of client spend, it really overwhelms the economy in general and have to look at these things at a much longer term basis, than quarterly to think of trends, especially, on a country-by-country basis. Going back to your other question, last year, I think in the second quarter we increased our dividend about 20%. I think while it's a board decision, I would suspect that will continue to increase our dividend, probably faster then our net income growth. I don't know, but I don't see as I certainly wouldn't recommend a dramatic increase in the dividend. We would prefer to be spending our money on excellent acquisitions, because when we make acquisitions on the basis that we make them they are very accretive for shareholders generate us a great return on capital, we would like to have the ability to do that. We can obviously adjust our share repurchase activity based upon sort of the immediate ability to make acquisitions, whereas if we dramatically step-up dividends, that's not something that we think we can adjust, certainly not downward on a moments notice, if the acquisition pipeline, it really builds up. So we are... I think we are much more of a consistently focused operating plan and again one or two years isn't a long-term trend.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Troy Mastin - William Blair: Good morning. Thank you. I am curious if I can get some perspective on the nature of your new business wins that you reported in the quarter and maybe in each trends that are specifically, maybe the mix between domestic and international, marketing services, versus advertising, and then the engine room where you are seeing a lot of strength in new business, how does this compare in terms of the typical margin structure versus other more high profile wins?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have the answer to the first question, that's not frankly analysis that we do. Certainly, in meetings with investors I have said it pretty consistently. We collect this net new business, wins data predominantly because shareholders or analysts seem really focused on it. We don't really think the numbers are great numbers for people to focus on, but since it's the demand for the data we try to supply it. We don't go through and cut it of and all of those that you ask for. One thing that we do, do because it just glorying the obvious, each quarter the net new business report is generally 70 to 90 pages long. If you think about our business a little bit we have about 2,500 agencies in about 120 countries. We are in a huge number of disciplines that we grouped together in these four categories. Once you get outside the United States and maybe a couple of other major markets in the world or multinational pitches, most of the net new business activity is relatively small, you get a few pitches each quarter that are big which are consolidations. Most of those that have big numbers attached to them are advertising centric that U.S. centric and lately with the consolidation in media, which is a lot of in a sort of moving deck chairs around a little bit. You get some perceived very large numbers that from a revenue basis are not near as impactful as some of these numbers sound. From an operating standpoint, the one or two large win or loses, well it's never going to loose an account and we focus on that tremendously, and it's always great to win those accounts. From an overall management perspective, the difficult challenge is that, that engine room is working everyday. That's hard to fix, it's hard to -- given applying if you had 500 agencies that works in the positive category, that's hard to turn around fast. That engine room for us is extremely consistent as it should be and very focused on its net new business performance around the world and that's been strong, that's part of the reason that we broke it out. That's really one of the major strength of Omnicom is really the breadth and depth of those agencies globally and the success and the consistency that they have.
Troy Mastin - William Blair: Regarding margins on that engine room, do you have a sense there, they are meaningfully different?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't believe they are.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean, when you look at our numbers now, you won't see any difference. I think there is no consistency in the way these numbers get reported across the industry and if it was a gross media win, when we report our numbers, we reduce that all wins by 25% of what the billing is to be more reflective of a correlation between the revenue you might expect from the reported billings. I think we are the only one in the industry to do that.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Actually we do a couple of things from that front and it's probably worth noting, and I don't follow how the other people report net new business wins. I know that were somewhat different. First big difference is we'll have different mixes of business. So therefore on a quarterly basis the mix is obviously going to vary quite a bit. We report media only wins -- we take those media only wins and losses and we divide by 4. So we take 25% of the number and that's because the commission or revenue structure and media only wins...
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Is three to four...
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Is much lower...
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And therefore we try to get at normalize with I will say general advertising account or historic advertising account. In the other areas, we report what our revenues or our billions are for those accounts. So in something like PR it might be $1 million account, we reported as 1 million. I believe some of the other networks make adjustments to that divide through by 6.67 in order to try to do the same thing that we do with media which is get it to approximate the commissions structure or the old commission structure in advertising. I don't know for sure that everyone does that, but I think that's more than norm. So, we try to be conservative on both sides as a result of that I believe our subsequent revenue generation of our reported net new business number is generally a bit different. Yes, and I think when you look at our net new business wins in compared to our net new us wins, I think the numbers are very comparable. I would think the same thing for the other networks. I am not sure because of those differences both the way we report and our mix of business that they are really very comparable numbers from one holding company to another holding company. Again, we don't believe those numbers are great numbers for investor to look at, especially on a quarterly basis, long term trend are much more important.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: And probably the most important element in this is we have, 2000 agencies out there and they are all hunting everyday.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's my point with the engine room and that operating philosophy that they are hunting for themselves, as well as looking for the network business that combination creates a lot of consistency and frankly the culture inside the Omnicom network and agencies.
Troy Mastin - William Blair: Hey great and then one more, moving on to the M&A environment with situation of credit markets and maybe some slowdown in the macroeconomic environment, how this is affecting your M&A strategy, have you seen some of your targets starting to come in on their expectation of the price and if there is anything specific by geography that's worth noting, I would appreciate that as well? Thanks.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the type of acquisitions that we are looking at are tends to be very specific. They are very consistent with the expansion of the business plans of our major strategic platforms within the company and they are well within the cash flow capabilities of the company to finance them. What we are seeing is there aren't as many people willing to pay foolish prices for things competing for deals, and so become -- the pipeline is pretty robust where people who believe by joining at Omnicom, they can grow those individual segments or their individual business faster, that's returning to the market place. It was absent for a while when you get our ideas of our pricing unless you walk down the street in some private equity, I would just blow the number up. Those guys are gone, so if there is any silver lining to some of the slowdown out there, it's eliminated a lot of these silly non-strategic buyers and we are looking very hard in the number of things.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And we will see how that plays out.
Troy Mastin - William Blair: Yes.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Long term, a year ago it was in many cases hard get to almost the second round, because sellers had what we believe were unrealistic expectations, but frankly they were getting them and I guess that many of those deals, I couldn't really blame them, based upon the numbers that they could get people to pay. It appears that money has dried up. We will see if it stays that way.
Troy Mastin - William Blair: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks and our next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead
Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co: Hey, just one quick question, you guys have covered a lot already. Did you guys see any impact from the strike, I mean it does sound like this is going to get resolved soon, but was there any business impact and then just John, do you see any kind of just takeaway, so unless as people kind of reassess strategy not knowing how long this is going to go on and what... if you think there is any longer term impact to think from these banks?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of our business, we haven't been able to pinpoint any specific reaction to the strike. We will see what happens and how fast they crank up and put new product on the air. Like clients are... clients find consumers and we are not married to any particular media. So we will find the consumers for the clients and so TV is only one avenue for us to accomplish that. Obviously, everybody is relieved that the strike is over. The long-term impacts, I don't you hear a lot of rhetoric about increasing reality TV and all the rest of it. And then, if you follow it closely, you will see the debt of reality TV too, because there is not so much more you can do to shock the American public. So I don't have any real long-term view, as to what the implications of this were. I mean Randy may have a...
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Very couple, I mean I have a couple of interesting things. You saw things like the Super Bowl which obviously had great ratings, but it was also I think it was the largest single day, single event media buy in history which OMD did or agencies obviously in those kinds of events in this market were probably the importance of the more probably exacerbated, even further. From an Omnicom perspective frankly, of clients were moving some of the marketing dollars away from TV and into other marketing initiatives. That's generally a positive for us. We have much greater market share outside of traditional media advertising, than we do in traditional media advertising. So that's not really a bad thing, if that occurred. If it occurs, there's always obviously the question, if the worked for clients move back once like push them out change, or if it worked to stay where there were at. So, this may have accelerated even a little further in some of these shifts that will obviously play out overtime.
Troy Mastin - William Blair: Let me get one follow-up and just, on the buyback to the extent that the performance of the stock in more recently put you in need of being a sweetener and who knows what is going to happen with the stock market in that six or nine months, as we move next bond, but does that make you take a more conservative outlook toward buybacks or it really relevant at the separate analysis?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the first of all that Randy used the frame term $9 per bond. This is nine-tenths for people who are not familiar with bonds, its ninth-tenths of 1% we paid to borrow, to keep the money outstanding. So, that's a pretty good deal any day that you can get it. In terms of our own ability, we live within our cash flow, at least we have been certainly for the last five or six years of course, and we're able -- depending on the acquisition requirements, that what investors we want to make, we are able to utilize or not utilize our excess cash flow after looking at that activity for share buyback, and so it's a very fluid type of an analysis and it has to do with whether or not we are making other types of investments with that cash.
Troy Mastin - William Blair: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Thank you. Just given a slower economic environment, can you just help us describe for us, what is it about your business more historically, has your company been able to grow organically, your top line to the last two recession, I believe your worst year was 2002, your top line grew 2.8% organically, your EPS grew 10%, sort of curious here, what is your business model you can do that through tough times and also can you describe this, if you would, your flexibility in the cost front? Thanks.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. To deal with the bottom line first. There is a high proportion of compensation, which is paid through incentive income and then in order to receive that incentive income there is the employees, the agencies, the groups have to hit targets and objectives. So, when the business slows down their expectations for what they are going to receive based upon their top line growth also self corrects. So, that allows us to have flexibility in terms of what the net income and what the performance of the company is even in the toughest of times. In terms of revenue growth, we are a global business. Everybody is talking about the downturn, but downturn is the moment really the U.S. world where there is a housing market crisis and right now that is the U.S, UK, maybe Ireland, the rest of the world big countries Asia, South America are all doing very well in terms of growth. So, it's the balance of our portfolio, it's the attitude of those 2000 agencies and wanting to go out and get new business every single day, and we have a client base of over 5,000 clients. So and the largest client that we have is only 2.8% of our revenue. So there is a lot of conservatism in terms of the product mix, the geographic spread, and when one market isn't growing, another one generally is. So it allows us to continue to grow, plus we stay very focused on our costs, and make certain... we don't hesitate to act if there is a decline in a particular market or particular account.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And you can't overestimate the power of that culture, the depth, and the quality of the financial and operating staff down to our agencies I find incredible and their consistency. Their focus on growing the business and not sitting back and trying to look at the overall global economy is some macro excuse obviously, they have a concern about it, but they are dedicated, their people are dedicated to growing the business and they realize new wins, new clients overwhelmed and economy. It may make it harder to get, but it means that they have to go out and work harder and generate those revenues to keep their people happy and keep their business growing. So, we really have to give a lot of credit to that depth and breadth.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Then also, two other nitpick questions. In the past, you've been avoiding to give some color on two small businesses here in the U.S. One a help wanted recruiting business and also Yellow Page agency business, I was just curious what the percent change in the revenues for those two businesses were?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Now they were, I don't know about the percent change. They were both negative organic growth in the quarter.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There wasn't a major turnaround in either of those businesses. We've got to say the recruitment business is a very good business, domestically I think it's the leader in the space, it's a both of thought leader and a market leader, the Yellow Pages business I don't think I could necessarily give the same accolades to.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: But, these are where somebody looking will see in through in the second week and get you an answer. These are very small businesses, and I think when we refer to them in the past, we are talking about the impact they had on our specialty advertising category, which is also relatively small, so it... they are not big numbers.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Certainly not big numbers from an operating income standpoint.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, not from... right, exactly.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They are both relatively low margin businesses, as I pointed out before the recruitment business is probably our most economically sensitive business.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It has fairly substantial market share domestically and so obviously, tied want to the economy obviously, there is also significant shifts in that space overall, which I think they've been a thought leader on and trying to change. Moving to online recruitment, there is various technology initiatives going on that are automating or streamlining many large companies, recruiting processes businesses like Career Builder and Monster etcetera, changed the business. The Yellow Pages business is a whole industry that's been changing, quiet dramatically going from a paper business to really what I think people described as a local search business, which is sort of combination of electronic tied with search marketing, online Yellow Pages, mobile search, mobile marketing, as well as print. So well, I don't see the print business going away soon. You certainly see necessary for integrated capabilities, and this business is probably not as far a long. It's certainly not been the thought leader that our recruitment marketing business has been. We will see how that one plays out.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: And then lastly, if I could just, concerning CapEx. I know it is up about 25% this year, what should investors model for this upcoming year, the higher or the lower number or sort of in between?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let's say, probably a little bit lower than this... what you... is this probably two drivers to that. The increase over our depreciation and amortization number, there is a couple of drivers to it. The first big driver is the number of office relocations, because whenever we have an office relocation or the release of, I will say a significant office space, there is a generally a relatively sizable CapEx number associated with renovating or building out the office space and upgrades in technology platforms. So this year we had two or three substantial office relocations, large 200,000 400,000 square foot facility, we've got redone and those tend to spike these numbers around a little bit. We also, if I had mentioned before, we have historically done the vast majority of our, I'll say technology in our PC servers etcetera, on an operating lease basis, and we've changed some of that philosophy to move it from operating leases to capital leases, which really have no impact on our net income. Yes we want to get the most favorable financing, best return on investment for our shareholders, and we think this is... and again that movements maybe $10 million or $15 million, over the course of the year, so it's not substantial, but there is some shift.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: But you reduced the number a little bit low than 07, is that what you are saying?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, it will be little bit lower than 07 because of the office shift that I know of right now. I don't know where in a... I can't say top of mind I know every office relocation. We have about 1,100 leases around the world. I know we have people and focus on them, I can't say that I know every single one that's coming up this year, top of mind.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Shame on you... thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question from the line Karl Choi with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning couple of questions here. One is regarding your comments about acquisition evaluations becoming more reasonable, just wonder if that's extends to digital acquisitions as well? And second question is just wondering if we do hit, most of the year slowdown, how would you think PR will hold up this time. It didn't really has disciplined and hold up well quite well in a last down turn, just wondering what your thoughts are? Thanks.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Digital acquisitions also become more reasonable as well. And in terms of PR that business model has changed quite a bit, since the last recession, there is of lot more on line activities. There is a lot of interactive in terms of what important parts of that business are, so sitting here today with the client base that our PR companies have, we don't see any reduction or cutbacks. There are companies of forecasting, obviously we watch our forecast on a monthly, regular basis, and when there is a change we take action, so I don't have anything.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And also if we look a little bit at the recession, at the last rescission was following 9/11. I think there was a not a lot of interest on company's parts to really be focusing on PR, sort of in that environment people weren't getting past the funds action in newspaper for a number of months, to be worried about new product introductions and some other thing. Also at that time the business is, in that new product category were large and there is a big honk and that was tact focused, obviously that was, while that was an overall recession, may be starting out of 9/11 and some of that, there was a big reduction in the tax factor. So, each time, it's a little bit different and as John pointed out our PR businesses, I think are very broad based, obviously extending their disciplines into a lot of the new technology which certainly made the business very exciting.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great. Last question, on free cash flow usage, it sounds like you are signaling that maybe you spend a little bit more on acquisitions to extend that variation's workout. Should there be a sort of minimum amount of share buyback that we should expect?
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we'll still have strong share buyback, we don't really put a number on it. We've had pretty good share buybacks already year-to-date where the stock price has certainly been at and we don't normally spend a lot of time focused on just doing it because of share price at these share price levels or multiple levels.
Unidentified Company Representative: We believe it's a good investment.
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean it's hard to sit back and ignore it.
Unidentified Analyst: That's good to know. Thank you
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you
Operator: Thanks then we have question from the line of Catriona Fallon with Citi. Please go ahead
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Yes, hi. Good morning, gentlemen. Could you ever discuss Randy, the extent of any headcount reductions due to the changes in the Dell and the AT&T account?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: They were all taken care of in the fourth quarter.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't know what the numbers were.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't even know what the numbers were either, to be perfectly honest with you. So, Dell is not that significant because as many of you might remember we had reported in earlier quarters that BBDO had lost part of the Dell account. So, we had made adjustments throughout the year on that and in terms of AT&T, there was a the business that we lost there was the wire line media business. The wireless business, which was the largest part of that media count was a BBDO account, I mean a WP account going into the pitch. So, they retain that part and they took away our wire line piece, which was a declining business to begin with in GSD&M in Austin, Texas made their reductions that it felt needed and it is since come back in one other businesses and replaced some of that revenue with other clients and the only game in Austin. So, they retained as many of the people that they possibly could.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Okay.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Some of the markets -- these were account consolidations of which we had pieces. So, certainly the market news about the win, well we would have loved to have the win because it would have then expanded our business. The piece we lost, was far smaller than the totals that we reported. As John pointed out, the BBDO in the second quarter, BBDO elected to take on business, I believe was a best buy and that was deemed to be a conflict.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: At the time.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: At the time, and so they walked away from the Dell business in taking that business. So, that was reported earlier in the year.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Right, okay. And, then can you just discuss a little bit the seasonality of revenue, I mean specifically with the Olympics, I mean Q3 has typically been kind of the second lightest quarter and I am wondering with the Olympics this year does that make Q3 perhaps not as seasonally light. And, then just a follow up on that, what's the opportunity you are seeing in Asia Pacific kind of post the Olympics, is this accelerating opportunities there and then I guess last question would be, are you seeing any impact or change to the business due to the HD conversion that's going to be happening in 09? Are advertisers looking for anything different in the way their advertising due to the HD conversion?
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: I will deal with the last one first. No, I mean that's... its change is constant. So, there is no specific effort associated with every American has to have an HDTV in 2009 and 11, seem that is some thing everybody is highlighted.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That may increase peoples focus on maybe production quality or is there something I don't around that.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: The Olympics question.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is a lot of build up to the Olympics, what a lot of TV production, a lot of activity occurs prior to the actual games themselves, what happens in the games is a lot of events and promotions that go on in that quarter. These numbers are helpful, but they are helpful on the margin, alright. We are large diverse companies, as I just tried to indicate before, our business is spread over 2,000 agencies around the world and our larger single client accounts for 2.8% of our revenue. So no one event is going to move that need all that much. I think what the Olympics, what the elections, what soccer in Europe help is any mitigation that you have because of any down... decline in the U.S., it will help decrease those headwinds, but I don't think we are projecting big strikes in the third quarter at this point.
Randall J. Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean there are couple of things with some of these movements. There aren't too many companies that I have heard that will come out and said, It's an Olympic year and our net income is going to way down because we are going to spend a lot more money in marketing. So again, there is some movement around. The Q3 question that you asked, generally our smaller quarters are Q1 and Q3, if you think through the year little bit, I mean we are largely a services organization and well we have a lot of different revenue models, a lot of it boils down, these days to labor hours that you are consuming. So when you look though the quarters, thinking the starting point there should all be flat, you have kind of a January affect in Q1 which brings those numbers probably down a little bit from a norm and in Q3 you have an August affect, especially in Europe and starting to become more and more in the United States, so there is a lot of vacation time in that month which bring those numbers down a little bit. So on a natural bias, those two quarters are generally a little bit lower with Q3 and Q4 being higher. The way contracts are being done, there is some smoothing, versus our historic revenue patterns, so over the last few years, we have been seeing a bit higher organic growth in Q1 and Q3 versus Q2 and Q4 windows, trends smooth out, not sure, but, I think there is a little bit of a natural bias that Q1 and Q3 should be a little less than Q2 and Q4 on a long-term basis.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Right, thank you.
John D. Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. I think we are about out of time. So with that question I think we are going to thank everyone for their time, and we will talk to everyone over the course of the quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T's executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-23 06:00:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - VP and CFO John Wren - President and CEO
Analysts:  Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch Michael Nathanson - SanfordBernstein Katrina Fallon - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you and welcome tothe Omnicom Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time,all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct aquestion-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time.(Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd now like to introduce you to today'sconference call host, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer ofOmnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. We hope everyone's had a chance to review ourearnings release. We've also posted to our website, both the press release andthe presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. Thiscall is being simulcast and will be archived on our website. I've been asked to remind everyone to read theforward-looking statements and other information that's included on page one ofour investor presentation, and to point out that some of the statementsdiscussed today may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements arepresent expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We'll begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren.Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for thequarter in more detail. At the end of the call both John and I will beavailable for questions.
John Wren: Thank you. Thanks for joining our third quarter call thismorning. Our third quarter performance and that of the first nine months of theyear, I believe, was excellent. Our advertising agencies and marketing servicecompanies continue to grow across all the disciplines throughout the world. Theonly thing we saw this quarter, the only two sections that showed broadstatements, are two small business units, which are primarily U.S. based.They are recruitment advertising and the yellow pages business. Besides that weare very pleased with the growth we've seen across all of our companies. As Randy will cover in a lot more detail, our net new businessfor the quarter and for the first nine months reflects our continued ability toextend our services to the finest companies in the world. And our continuedinvestment in the development of our people, we believe, is still thecornerstone of our consistent performance. At this point I'll turn the call back over to Randy andhe'll take you through our presentation and then we'll be happy to answer anyquestions you might have.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks John. As John pointed out we are very pleased withthe performance of our agencies across the board. But before I get to theresults, I would like to remind everyone that the results are adjusted for thetwo to one stock split that occurred earlier this year. And all the current andprior period per share amounts and weighted average share amounts have beenadjusted in accordance with SFAS 128. So with revenue; revenue growth in the third quarterincreased $327.1 million to $3.1 billion. That was an increase of 11.8%. As aresult, revenue for the nine months increased 11.1% to almost $9.1 billion.Operating profit for the quarter increased 13.9% to $350.2 million. That's anoperating margin of 11.3%, which was about 20 basis points higher than thethird quarter of last year. For the nine months, operating profit increased 11.7% tojust over $1.1 billion. That made an operating margin of 12.4%, which was inline with last year’s reported margin. However, excluding a couple of one-timeitems that impacted last year margins, improved roughly 10 basis points. Over the first nine months of the year, we've continued toincrease our investment in our people, in training, in technology, and in newnumerous new business development initiatives, which together resulted in ourstrong year-over-year growth. And we believe we've positioned the company wellgoing forward. We believe these investments have significantly benefitedour new business record, which this quarter totaled $1.25 billion andyear-to-date has been about $4.2 billion. We believe that these investmentshave also been key for our consistent industry leading revenue performance. Interest expense, for the quarter was $19.3 million. Thatwas down about $7.4 million from last year. The year-over-year improvement isprimarily the result of not needing to pay any supplemental interest on our2031 and 2032 bonds. That savings is offset by higher overall interest rates onour short-term borrowings and increased daily average borrowings resultingprimarily from our share repurchase activity. On the tax front, our reported tax rate for the quarter andyear-to-date was about 33.9%. That was a bit up from last year. As you mayrecall, last year’s rate was favorably impacted by a couple of non-recurringitems. As of those items the underlying tax rates are fairly consistentyear-to-year. Net income for the quarter increased 14.2% to $202.2 millionbringing the year-to-date total up to $661.9. That was an increase of 12.8%.And diluted earnings per share, reflecting our performance for the quarter aswell as the impact of our share repurchase activity increased 19.2% to $0.62 ashare, bringing the year-to-date earnings to $2 per share, up about 18.3%. Analyzing our revenue performance, FX in the quarter waspositive 3.6% or adding $99.1 million to revenue. Looking ahead to Q4, if ratesstay where they are, FX should continue to be positive in the 3% to 3.5% range. Growth from acquisitions, net of divestitures was alsopositive, increasing revenue by $33.4 million or about 1.2% in the quarter andby $41.6 million or about 25% year-to-date. In Q3 we finally cycled out of the impact of the sale of thehealthcare business, which had been pulling down our acquisition growth overthe past several quarters. During the quarter we closed five new acquisitionsand appeared to be on track to close several more in Q4. Organic growth continued to be very strong, coming in at 7%in the quarter and accounting for $194.6 million of our revenue growth.Year-to-date, that leaves organic growth at 7.2% adding about $590.7 million toour revenue. As for our mix of business, traditional media advertisingaccounted for 41.7% of our revenue and marketing and services 58.3%. As for therespective total growth rates, advertising was up 12.1% and marketing andservices increased to 11.6%. Breaking down marketing and services revenue for thequarter, CRM was approximately 37.6%, public relations 10.2% and specialtycommunications 10.5%. As for their respective total growth rates CRM continuedto be very strong at 14.2%. Public Relations slowed a bit for the first sixmonths; however the performance remained quite strong at 9.7%. And specialtycommunications increased 4.8%. In this sector, healthcare was fairly strong inthe quarter, but the sector was pulled down by weakness in recruitment,advertising and yellow pages. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 53.4% U.S. and 46.6%international. In the U.S.,total revenue growth in the quarter was $114.4 million or 7.4%. Acquisitionsaccounted for 1.4% of that growth, or $21.6 million Organic growth was up 6%,adding $92.8 million. International revenue increased $212.7 million or 17.2%.Acquisitions added $11.8 million, FX as I mentioned, was very positive adding$99.1 million, and organic growth accelerated to 8.3% in the quarter, adding a$101.8 million to our revenue. Our international organic growth was driven largely bystrong performances in North America by Canadaand Mexico; in Europe by Germany, the Netherlandsand Italy; and in the largeemerging markets of Brazil, Russia, Chinaand India.I should also mention Australiaand New Zealandalso posted very positive results. Cash flow for the third quarter has been strong andconsistent with our historical trends. Our cash management programs havecontinued to perform well. We believe everyone knows our primary source of cashis net income, adjusted for basic non-cash charges, which for us are primarilystock based compensation charges and the related tax benefits and thendepreciation and amortization. Our use of cash dividends were recently increased by 20% to$0.15 per share on a split adjusted basis. Year-to-date our dividends havetotaled $133.7 million. CapEx totaled $160.8 million, acquisitions net ofdispositions and assets sales including earn out payments on prior acquisitionsyear-to-date totaled $317.9 million, and share repurchases year-to-date havetotaled $846.5 million. We also received $68.4 million of proceeds from optionexercises and stock sold under employee stock purchase plan that resulted innet repurchases of about $778.1 million. As of result our average diluted sharecount for the quarter was reduced to 328.2 million shares and we finished thequarter with diluted shares outstanding by approximately 326 million. With that now I'll ask the operator to open the call forquestions.
Operator:  Great, thank you very much. (Operator Instructions). Andyour first question this morning comes from the line of Troy Mastin withWilliam Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company:  Good morning. Thank you. Advertising growth remains prettystrong. I think you have paced marketing services growth in the quarter despitesome challenges in traditional media. Is there anything that's specificallychanges; maybe in the way you are selling or going to market that's drivingthis out performance despite these challenges in traditional media or somethingelse?
John Wren: No, Randy is about to go.
Randall Weisenburger: The only thing that’s worth noting, is our digital businessis in two buckets. Our standalone digital businesses are showing in CRM.However, the digital work that’s being done in our traditional agencies isbeing categorized as traditional media advertising, the way our systems work.So that’s somewhat, on as inflating driver, but it’s keeping the strong growthin digital, and in our traditional agencies is aiding and driving the growth ofwhat’s coming through is traditional.
John Wren: Yeah, you will see that Troy, there has been some publicity forcompanies like Goodby Silverstein, which two years ago were 100% traditional.We don’t track it exactly because we are trying to migrate everything else toan appropriate model where the trade press and stuff has stuff has come out andsaid that the mix there is 60:40 today. A story you’ll probably see in thisnext weeks is a similar story with a company called 180 where a year ago it wasall traditional, today it's not. That’s also embedded in the activities of someof our bigger agency offices throughout the networks. At this point, we don’t draw such a fine distinction in theway that we gather the numbers, because our objective is to make certain thateveryone of our companies is moving in that direction as appropriate inreflecting the needs of our clients. So...
Randy Weisenburger: It’s a little bit of mixed result that way.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: So it's fair to say that your exposure to traditional mediais declining in total as part of your mix over time?
John Wren: Yeah. That would be fair and that would also be consistentwith what's been going on in the company for the last 10 to 12 years. But yes.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: Okay good. It's just not so obvious in the numbers andthat's good to have that clear.
John Wren: No, it's important, but…
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: And then you mentioned …
John Wren: How can you get there, I am sorry.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: I was trying to say, you mentioned the two small U.S.units that you had some challenges in on the marketing and services siderecruitment and yellow pages?
John Wren: Right.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: Curious what you think about the long-term outlook for thesetwo businesses. Are we just facing a secular headwind in the near-term or arethere some issues here long-term and are these businesses that you feel likeyou need to be involved in the long run?
John Wren: Well recruitment, these are not big business platforms forus. They just happen to be good companies which are part of the group. We areconstantly evaluating that. In the case of recruitment advertising, I have seenthis happen. Now, I can't tell you how many untold times, starting in 1988 whenthe company was formed, it is cyclical to what's going on directly in theeconomy in the U.S. Yellow pages, I think is, traditionally is a more challengedbusiness model as you move forward. But it's again not - it's not a very bigunit within Omnicom, it's just organic growth would have even been greater I thinkdomestically, as these two individual units are being challenged.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: Okay and then finally on acquisitions. They picked up nicelyin the quarter. Curious what we should expect going forward. What you could sayabout the M&A market in terms of where you're focused? Where valuations lieand so forth?
John Wren: As you've known largely through the absence of acquisitionsover the course of last several years, we are extraordinarily disciplined interms of what our needs are and the prices we are ultimately willing to pay.And increasingly, especially when you get in to areas of digital and some ofthe new emerging technologies, in 85% of the cases over the opportunities thatpresent themselves, you face with a build versus a buy strategy on many ofthose things. And off times we have opt into to go to the build side of it. The pipeline still remains very robust, if market trendscontinue in terms of private equity and other things, we should, I think, seeprices come more in line with what our disciplines say we should pay. There isno way to be predictive of it, other than to say that we will in fact bedisciplined and do whatever is appropriate for our business units.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: If those prices come in line with your discipline, do youthink we could see you return to the 2% to 3% range or something you used totalk about years ago?
John Wren: I am not in a position to forecast that, what we do is ouracquisition polices really, we base it on the needs of the business units intransforming them to whatever they should appropriately be or to extend ourgeographies or to extend our product lines. That's a process which starts atthe business unit planning level. We keep the pipeline, because we do talk toeverybody. So, I think we are aware of what's available and what isn’t.But our actions are based upon a further analysis of what's the pricing, isthere another way to accomplish that task, which often times is an investmentin people, which gets reflected in our P&L's, but contribute we believe toour long term growth. So we really are not in a position to predict whatacquisition revenues would be from my perspective. I don’t know if Randy mightbe able to add some color to that.
Randall Weisenburger:  I think that's right. Over the last couple of yearsacquisition revenue has been pulled down a little bit, because of a coupledivestitures. As I mentioned in my comments we finally cycled on the sale ofthat healthcare business that we did last year at the beginning the thirdquarter. That's really the primary reason why this quarter acquisition revenuesort of had a step change. We're constantly evaluating our portfolio ofcompanies as well. But again it's difficult to predict exactly what's going tohappen.
Troy Mastin - WilliamBlair & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, Troy.
Operator: Thanks and your next question comes from the line of AlexiaQuadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani -Bear Stearns:  Hi thank you. John in your conversations with advertisers,is anyone talking about a pullback in spending going forward due to the(inaudible) economy. Are they generally, is their tone generally the same as ithas been all year?
John Wren: Well, first of all in a macro sense we'll be spending thenext 60 days going through our profit planning cycle, where we'll garner moreinformation from our individual companies. There is no question that especiallyin the United Stateswith all the stuff you see on the news channels and all the rest of it. Thereare certain sectors which and the price of oil that will be challenged I thinkfor the next couple of quarters. That's offset by emerging markets and some ofthe growth we are seeing outside the United States. So most of the companies we are servicing are multinationalin nature, and so total budgets don’t shift may be where they spend theirmoney, or how they spend their money is subject to a change. We are not seeingany, anything other than the obvious at this point. We have always been, and wewill continue to be very conservative in the way we approach our own company inrunning it.
Alexia Quadrani -Bear Stearns: And then when you have these sort of discussions over thenext 60 days or so, do you have a sense just from past experience how firm theytend to be, I mean, how much and now that is initialed sort of discussions, butdo you have a good sense of the revenue for ’08 based on those discussions oris there still lot of volatility?
John Wren: There is always volatility. It is volatility offset by amodel which produces consistency, but on an individual client in an individualsector. There is always volatility and I don’t think we garner enoughinformation in our year end profit planning cycle to predict 2008. We look attrends and factors and other things. I think some things which I have seen inthe past, which have benefited advertising and marketing will occur in 2008.Even though we are not directly involved in the elections, they do have animpact. We have the European [Soc], we have the Olympics. So, whereas there ishead wins in certain sectors, there is certain underlying benefits which areout there as well. It's just too early to call.
Alexia Quadrani -Bear Stearns: And then just lastly, any major really significant changesthroughout the quarter, I know you don’t give obviously monthly data, but ifthere was any significant change in trying to slow down as the quarterprogressed, if you could highlight that, and if that would, you know any reasonwe shouldn’t accept sort of the very good growth that you've continued to haveall year into Q4.
John Wren: Well Randy wanted to add something before, but Q4 is alwaysour largest quarter, so it always the most challenging when you look at growth.I am reading into your question. We don’t see anything fundamental, whichchallenges our performance at this point.
Randy Weisenburger: I certainly think there is nothing that seems to be changinggoing into Q4. Obviously a lot of economic noise the marketplace, but as Johnpointed out we really haven't heard anything from clients other than sort ofgeneral marketing concerns I guess. I haven't heard about any changing spendingpatterns yet.
John Wren: The one thing that is constant Alexia is that clients areinterested in ROI on their advertising and marketing investments and that's anarea, which I believe will continue to grow. That I am very comfortable withthat trend is only going to accelerate not decelerate.
Randy Weisenburger: A point I was going to make earlier on predictability ofrevenues. A large percentage of our model is predictable, probably maybe it's85% or 90% or maybe it's even a little bit higher of our base revenue is highlypredictable. That last, lets say it's 5% or 10%. The fact that its volatile butmore potentially variable, but spread across the larger number of clients,ultimately creates a lot of consistency because of its diversity. But thatpercentage can certainly vary, year-to-year or you don't start the year knowingwhat that's going to be.
Alexia Quadrani -Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you very much.
Randy Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks and our next question comes from the line of JasonHelfstein with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead
Jason Helfstein - CIBCWorld Markets:  My question was already answered. Thanks.
Randy Weisenburger: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Thank you. And then we're going to go a question from theline of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber - LehmanBrothers:  Yes. Good morning, thank you. You guys had got a questionlot of last couple of years. If a large firm like Google that they wouldpotentially take a lot of your potential revenues away in the coming years.What do you typically tell investors in your defense, against that argumentfrom investors?
John Wren: We were not Google's largest customers, which is something Idon’t think anybody focuses on. We're essentially in the area of content andmanaging clients down to the consumer. What I see Google doing is providing aplatform which is more challenging to existing medium networks than to what wedo.
Randall Weisenburger:  Google seems that they have sort of two pieces of business,when you think about it. They started out with some fairly interesting content,which was in the tools for consumers to better utilize the Internet. Frankly inindexing tool, and they obviously came out with a lot of other very interestingproducts between, Gmail and Google Maps etcetera. In order to get paid for their content, they needed todevelop and were pretty intelligent in developing an advertising based model oradvertising based platform and Ad sense that allows them to monetize the tact.Today it seems like they are going down similar paths, thinking about more waysof adding content and utilizing their technology to develop a better and betterad serving platform. I have never heard them wanting to get into the servicesmodel. Our companies are about helping clients, market their products andobviously we are going to use every tool and every service that's availablethat generates the best return on investment for our clients. So Google is certainlyan innovative company in both creating interesting content as well as creatinguseful platforms and technology for marketers to get to their customers with.
Craig Huber - LehmanBrothers: Then also if you could just switch over to [profit] marginsfor a second, Randy you've been pretty loud going into the [share to expectedmargins] basically flat for the year they were up slightly in the quarter. Wasthat just noise in the quarter or the revenue that should come in a littlebetter than you expected? I assume you did not pull down any of investmentspending? Just talk a little bit, thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: We've not pulled down the investment spending. I think ouragencies and certainly the Omnicom level that's probably continue to increase.Plus or minus let say 10 to 30 basis points is pretty tight to predict. When Itell people flat margins that's kind of what I am trying to tell them to modeland obviously we are hoping to achieve that or even achieve a little betterthan that.
Craig Huber - LehmanBrothers: Then lastly, both of a nit tick question, just looking atyour cash flow statement. Just, point of the difference is that the working capthis year was $300 million to $350 million or more of a use and CapEx is upabout $40 million. Is that just timing issues, which the investor expects forthe full year for both of those categories? Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: First of all, working capital is purely a timing issue. Ifind the GAAP cash flow statements personally difficult to read. On the workingcapital front for this quarter in particular this quarter ended on a Sunday.That resulted in a couple of days more cash, lot of boxes, which makes itworking capital and you can as much as $200 million to $300 million a day inworking capital cash flow swings. So, internal we track daily averages morethan these quarter end numbers. The other number that I do is I lookyear-over-year, so I go back to the third quarter of last year and track netincome, depreciation and amortization, acquisitions, stock repurchases etceteraand show it on a year-over-year basis it tracked very well. CapEx, two things, some of that I will say timing, I meanour big CapEx items are associated with real estate relocation; basicallyincreases in build outs, there have been a couple of those this year thatprobably move the numbers a little bit. I mentioned a couple of times in thepast that, we will probably shift some of our traditional leasing, operatinglease capital to more of a CapEx model or capital leases. That probably accountfor may be as much as $10 million of the year-over-year increase.
Craig Huber - LehmanBrothers: Okay, then just lastly if I could. You tell me yourcalculation, if you pulled out your recruitment and this yellow page businessanother small. What would the organic revenue growth have been in the quarterin the U.S.at least?
Randall Weisenburger: I don’t know, I didn’t do the numbers. I didn’t look at itthat way.
Craig Huber - LehmanBrothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And the next question then comes from the line of PaulGinocchio with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Paul Ginocchio -Deutsche Bank: Thanks, just asking a question about margins for thosepure-play digital operations. Because of higher I guess digital salaries orpeople interactive are those margins better or worse than you'd say you're moretraditional agencies. Thanks?
Randy Weisenburger: I think they're pretty much in line with our traditionalagencies. Right now, the demand for those services is pretty high. So theutilization rates in those units are pretty high. The services and the growthin those agencies is actually coming probably faster than we can recruit thequalified people to staff them.
Paul Ginocchio -Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Randy Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question now from the line of KarlChoi with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Karl Choi - MerrillLynch: Hi good morning, couple of questions here. The first one iswith the economic headwinds in the U.S. seems to be facing. Do youthink that U.S.organic revenue growth maybe will continue to trial a little bit the internationalorganic revenue growth in the next couple of quarter at least? And second islooking at the reported revenue growth for international markets outside the U.S.,it went from 9% in the second quarter to almost 20% in the third quarter. Wasit just the function of cycling through the Australian divesture or was thatthe underlying acceleration? Thanks.
John Wren: I didn’t quite get your first question, if I could ask youjust, I mean hear it, have you got…
Randy Weisenburger: If I got your first question was U.S. economic growth?
Karl Choi - MerrillLynch: Well, U.S.organic revenue growth versus international. International this quarteroutperformed the U.S.and this was the first time I think in about a year. Just wondering whether youthink this trend will continue.
Randy Weisenburger: Don’t know. The two businesses that we mentioned inrecruitment advertising, yellow pages, those are domestic businesses, fastmajority domestic businesses. So, that negative is impacting here and notinternationally. Internationally certainly some of the larger emerging markets,Brazil, Russia, India,Chinathey have exceptionally high organic growth rates. Another area that’s got avery good organic growth rate, extremely high is the Middle East. Those are certainly pulling up. The U.S. compared to EuropeI think is pretty consistent. So, the combination of those two factors at leastthis quarter gave international a bit of tail wind. Your second question was the divestiture, last year we werepulled down, because we sold the business in Australia. The health care businessthat we sold a year ago that was predominantly a U.S. business.
Karl Choi - MerrillLynch: Okay, and based on the acquisitions that you have done Randycan you give us a sense about what you think the acquisition contribution canbe in the fourth quarter?
Randy Weisenburger:  I would think probably some place in the 1% to 1.5% range isprobably in the ballpark obviously depending upon dispositions or anything thatwe might do.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
John Wren:  Thank you.
Operator: Thanks and our next question then comes from the line of MichaelNathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Thanks, I have two for John. John the first question is yousaid that the recruitment in yellow pages is a small number. Any sense of whatpercentage of your revenue base is exposed to domestic recruitment in yellowpage, would it be less than 2% or so.
John Wren:  Yes. How much I know.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay.
John Wren:  Without looking. Yeah, these are relatively small businessesand that's what they are.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay.
John Wren: They are good businesses for us. We've looked at themconstantly as we would look at our entire portfolios to, but right now they areokay and it's not unexpected that we have the impact we have.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, and then the question I have is, I think people aretrying to ask this question but have you see any change in behavior amongcertain U.S. client groups, like say consumer finance. If the point you may Ithink is you have not really seen any change in spending behavior. But I wonderhas anyone's mix shift change have you seen in the past couple of quarter'smaybe some of the sectors that have been under more pressure changing theirspending behaviors in terms of changing mix?
John Wren:  Not that I call it a trend other than say from a macroperspective. As I mentioned earlier clients increasingly are spending theirmoney in areas that are measurable. So that's why you see the growth in CRM andsome of the other areas. And I think that's a trend that'll continue that'sboth online and offline in the way that it gets delivered. So, we are notheavily exposed to the financial areas that you are referring to in terms ofour client base. So we may not be a very good proxy for macro trends in thatarea.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, but I guess, so I will follow up someone else, [but Iguess the point], what may be perhaps the spending is still there, but justcoming in different buckets? So people may be asking the wrong questionsactually?
John Wren: For the last couple of years I have seen incrementalincreases in marketing budgets go to new areas, but that hasn’t necessarilydestroyed the base, or come at the expense of the base. You see incrementaldollars being spent. Again, against that macro trend of ROI.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: I also think as you see further and further segmentation ofthe consumer. It's making it where marketers are needing to use more and moreavenues to get to their ultimate consumer. Obviously, they want greatermeasurability or better metrics for return on investment. People have beenseeking those things and improving technology to be in, allowing for bettermetrics. Obviously as an industry we are not where we ought to be yet.Fortunately, there is more and more technological platforms and tools beingdeveloped that will allow our companies to do a better job of that.
John Wren: And that’s very consistent with our business model, which isshare of wallet. We are not married to any particular technique or area indelivering that consumer, and no matter how complex the market becomes, for thebenefit of our clients.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. And we have got time for maybe one more question…
Operator: Okay, very good, the next question then comes from the lineof Katrina Fallon with Citi. Please go ahead.
Katrina Fallon -Citigroup: Great, thank you sir for letting me get the last question.Randy, excuse me if I missed this, but did you give the percent of totalcommissions and fees that went towards salaries and related costs?
Randy Weisenburger: No we didn't.
Katrina Fallon -Citigroup: Is that something that you have now or should I follow upwith you afterwards?
Randy Weisenburger: I don't have it off the [sitting] right at my fingertips, soif you can follow up afterwards, it would be better.
Katrina Fallon -Citigroup: Okay, great. Then just kind of big picture wise, as we seemore growth in digital, maybe mobile advertising, are you seeing an increase inthe types of salaries that you need to compensate these people with more of thehigh technology skills or is it just kind of a lost in the wash?
Randy Weisenburger: I think right now because of the sort of the rapid growth indigital. Certainly what I am hearing is that's an area that, it's a verycompetitive recruiting marketplace. Generally our clients, they allow us to geta reasonable return after our costs. All of the people in the industryproviding those services are faced with the same labor pool from a costperspective. So I don't think it really impacts our margins as much as ourability to recruit and retain that talent. Fortunately it's a pretty liquidmarketplace over say a couple of year timeframe. More and more people are beingtrained in how to use the new technologies, new marketplaces, digital mediaetcetera. And at the same time more and more tools are being developed to makework in that area easier and more marketing focus versus pure technology focus.
Katrina Fallon -Citigroup: Right.
John Wren: And then ultimately we are benefited in the long run by puredemographics of the age of our work force. There is not too many 24 year oldscoming to work for us today, that remember the Michael Jackson TV commercialsof the 80s to just barely born. So, as time progresses and we have a relativelyyoung work force especially in the United States, but through out theworld. Those people grew up in an environment of the complexity that we weretalking about, and they have become employees of what traditionally has been perceivedas traditional agencies. That's why I think you see the rapid change inexamples like Goodby, Silverstein, like as said a like company 180 and thenothers in terms of the way that we are delivering services, our employees don’tthink in traditional terms, because they grew up in an environment that’spresent today.
Katrina Fallon -Citigroup: Great, and then just one question. I know there was aquestion about Google, but if I could jump over to the other large technologyplayer. What do you think is going to happen with Microsoft and the aQuantiveacquisition? Do you see any; are they losing any clients there at Avenue A or Razorfish?Are you benefiting in anyway? And then also, do you think that that’s a viablepath for a company like Microsoft to go in or do you foresee that over timethey might divest those businesses?
Randy Weisenburger: You will have to ask Microsoft. Looking from the outside itseems like the primary aspect of their acquisition was the technology platformthat they got from aQuantive. RazorFish is a very good digital agency. I wouldthink it’s a great internal data site. Their objective is to build tools andtechnology platforms to serve the advertising and marketing community, which isultimately what I think their core objective is. One of their challenges is toget people to spend the time to [bait] to their products and services to helpthem develop it. Without that insight, being spread around the industry beforethe product or service can be unveiled. I would guess having a captive agencyto aid in that, might not be a bad thing.
John Wren: I do know that they still remain a very large client of twoof my competitors. So they have invaded everything.
Katrina Fallon -Citigroup: Great, wonderful, thank you so much.
Randy Weisenburger: Thank you. And thank you all for taking the time to listento our call.
Operator: Great, and thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen,that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation andfor using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - EVP & CFO   John Wren - President & CEO 
Analysts: Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch   Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company   Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns   Matt Galati - Lehman Brothers   Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets   Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom second quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  At this time, then, I'd like to introduce today's conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead. 
Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2007 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We've also posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. This call is being simulcast and will be archived on our website.  I've also been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included on page one of our investor presentation. And to point out that certain of the statements discussed today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially.  We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we will review the financial performance for the quarter in more detail. And then both John and I will be happy to answer any questions at the end. 
John Wren: Good morning. And thanks for joining our second quarter earnings call. Our second quarter's performance and for the first six months of this year was excellent. All of our agencies and marketing services companies continue to grow in each one of our disciplines throughout the world.  As Randy will cover in a lot more detail, our net new business for the quarter and the first six months of this year reflects our continued ability to extend our services to the finest clients -- companies in the world. Our continued investment in the development of our people, I believe we believe, is the cornerstone for our consistent performance.  At this point, I will turn this back over to Randy. And then he and I, as he's just suggested, will answer any questions you might have. Thank you. 
Randall Weisenburger: As John noted, the second quarter was an excellent quarter from both a financial and a market perspective, with our agencies continuing to distinguish themselves in the marketplace. Before I get into the results, I've been asked to remind everyone as a result of our recent two-for-one stock split, all current and prior period share and weighted average share amounts have been adjusted in accordance with SFAS 128.  Now, for the results. Revenue growth in the quarter increased $302.7 million to $3.1 billion. That was an increase of 10.7%. As a result, revenue for the six months increased 10.8% to $5.97 billion.  Operating income for the quarter increased 10.6% to $461.6 million. That's an operating margin of about 14.8%, which was about the same as second quarter last year. For the six months, operating income increased 10.7% to $777.1 million. And the operating margin was 13%, again, flat with last year.  Over the first half of the year, we've continued to increase our investment in our people, in training, in technology, and in numerous new business development initiatives, which together have resulted in our strong year-over-year growth. And we believe have positioned the Company well, going forward.  While internally, we see and feel the effect of these investments every day, externally they become more apparent in our agencies' consistent dominance of the creative award shows like Cannes and our new business performance, which this quarter totaled $1.7 billion and year-to-date has been about $3 billion and in our consistent industry-leading revenue growth performance.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $22.2 million, which was down about $3.3 million from last year. The year-over-year improvement is primarily the result of not needing to pay a supplemental interest payment on our 2031 bonds this past February, offset by higher overall interest rates on our short-term borrowings and marginally increased borrowings resulting from our share repurchase activity.  On the tax front, our reported tax rate was 33.9% for the quarter. That was up a bit from last year. And year-to-date, our tax rate was 33.8%, up from about 33.7% last year.  Net income for the quarter increased 13.4% to $276.7 million, bringing the year-to-date total up to $459.7 million. That was an increase of 12.2%. EPS, again, on a post-split basis. Fully diluted EPS, again reflecting our performance in the quarter as well as the impact of our share repurchase activity, increased 18.3% to $0.84 a share, bringing the year-to-date diluted number to $1.38, up 17.9%.  Analyzing our revenue performance. FX in the quarter was positive 3.1% or $88.7 million. For the six months, FX had a positive impact of $176 million or about 3.3%. Looking ahead to Q3, if rates stay where they are, FX should continue to be positive and at similar levels to the second quarter.  Growth from acquisitions, net of divestitures, was again marginally positive, increasing revenue by $6.2 million, or about two-tenths of 1% in the quarter, and by $8.3 million or about one-tenth of 1% year-to-date. During the quarter, we closed two acquisitions and appear to be on track to close several more in Q3.  As most of you know, for the past four quarters, our acquisition revenue has been muted by the divestiture of a health care business in the third quarter of 2006. Next quarter, this impact will cycle out as we expect to see an increase in our acquisition revenue for the remainder of the year.  Organic growth continued to be very strong, increasing to 7.4% in the quarter and accounting for $207.8 million of our revenue growth. Year-to-date, organic growth added $396.1 million or about 7.4% to our revenue.  As for our mix of business, traditional media advertising accounted for 43.7% of our revenue, and marketing services, 56.3%. As for their respective growth rates, advertising grew 11.8% in the quarter and marketing services increased 9.9%. Breaking down our marketing services revenue for the quarter; CRM was approximately 35.9%, public relations, 10.3%, and specialty communications, 10.1%.  As for their respective total growth rates, CRM continued to be extremely strong, accelerating to 14.8% growth in the quarter. Public relations also had an excellent quarter, increasing 11.9%, and specialty communications, which was impacted again by the disposition of a health care business and the third quarter of 2006, decreased 5.9% for the quarter. Adjusting for that divestiture, specialty communications would have been about flat in the quarter and up about 2.3% year-to-date.  Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 53.1% US and 46.9% international. In the United States, total revenue growth for the quarter was $124.3 million or 8.1%. Acquisitions, again, marginally positive at $2.6 million. Organic growth very strong, accelerating to 7.9%, adding about $121.7 million to our revenue.  International revenue increased $178.4 million or 13.9%. Acquisition growth was net-positive $3.6 million. FX again was very positive, increasing $88.7 million. And organic growth was very strong at 6.7%, adding $86.1 million to our revenue.  Our international organic growth was driven largely by strong performance across the board. But the countries of note are Canada, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Spain, Russia, China, and Australia.  On the cash flow front for the second quarter, again, was very strong and consistent with our historical trends. Our cash management programs have continued to perform very well. As we believe everyone already knows, our primary source of cash flow is net income adjusted for basic non-cash charges, which for us are primarily stock-based compensation charges and the related tax benefits, then depreciation and amortization.  Our primary uses of cash are dividends, which as most of you know, was just increased by 20% to $0.15 per share, that's obviously split-adjusted. Our year-to-date dividends totaled $84.2 million. Capital expenditures totaled $101.2 million year-to-date. Acquisitions, net of dispositions and asset sales, including earn-out payments on prior acquisitions, have totaled approximately $144 million. And share repurchases year-to-date have totaled $756.8 million.  We should also note that we've received $66.3 million of proceeds from option exercises and stock sold under our employee stock purchase plan. That's resulted in net repurchases of about $690.5 million. As a result of that, our average diluted share count for the quarter was reduced to 330.8 million shares. And I believe our outstanding share count at the end of June was about 328 million shares.  And with that, now, I'll ask the operator to open up the phone lines for questions. 
Operator: Great. Thank you very much. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Karl Choi with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. The net -- the organic revenue growth was certainly very strong in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about the prospects in the second half, given the net new business trends that was good in the quarter? And sort of any sense that maybe you can even exceed last year's performance? Thanks. 
John Wren: Our business continues to be strong. As you know, the fourth quarter -- the second half is a lot -- much -- it's a bigger half for us to work on. And we're affected by global trends and people's ability or willingness to spend money. We have never -- and we're certainly not prepared today to try to forecast that for you. Having said that, our net new business, which there is always a lag effect on, should start to contribute some additional revenues to the back half of the next quarter and then the fourth quarter itself. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And Randy, question. Any thoughts about share buyback -- the magnitude of share buyback in the second half? 
Randall Weisenburger: No, our share repurchase activity is really kind of the net of our cash flow after CapEx, acquisitions and dividends. I suspect that our share repurchase activity will probably continue a little bit slower-paced than the first half. But obviously, without being able to predict acquisition spending, it's harder to dial it in much more than that. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: It sounds like from your comment that acquisition activity may pick up a little bit in the third quarter. If you could just elaborate a little bit on it, that would be great. Thanks. 
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, we have a very active acquisition pipeline. We closed two acquisitions in the second quarter. It looks like we're on track for certainly three or four acquisitions in the third quarter. We've -- we continue to be interested in acquisitions that fit our long-term strategy and are priced appropriately for our shareholders. That hasn't changed. 
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. 
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. 
Operator: Thanks, and our next question comes from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Good morning, thank you very much. First question relates to new business wins, really strong in the quarter. I'm curious if the nature was any different than typical, I guess, between existing clients, new clients, geography, discipline. And the average has been about $1.2 billion over the last two or three years. I'm curious if you feel confident that the internal changes that you've made recently should result in maybe a higher run rate, as has been the case in the last two quarters? 
John Wren: I'm not aware, Troy, of any seismic changes in what we've been doing. New business, as everyone should know, it is not -- that is not something we can drive. That's the result of us being invited into opportunities where clients or potential clients want to make a change.  Having said that, a lot of organic growth is driven by the underlying growth of our existing client base. We don't see any real change in the pace of clients reviewing their accounts. And our strategy is to bat very well when we're able to get up to the plate. So we're not in a position to predict that. And so, therefore, I can't really respond to your question the way you've asked it. 
Randall Weisenburger: Breaking the net new business up into sort of two groups; there's a large -- a very large number of, I'll say, relatively small wins that happen around the world because we have so many agencies. The consistency of that group of wins continues to be very high, and over the last few quarters has probably even stepped up a little bit higher than normal.  The larger wins and losses, those obviously happen, there's less of them and they're much harder to predict from one quarter to another, which bounces -- can bounce the number around a bit. This quarter being $1.7 billion, first quarter being $1.3 billion -- that change is something that's very difficult to forecast one way or the other. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then also, I saw CapEx was up a fair amount verses last year. I wondered if you could get some details on why. And should we expect this to be a more permanent situation, with higher CapEx? 
Randall Weisenburger: Well, it's probably a couple things going on in CapEx. One, I've said it a few times, we've historically done a lot of our, I'll say, technology requirements, PCs, servers, et cetera, through leasing programs -- through operating leasing programs. We will probably shift some of that spending towards CapEx. That doesn't really change the economics of those equipment purchases.  They change a little bit -- effectively the way we're -- I'll say -- financing them. That might have a $20 million to $30 million per year change in our CapEx numbers. Over time, we'll probably look at shifting some of our other purchasing programs from operating leases to potentially capital leases or CapEx. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay. Great. And then finally, you add -- just formed OMG Digital. I wonder what you are willing to share with us regarding how you feel this is really going to differentiate you in the marketplace? 
John Wren: One of the observations that we had in creating this was to actually benefit from the significant amount of spending that we do online, and that's growing faster and faster every day. I think we had estimated, although it's probably hard to actually get an exact number, that our collective billing when you go across our spend -- when you go across the agencies today is at about $2 billion.  We think that we can do a better job for our clients if we approach purchasing of digital -- specifically digital buying in a manner similar to what we've done for the last decade, from a traditional point of view.  It also allows us to look at the business, look at the systems that we need to track the effectiveness that spending, and I think attracts people who are merging with new technologies and new capabilities, when they see the level of spending that is actually done through our companies. So it is an important step, which establishes a basis for us to grow even faster in this area by becoming more efficient. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Thank you. 
John Wren: Thank you. 
Operator: Thanks, and we have a question now from the line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you, a couple of questions. First, could you give us a little bit more color on the growth in your larger markets in Europe, specifically Germany and France?  And then secondly, the weakness in specialty -- I think you said it was flat, organically. Is there anything else weighing down in that business? And what sort of -- should the normalized growth in that area be? 
Randall Weisenburger: I'll answer that one. This quarter, two areas -- that whole category is made up basically of two things -- or three things that dominate it; healthcare is the largest, second is our recruitment advertising sector. We obviously have -- the divestiture in healthcare was fairly substantial.  A couple of our other healthcare practices were not showing the double-digit growth that, I'll say, has been more consistent in the past. And recruitment advertising was down a little bit in the quarter -- that's probably more economic or marketplace driven and possibly, a little bit of second quarter driven.  As far as international growth, this quarter, Germany was quite strong. France was not as strong. Obviously, when you're looking at growth rates on a quarterly basis, especially when you get down by country, you can certainly -- a new business win or loss or a shifting of an account or the timing of spend and account from one quarter to another can move these percentages a bit.  These are a percentage -- 1% growth in a country like Germany, which is obviously a substantial country, is only a couple million dollars in a quarter. So these percentages can bounce around a bit. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Just back on specialty for a minute, could you give us the sense of -- is healthcare really the larger part of it? I just want to get a sense of what, going forward, may remain weak because of the economy verses what may bounce back? 
John Wren: Alexia -- specialty in the aggregate is 10% of our revenue -- so just keeping it in perspective. The impact that we had in the recruitment advertising side, it's fully been anticipated by us through the year and as we continue to grow our companies. Healthcare, I don't know the exact number, maybe Randy does. 
Randall Weisenburger: Probably about 8.5% of that 10%. 
John Wren: Right. If you take 10% of $3 billion, you're already at $300 million. You shifted a slight amount of revenue. In the context of this conversation, it seems like a big number, but it's not. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Okay. And just one last question then. It seems like on most your geographies, you really seem to be operating on all cylinders, growth seems to be really strong. Is there anything -- I know you're not an economist, but is there anything you're seeing now that's particularly worrisome? Do you suspect the good growth to continue in the back half of the year, in terms of -- in the geographic regions? 
John Wren: We're certainly not the economists. Our net new business activity has been strong, so execution is obviously very important. I think it's been widely talked about with the US elections coming. That certainly creates a -- probably an economic environment or at least incentives for the economic environment to stay fairly robust.  We've got the Olympics coming up next year. There's a number of things that would probably -- generally say that the economic environment and our operating environment should remain strong for the next 18 months. That, combined with continued strong operating performance of our agencies, we're reasonably optimistic. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question now from the line of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Matt Galati - Lehman Brothers: Yes, good morning, this is Matt Galati on behalf of Craig Huber. I just had two questions, actually. Given the strength in organic revenue, do you any opportunity in terms of increasing margins? Or are you somewhat satisfied with where they are?  My second question is; by vertical, is there any strength or weakness that you're aware of? Thank you. 
Randall Weisenburger: John may answer too -- I'm very satisfied with the 18.3% EPS growth. We've said it numerous times. We're focused on EPS growth, we're focused on operating efficiencies at our agencies' level that allow us to continue to make increasing investments across the board, in our people, technology, marketing initiatives, development initiatives, et cetera.  Those are the things that drive the consistent long-term performance of the Company, which I tried to point out in my comments earlier, we think we're well-positioned going forward, we think those investments are certainly paying off. We see them and feel them internally all the time.  Externally, it's probably a little bit harder to see, at least directly. But you see it indirectly through the consistent executional performance of our agencies in things like the award shows, the placement that they get -- the below the line agencies, in their awards. That's certainly a testament to the quality of the people that we have.  Low turnover, the high net new business wins, that's a result of, again, investing in our people, training programs, et cetera. So we're pretty comfortable with the way the business is going right now. 
John Wren: On the margin question, that really -- if you look at the last several years, we've done more in terms of internal growth, than we have in terms of -- way more than we have in terms of acquisitions. Since growth for us is the investments in people, the investments in our technology, the investments in the way that we develop our people, we're not purchasing revenue, we're actually making those investments.  And there's always a lag time between when you incur those costs, make those decisions, and when you start to see a result from it. I think the way we view it is we're always looking to optimize, not maximize the performance of the Company. And that has a long-term -- there's a long-term basis to those decisions.  So as we invest in people, as is appropriate, there's a cost to that. And that cost is reflected in margin performance. We have the ability, based upon the decisions we make, to impact that. And I think we've struck the correct balance over the past several years. And I don't see any significant change to that. 
Randall Weisenburger: Your second question was regarding sectors. We do some analysis, at least at this point in the quarter, on our top 250 accounts -- try to break them up into sectors, obviously. Which client you put in which sector is depending upon definitions of sectors, I guess.  Our top 250 accounts through the first six months increased around 16%. That's total revenue, not organic. And pretty much across the sectors, look pretty consistent. Some of the larger sectors had, I'll say, high-single digit, low double-digit growth. Obviously, the bigger the sector, a little bit less volatility from a executional standpoint. But for the most part, everything was pretty consistent. 
Matt Galati - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you. 
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. 
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question now from the line of Jason Helfstein with CIBC World Markets. 
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thanks. Based on data that we've got, if I add up kind of Agency.com, Organic, Tribal, DDB and Critical Mass, you probably have other online agencies that I don't know of; you're about 20% bigger than everybody else, if you aggregate up the numbers.  Can you just talk about -- we don't hear a lot from you guys relative to your competition about kind of what's going on in the online ad agency business and the progress. But is there any color you can give on that business and how you expect that to grow and how you expect that to impact your business overall going forward? Thanks. 
John Wren: I'll try this and then Randy can -- is free to add to it. I think at a recent CBWA Worldwide Conference, somebody asked me the question about digital as a specialty or digital as -- in some way. Trying to answer it very positively but also pointing out reality to them, simply every aspect of our business has a significant -- and increasingly significant digital component to it. And we started making these investments in 1995, 1996.  But the specialty companies that you just enumerated, which are the easiest to make a distinction about -- but I'd have to say I'm not really aware of too many parts of our business or individual offices or country which haven't continued to shift to where digital is becoming an increasingly important venue for us to reach the consumers that we're looking to reach.  And I also think that when you look at the average age of our employees throughout the world, it's being driven by clients, but it's also being driven internally by the proportion of people who don't quite -- don't make the distinction any longer between what's interactive or what's digital and what's traditional.  And that's impacting our business, and I think as time passes, these distinctions will become less important because everything today and everything increasingly in the future is going to have a digital component to it. Randy? 
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's exactly right. I use a couple examples because they are easy to talk about. Agencies like Goodby & Silverstein, your traditional -- your historically traditional agency, obviously a creative powerhouse and leader, they were Digital Agency of the Year.  We're seeing PR firms, Fleishman & Ketchum, very significant digital practices there and direct marketing firms, in (inaudible). International, obviously the conversation becomes very US-centric because of the brands that we talk about more frequently here. But all of our international operations have digital, either built in or stand-alone digital agencies in their groups, as well.  It's a very important medium. We don't believe it should stand out as a separate discipline. Although the skill sets today are being developed, they're being integrated at an ever-increasing rate. 
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: So when you think about, historically, how your organic growth rate compared to, let's say, worldwide GDP growth or US GDP growth and then you kind of -- you have this digital component on top. It seems, because of the trends we're seeing, that for some period of time that would actually accelerate your growth relative to, let's say, GDP growth. Would you agree with that? 
Randall Weisenburger: We've said for a while that we think given our size, et cetera, that we ought to be able to outpace GDP by 200 or 300 basis points per year -- or our organic growth outpace GDP by 200 to 300 basis points. We think we've achieved that.  We've also achieved pretty significant relative organic growth rates verses many of our competitors in the industry. We think that's obviously the execution of our agencies and our mix of business being somewhat different. 
John Wren: There's a blending, though, that goes on. Evidence the growth, which is reported and kind of online and digital. The incremental growth, I guess, going into those areas -- some markets that faster paced than others. But then refer back to what the upfront just showed you, which was -- it was essentially in line with the past.  So there's incremental growth in marketing dollars, I think, going to specific areas. But there is very little erosion, except for in certain areas like newspapers, from what makes up a large part of our base.  Having said that, you look at cellular phone growth in the United States and then go to India. India brings on six million new customers a year -- I mean a month -- pardon me -- a year. The world, I don't think we can generalize -- we have to be rather specific in terms of the underlying growth of -- the pace of the underlying growth in various markets around the world. 
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: And just one follow-up, specifically. So clearly, you would describe this quarter, the flat margins year-to-year was primarily all these investments in your business. Without giving us guidance, do you have the same level of planned investments in the back half or is it too early to say? 
John Wren: First of all, 14.8% margin performance for a service company -- I'm pretty pleased with that. 
Randall Weisenburger: Especially that combined with 7.3% organic growth, and the consistency of that organic growth. We've said it very consistently that we're focused on balancing margin improvement and the growth of our business. We're focused on delivering great earnings per share growth to shareholders. And that's a balance of those factors. We think right now it's dialed in at a pretty good level. 
John Wren: And those decisions really get ranked and made based upon the individual plans for each one of our base companies -- or our disciplines, based upon what we see as need. And Randy and I, for instance, just got back from Omnicom University -- thank God we went at different times, because they can compare -- the students can compare both of our answers.  That's been a huge -- very important program that we've expanded. It's been in place here since 1995, and every year, we're so pleased with it that we continue to expand it. This year, it's gotten even more robust in, not only what we do here in the United States, but what we do in Europe. And I think come September, we're actually exporting this for the first time to China.  So we know that as we make investments in people, as we develop people, especially middle-level people and then expand the capabilities of our managers, that that reaps real benefits in many, many ways starting from retention to the way people view various disciplines, to their ability to adjust their business models as their clients need to adjust them.  And there's a balance that goes on and we're always weighing these decisions. As I said, if you're making an investment in people, if you're making investments in the development of technology -- we don't have R&D budgets. That gets reflected in our P&Ls. 
Randall Weisenburger: And I've got -- I'll put in a sales pitch, as well. We just came back from our financial leadership conference, which is an initiative we started, I guess, three or four years ago. Our North American financial leadership conference -- we had over 400 of our North American financial staff attended for almost a week.  We hold that once a year in the US, twice a year in Europe and twice a year in Asia. Certainly, our financial operations help distinguish us from many of our competitors, as well. Those are investments in the long-term development of the Company that we think are the right things to do. And the results seem evident. 
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thank you very much. 
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. I think we have time for one more question and then we'll let people finish up before the open of the market. 
Operator: All right. Very good. And that question will come from the line of Paul Ginocchio with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, just on -- the equity line had a pretty good growth year-on-year, could you comment on that? Was that recurring or is there something non-recurring in there? And second, are you seeing any Olympics spending build-up or is that still yet to come? 
Randall Weisenburger: Equity -- you mean equity in affiliates? 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Yes. 
Randall Weisenburger: Trying to think if there's any one-time things. I think there were a couple -- those obviously -- that line item is made up of a relatively large number of individual investments. I don't think there was anything that stood out too dramatically in this quarter.  Clemenger BBDO in Australia has been doing very well. That's a business that we own, I think about 46% or 47% of. It's the BBDO affiliate in Australia and New Zealand, it's a very substantial, extremely well-run company. I believe the leader in that part of the world. I think that was certainly up year-over-year. 
John Wren: And your second question -- I'm sorry, what was it? 
Randall Weisenburger: And the second question? 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Do you think there's still -- are you starting to see some specific spending around Olympic creative? Or is that still coming, you think? 
John Wren: That won't occur in earnest until next year. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you. 
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you all very much. And everyone have a great day. 
Operator: Great. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-13 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President   John D. Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Co.   William Bird - Citigroup   Steven Barlow - Prudential Equity Group   Lauren Rich Fine - Merrill Lynch   Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers   Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Omnicom fourth quarter and year-end 2006 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions)  At this time, I would like to now introduce you to today’s conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead, sir. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2006 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have also posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we will present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website.  I have been asked by the attorneys to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included on page one of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements discussed today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially.  We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John’s remarks, we will review our financial performance for the quarter and the 12-month period in more detail, and then at the end, John and I will be happy to answer any questions. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
John D. Wren: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. 2006 was an excellent year for the group, and as Randy has just mentioned, he will take you through all the details in just a couple of minutes.  Revenue growth for the quarter and for the year was very strong in all of our markets, I think with the exception of Japan, where that can be traced to a single client and some restructuring that we have done during the year. Despite this one market, revenue growth has been very strong across the board.  In the United States, growth is strong in all of our services. In Europe, we were especially strong in Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, and the other non-Euro countries. In Asia, we made real progress during the year in China and our other markets are performing very, very well. South America, the Middle East, and Africa all exceeded planned revenue growth for the year.  From a portfolio perspective, we continue to make investments in new areas. They are not large investments. They are rather small, but they are really reflective of the shifts that are occurring in client spending. And our traditional agencies, by every measure, continue to be the best in the industry.  With that as brief comments, I will turn this back over to Randy who will take you through more detail, and then, as he suggested, we will answer as many questions as we can. Thank you. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: As John noted, we are very pleased with the overall performance of our agencies. 2006 was another outstanding year from a financial perspective, but more importantly, our agencies continue to distinguish themselves and the marketplace in terms of creativity and innovation.  As a result, revenue growth in the fourth quarter increased $277 million to $3.2 billion. That was an increase of 9.4%, and for the year, revenue increased 8.5% to $11.4 billion.  Operating income for the quarter was $474.2 million. That was up 11.3%, and that was an operating margin of about 14.7%, which was about a 20 basis point increase from last year. For the year, operating income increased 10.7% to about $1.5 billion and our operating margin was 13%, which was also about a 20 basis point increase from last year.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $24.1 million. That was an increase of $7.6 million versus Q4 of last year and a decrease of about $2.6 million from last quarter. For the year, net interest expenses were $91.6 million, up $32.4 million compared to last year.  The year-over-year increase, both in the quarter and for the year, is due primarily to our issuance of the 10-year fixed rate notes at the end of Q1. If you recall, that was a $1 billion issue with an annual effective interest rate of about 6.1%, or roughly $15 million a quarter.  The increase from that issue was somewhat offset by a reduction in other debt, as we used some of the proceeds of the issue to pay down outstanding bank lines and approximately $300 million of our convertible notes, as well as continuing improvements on our cash management efforts.  I am also happy to point out that last Tuesday was the annual put date for our 2031 convertible bond issue, and given where the stock is trading and general market conditions, we did not offer a supplemental interest payment to bond holders and no bonds were put back to the company.  As a result of that, our interest expense for 2007 will be reduced by about $30 million. I also need to point out that we will have an additional quarter of interest, or about $15 million on a 10-year fixed rate note, again that we issued at the end of Q1 last year, so combined, these two items will result in a reduction in interest expense of about $15 million year over year for 2007.  On the tax front, our reported tax rate was 33.6% for the quarter and 33.5% for the year. As you may recall from our third quarter call, we mentioned our tax rate was affected by the unfavorable tax impact resulting from the disposition of the healthcare business and the favorable resolution of various uncertainties related to changes in certain foreign tax laws. Absent the impact of these items in Q3, our tax rates for the year would have been about 33.7%. We do not expect our operating tax rate for 2007 to change significantly from the 2006 rate.  Net income for the quarter increased 9.7% to $277.2 million, bringing the total for the year up to $864 million. That was an increase of about 9.3%.  Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter increased 14.9% to $1.62 per share, and for the year, increased 14.4% to $4.99. The strong EPS growth for the quarter and for the year was driven by a combination of solid net income growth and the year-over-year reduction in our diluted average share count.  Analyzing our revenue performance a bit further, FX in the quarter was positive 2.9%, or $85.8 million, and as a result, turned the FX impact for the year around to being marginally positive at seven-tenths of 1%, or $72.3 million. Looking ahead to Q1 2006, if rates stay where they are, FX should be positive about 2.5% for the quarter.  Growth from acquisitions net of divestitures was marginally negative in the quarter, reducing revenue by about $3.5 million, or one-tenth of 1%. This decrease is primarily the result of the divestiture of the healthcare business that we mentioned at the end of, or in the third quarter of 2006.  For the year, acquisitions added about $25.9 million, or two-tenths of a point to revenue. We did close about 16 new acquisitions over the course of 2006, and the potential acquisition pipeline continues to be fairly strong and our investment objectives and criteria have remained consistent.  Based on the acquisition activity through year-end, our acquisition growth in Q1 will be basically flat. Again, that is impacted primarily by the divestiture in the third quarter of last year. That should roll out or cycle out by Q3 of next year.  As for our mix of business in the quarter, traditional media advertising accounted for 43.3% of our revenue, and marketing services accounted for 56.7%. For the year, the ratios were 42.8% advertising and 57.2% marketing services.  As for their respective growth rates, advertising grew 6.6% in the quarter and 6% for the year, while marketing services, which was driven by the continuing strong performance of our CRM businesses and the 2006 resurgence of our PR businesses, grew 11.6% in the quarter, bringing the 12-month growth rate up to 10.5%.  Breaking down our marketing services revenue for the quarter, CRM was approximately 36.9%; public relations, 9.7%; and specialty communications, 10.1%. As for their respective total growth rates: CRM’s growth accelerated to 15% in the quarter; public relations continues to pick up speed, growing 16.3%; and specialty communications, which was impacted by the disposition, decreased 2.4%. Adjusting for that disposition, specialty communications would have grown about 2.3%.  Organic growth was again very strong in the quarter at 6.6%, accounting for $194.5 million of our revenue growth, and for the full year organic growth, which was driven in part by very strong new business activity in 2005, was $797.6 million, or about 7.6%, which brought the -- that was an increase of about 30 basis points over 2005.  Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 52.4% U.S. and 47.6% international. In the United States, total revenue growth for the quarter was $109.6 million, or 7%. Acquisitions were positive, about $1.2 million, and organic growth remained very strong at about 6.9%, adding $108.4 million to our revenue, which brought our year-to-date organic growth in the U.S. up to 7.2%.  On the international front, revenue increased $167.2 million, or 12.3%. FX had a positive impact of $85.8 million. Acquisition growth was marginally negative at $4.7 million, and organic growth, due largely to strong performance in the quarter in Germany, Spain, China and Australia, was $86.1 million, or about 6.3%.  Moving to cash flow, cash flow in the quarter and for the year has been extremely strong and our cash management programs have continued to perform very well. As we believe everyone already knows, our primary source of cash flow is net income. That adjusted for basic non-cash charges, which for us is primarily stock-based compensation charges and the related tax benefits, and then depreciation and amortization.  As for our primary uses of cash, there are dividends, which are currently running about $0.25 per share. For the year, they totaled $175.8 million. CapEx totaled $177.6 million. Acquisitions net of dispositions and asset sales, including earn-out payments on prior acquisitions, netted $204.9 million. And share repurchases, which in the quarter totaled $262.4 million. That brought the year-to-date repurchase activity to $1.344 billion. For the year, we also received $298 million of proceeds from option exercises and stocks sold under our employee stock purchase plan. That resulted in net repurchase activity of just over $1 billion.  As a result of these items and continued improvement in our cash management efforts, we finished the year with net debt of just over $1.1 billion. That was about a $26 million reduction from last year, and our average diluted share count for the year was $173.1 million, and the average for the fourth quarter was $171.3 million. I think that $171.3 million number looks like a pretty good estimate for Q1 as well.  With that, now we will open up the call for any questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question this morning comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Co.: Good morning, and thank you. A couple of questions. First, on the specialty growth in the quarter, I guess the organic growth if you take out the divestiture out of that 2.3%, is that a good run-rate that we should assume for 2007? Then I have a couple of follow-up questions. 
John D. Wren: We do not forecast that, Alexia, number one, and number two, I cannot really tell you. That really is the smallest division that we have. In principally is recruitment advertising and healthcare. Healthcare for the year was much stronger than that overall number and recruitment advertising, which is a specialty company that we have, was not -- they are all profitable, they are all tracking to plan, they are tracking to cycle, but in the aggregate, it is the smallest part of our business. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Co.: I was going to move on to the next question, which is the international marketplace. You gave some color in terms of which markets were better than others. Could you also comment on how the U.K. is tracking, and any comments on France as well?  Then, my last question would be the use of cash. Randy, you did go through your historic priorities use of cash. Given that you have such an impressive cash flow in the fourth quarter particularly, would we expect a change in the priority in 2007? Would you expect to be maybe more inquisitive in ’07, given your very healthy cash flow? 
John D. Wren: Let me do part of that. For the year, the U.K. and France were very good and very strong compared to all the prior years. In the quarter itself, the U.K. was a little less than it was for the preceding nine months, but we are very, very happy with the performance. We had a change in management where the new CEO was delayed because of his contract in one of our units, and he is on board now. So we are seeing new leadership emerging there, and that was a quarterly event, which really impacted the fourth quarter more than anything else.  It was a very decent year in both of those markets, better than I would have projected this time last year. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it is very difficult to break our numbers out by quarter by country. I said that to all of you many times. You can get some very misleading numbers and some relatively small changes in revenue can move those growth rate percentages 200, 300, 400 basis points in a quarter. For the year, both the U.K. and France were quite strong.  As far as the cash flow numbers go, our first priority has always been acquisitions. We would prefer to make good acquisitions that are strategic and accretive to our investors on the financial basis that we want to do acquisitions. So that is first and foremost. The remaining cash we use to repurchase shares. 
John D. Wren: I think just to put a finer touch on that, Alexia, we are very pleased with our portfolio. We think that if you look at our portfolio, especially compared to our competitors, we are in the right places to continue to gain share of wallet from our clients. There are things that we have planned to purchase, areas geographic and some service additions, but we are not going to overpay for them because we do not need to.  We are very vigilant about it but we are still very, very disciplined about it. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Co.: Has the environment gotten more competitive from a pricing standpoint, or has it pretty much been the same all year? 
John D. Wren: Well, our behavior hasn’t changed all year. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think the competitive environment has been about the same all year which, for larger acquisitions and larger -- I will say mid-size acquisitions, things with $20 million of EBIT, it is pretty competitive. The financial buyers or private equity seem to be very aggressive. Smaller acquisitions I think have been pretty consistent for quite a while. 
John D. Wren: Nobody has sent the private equity guys the note saying that there are probably only three or four guys that could buy these things after they restructure them and our discipline is not going to change. Some of this is just sloshing money around, but again, we have always been very, very disciplined and we always seem to manage to grow I think faster than anybody in our space. So we have not had to overpay or pay what we believe are unjustified prices under the guise of it is strategic. 
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns & Co.: Thank you very much. 
Operator: We have a question then from the line of William Bird with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
William Bird - Citigroup: Randy, just looking at cash flow, it looked like cash flow from ops was up about 75% for the year. But if you exclude a big swing in working capital and subtract CapEx, it looks like you are up just about 2% for the year. I am just wondering if you could elaborate on what is driving this. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I have not done quite the analysis that you did. Our cash flow basically follows net income, depending upon -- it depends on how you want to account for it. If you take the four categories that I just described, cash flow is very much in line. Then you get into working capital changes or cash management programs, which this year was extremely strong. We have renewed efforts in that area to try to continue to improve our systems and our performance.  When you get into some of the other cash flow lines in the more of a GAAP cash flow statement, you have to get into changes in FX and all kinds of other relatively small movements that go back and forth.  But basically, our cash flow is net income. 
William Bird - Citigroup: Okay, and just a follow-on for John, I was wondering if you could just talk in general about what clients are saying on ’07? I guess as you look at the year, what are some of the key priorities you are looking to improve upon? Thanks. 
John D. Wren: Sure. Let me just talk about cycle first. Typically, the 18 months preceding an election have classically historically been very strong for the industry, so for the full year, I expect the second-half spending to kick up a little bit and then that continuing to 2008, if historical trends carry through.  The first-half, I know what January was and that was stronger than I expected it to be. We are big company and so these are big numbers, and currency helped a little bit. We have not fully factored that through, but January was a good month.  Client spending -- it depends really on the industry sector, and will really I think be reflective of a continuation of ’06 based upon what I see right this minute. But I have a suspicion that once you get to the third and fourth quarter, because of the election cycle and some other things, the industry will see a positive situation over the course of the next 24 months.  Then, what was the second part of that? 
William Bird - Citigroup: Just key priorities as you look at ’07. 
John D. Wren: Well, I guess geographically, the number one priority is still Asia. We made great progress in China over the last 18 months, and that continues. We seem to be -- we have momentum there and I think that is going to continue.  In India, where it is a relatively small advertising market, even though it has such a huge population, we are still -- we still have things to do. I think with the appointment of Keki, who is our chairman in India, we have made a lot of progress in the last four or five months that he has been on board, and I am expecting that to turn into results as we get later into the year in terms of broadening our service capabilities across the sub-continent. That will allow us to do what I think we have accomplished in China over the last 18 months, which was our first priority, which was to gain back our global clients in those markets.  Our second priority is then to look to domestic companies in those markets which want to be exporters. So we are proceeding very rapidly at that pace.  In terms of the portfolio, we are very happy with the advertising assets that we have. We think longer term, they will become completely full integrated and if you go out just a couple of years, you will not be able to truly tell the difference between what is call general media advertising today and CRM and other things. But in terms of investments that we continue to make, it is really reflective of shifts in client spending.  We have a lead I believe in things like the Internet and CRM, and it has been my belief for over a decade, even longer, anything you can measure you can get clients to spend money on. So our focus, from an acquisition and from a growth perspective, is to continue to make investments in those areas. 
William Bird - Citigroup: Thank you. 
John D. Wren: Low-hanging fruit, there are a lot of accounts, there are a lot of unreported new business activity going on very quietly at the moment, which is a very positive thing for a company like ours. 
William Bird - Citigroup: Great, thanks. 
Operator: We have a question then from the line of Steve Barlow with Prudential Equity. Please go ahead. 
Steven Barlow - Prudential Equity Group: Thank you. Randy, I know you do not measure your digital revenue as an overall percent on sort of day-to-day operations, but I wonder if there is a way to give us a sense of what is the dollar amount of your digital businesses and how that grew from ’05 to ’06. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I really do not have a very good way of doing it. Our digital businesses are -- I will say divided. We have some standalone digital businesses. Those companies show up in our CRM category and we can track those because they are all digital, and they are growing quite well.  A lot of our digital activity, probably more than half of our digital activity -- actually, I would say well more than half of our digital activity is integrated into our other agencies. A good example of that, just to name one, would be something like Goodby Silverstein. Obviously we all think of it as a traditional media advertising firm from its history. It was digital agency of the year last year. That type of digital activity, we just do not break it out in our collection systems. 
John D. Wren: One of the reasons over the past 18 months we moved CRM assets, interactive assets under our agency umbrellas was to drive this process in a very sensible fashion. With the demographics of the average age of our employees and the average age of our creative people, these lines are going to get increasingly blurred. I think you see that. We have been reacting to it for the last several years.  I think now you see mainstream media companies in the United States finally reacting to it, but we have been ahead of the curve with respect to that. We even refer to media planning as communications planning now because it is not just to traditional media that we look to service our clients’ needs or reach the customers that they are trying to reach.  So because I think we have stayed ahead of it, it is an evolution, not a revolution for us. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: We just do not have a way of breaking out the numbers accurately quite the way you are asking for it, and from a business perspective, we think long-term, we are going to see more and more complete integration of the two. Some clients will still want digital or purchase digital activity separately, at least for a few more years, but more and more, it is on an integrated basis. 
Steven Barlow - Prudential Equity Group: On another related category question, is there any way to isolate where the momentum is coming from some of the various product categories, whether it is telco on a worldwide basis or auto or anything that is really helping drive all the organic revenue growth? Is there any way to say which category is leading the charge here a bit? 
John D. Wren: Not really. It shifts, number one, year to year, quarter to quarter. It also -- because we are a holding company and we service many companies within an industry, our largest single client this year will probably be 3.6% of our revenue. That is down from 4.6% last year. But the overall category that it is in grew, because of other clients that we have in the category.  It is difficult to say with any accuracy and we certainly didn’t prepare the data -- I shouldn’t speak so soon. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, you are still correct. 
John D. Wren: We did not prepare and refine the data for this call. Truthfully, we do not really look at the business -- 
Steven Barlow - Prudential Equity Group: Okay, I was just trying to see if there was a way for us on the outside to look at any trends as we see things out in the press, but thanks for your help. 
John D. Wren: No, I mean, but you know something, here is the important point of that point, is we built a portfolio of Omnicom from both a geographic and a service point of view that a particular event in a particular company or in a sector of a particular industry really should not drive our numbers too much, because we have, we are dependent on every one of our clients and not dependent on any one of our clients, if you could make sense of that. 
Steven Barlow - Prudential Equity Group: I understand. Thank you. 
John D. Wren: And that is intentional and that is strategic, so we suffer with the clients that are suffering and we grow and prosper with the clients that are growing and prospering, but that shifts all the time. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: We are also continuously trying to penetrate our clients further, grabbing more share of wallet. To the extent we are successful, any of that activity really in some way overwhelms just general market conditions. The client may not be increasing their overall spend, but if we can grab a bigger piece of their services, we can be doing quite well on a category.  Obviously it works the other way, too. If we lose a piece of business, even a portion of a client’s business in a category, the category’s performance really gets overwhelmed by that activity. 
Steven Barlow - Prudential Equity Group: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. We do have a question then from the line of Lauren Fine with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Lauren Rich Fine - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, a couple of quick questions. One, just if you could comment on net new business in the fourth quarter and then for the year. Then, given the change that you anticipate in interest expense for the year, historically that is money you would reinvest in the business and maybe not show as much margin expansion. If that is the case, what kind of investments would you anticipate making? 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Net new business activity in the fourth quarter was about $950 million. That makes the year about $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion, so it was a very solid year. Not a lot of big account activity in the fourth quarter. 
John D. Wren: With the exception of we suffered by withdrawing from Wal-mart, I think. That kind of skewed the number down a little bit. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: And as far as, you are absolutely right on your second point. We continue to make investments in our people, in training, development, several new initiatives from a training and development standpoint in the Asian region that are fairly exciting. We obviously continue to make investments on the technology front and in a number of areas. There was a recent interesting article on a technology called pick and click that one of our agencies in Florida has developed and is starting to roll out. Those investments will continue and frankly, the reduction of interest expense in this category or year-in, year-out continuing improvements in the operating efficiency at the agency level gives the company overall the opportunity to invest more money for the long-term. 
John D. Wren: But our objectives, Lauren, this is not a forecast but our objectives are the same, and they have been the same for a long time: not to squander shareholders money on acquisitions that cannot be justified and are not accretive; to really grow our top line and our bottom line; and to always continue to look for those efficiencies in margin improvement.  When you get into -- we have been doing this for 18 months now, two years. When you get into places like China and India, there are not a lot of big acquisitions you can do to put down a footprint. A lot of that is start-up activity that costs you money currently in your P&L.  We continue to look at our portfolio now and what it will yield this year, next year, and the year after when we are making all those decisions. So we are not picking up any one line item and saying “ah". It is an overall mosaic of reaching our objectives that we are after. 
Lauren Rich Fine - Merrill Lynch: One last question: Randy, would we expect share repurchase activity to be as vibrant this year, given that you are looking mostly at smaller acquisitions and the free cash flow generation should still be pretty good and you do not seem inclined or structurally probably could you pay down a lot of your debt at this point? 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think that is right. So far in the first quarter, we have had pretty good share repurchases. I think it will continue throughout the year. The cash flow in the business is very strong right now. As I mentioned, our cash management programs, we have stepped it up another notch, which you can see in some of the year-end results. The underlying cash flow, the operating cash flow of the business remains consistently very strong. I cannot say there that it is an improvement because frankly, it has been the same, which is very, very good for a number of years. 
John D. Wren: I think we focus on a very conservative capital structure, Lauren, at least in this century. We always have, but certainly in the last four or five years. We use our cash in the most sensible fashion that we can come up with, and that includes share repurchases. 
Lauren Rich Fine - Merrill Lynch: One last question, in the specialty area, could you break down the relative importance of the businesses? How big is recruitment relative to healthcare and the other things that are in there? 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Healthcare is the largest piece of it, probably -- I would guess 70%, without having the -- that is sort of an off-the-cuff response. Recruitment advertising is the bulk of the balance of it. There are a couple of other small specialty businesses, but they are not huge on a relative perspective. 
John D. Wren: Recruitment is, the total percentage of our revenue is, what, 2%? So in the aggregate, recruitment is the cyclical part of specialty advertising, is about 2% of our overall revenue, so a decrease or an increase in that really does not have a heck of a lot of impact on Omnicom, if that makes sense to you. 
Lauren Rich Fine - Merrill Lynch: No, it does. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We have a question then from the line of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes, good morning. A few questions; first, on China. John, I remember roughly last spring, you mentioned on your conference call you thought in 18 months, your company would be in a position to be number one over in China. I wonder how you are tracking towards that.  I ask that in light of WPP had a presentation in recent months talking about how they thought they had about $500 million of revenues over in China, including the revenues associated with equity investments. I just wonder how you think you are tracking towards your goal of being number one in China. 
John D. Wren: I never said being number one, although we will be, but I never said that.  We saw a presentation at our Board meeting last evening from Michael Birkin, who is the head of Asia, who did a comparison for our Board as to where we were in China two years ago, where we were ranked number four in terms of revenue, and based upon his source, which was Media Magazine, I think we have moved up to number two over the last 18 months.  If you take on board our associates, the full revenue of our non-consolidated subsidiaries, because in several of the acquisitions that we did over the last year, we made purchases in the 40%, 45% level, with an option to go to majority more or less anytime we wanted to in the future. The reason we did that is so we could bed down and integrate our partners as partners, and as we gained confidence and gained business and gained back those types of clients that we were looking for, we will trigger those options.  So we have made a heck of a lot of progress. We have made more progress in the last two years than we did in the 15 years that preceded it, and there is a lot of activity going on and it is getting a lot of time and attention, especially from me and the senior management group, to make certain that the quality of our groups and therefore what we believe is growth comes out of quality is there.  I think if you were to google the Chinese awards which just recently occurred, there are only two companies you will see who receive awards. They would be WPP companies and/or Omnicom companies. And if you look back two years at those awards, you would not have seen our name at all.  I am very happy with the progress we are making. It could always be faster, but I think that marketplace, especially with the onset of the Olympics and the Shanghai World Expo 2010, I am very bullish given the position that we are going to move forward very, very fast.  Also, in a funny way, and this is the glass half full, because we were late in the marketplace, we do not have a lot of legacy businesses which may be losing favor. We are able to make investments in what is appropriate to that marketplace right now. I think the position we are getting ourselves in not only benefits us currently but it is going to benefit us for quite a number of years to come, because we are not protecting old types of ways of doing things. We are making investment in what is appropriate for the China of today. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Very good, and a question for Randy. In the past, Randy, you have talked about a change of your various clients to more of a monthly retainer-based contract as opposed to being paid on a per project basis, a little more of a smoothing effect for revenues over the course of the year. Are you expecting that further for 2007? I believe you said you think it roughly adds about 1% to growth in the first and third quarters relative to the second and fourth quarter organic revenue growth. Could you just flesh that out, please? Thanks. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: I do not know when the trend is going to work itself out, but I certainly think that has been a trend over the last couple of years. You can see it in the organic growth rates in Q1 and Q3, relative to 2 and 4. We are getting close now that Q2 and Q3 are almost equal in size. Q1 is still a little bit smaller quarter, and Q4 is obviously quite a bit bigger quarter for a variety of reasons.  I think that trend will continue, maybe at a more moderate level in 2007, because eventually it works its way through. 
John D. Wren: I also think you have to keep us in perspective of the industry. If you take the number three player in the industry, our fourth quarter alone is probably about 50% to 55% of their annual revenue, and if you take the fourth largest guy in the industry, I think it is close to 58 -- what we do in the fourth quarter alone is probably equal to 58% of what they do for the entire year.  So it is also the big numbers and we have 5,000 clients, which means we have 5,000 different compensation arrangements. But the trends that Randy is talking about are correct. 
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Thank you, Craig. Given the time, I think we probably have time for one more call, or one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. And that question then comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thanks. I have one to Randy and one for John. For Randy, I remember last year at this time, there were questions about the fourth quarter closing and how one less day affected working capital last year in the fourth quarter. I wonder, was there anything unusual this year in the fourth quarter relative to last year? 
Randall J. Weisenburger: No. We probably did not have that day, so that probably helped some of the working capital movements, but I do not think there was anything else unusual this year. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Except it was not apples-to-apples again. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, whatever negative trend that was there last year was probably not there this year. 
Michael Nathanson - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, and then one for John. You mentioned it with Wal-mart, but in the past couple of months, there have been a lot of headline client reviews or losses. You said Wal-mart, there is Saturn, McDonald’s breakfast. I wonder, should we be concerned that there will be an effect from these reviews or losses? Is there anything different that the agency is doing to combat these potential reviews, or is that just a factor of timing? 
John D. Wren: Well, in the case of Wal-mart, we withdrew from the pitch, and did it for various sound business reasons, which I think two or three years from now, or two years from now, we will have gained more revenue than we surrendered.  There were a lot of morale reasons surrounding -- you know, we are in the creative business and we are in the people business. Once a client, especially if you are the incumbent, has made a decision, even if they subsequently reverse that decision, to select somebody other than you, unless in the second go-round they are going to stay with you, it is unfair and ultimately demotivating to your staff if you ask them to go back and play the in the loser’s bracket, right?  We care as much about our people. We have the three Ps -- it is our people, our product, and then profit is a result of it, so we guard every one of those aspects very carefully.  Saturn was a surprise to everyone, but when you look at Omnicom and the size of Omnicom, these are not impactful to our ability to continue to deliver the numbers. I do not think they are reflective of the trends or an issue. I think we have on average, and I think you have to look at this on average, not in any particular quarter, a very good track record of adjusting to our clients’ needs. Where there is a shift, doing I think a much better than average job of keeping that client within the Omnicom group, even if it is just from one shop to another shop. Every once in a while, everything is not perfect, but it is not impactful to our overall performance. 
Randall J. Weisenburger: Backing up, it was pointed out to me actually this year ended on a weekend as well, so the year-over-year improvement is more attributable to improved working capital management, maybe offsetting the fact that it was a weekend impact, but both years ended on a weekend, so that alone was not the difference.  With that question, it is now almost the bottom of the hour, so we will thank you guys for listening to our call and we will talk to you again shortly. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T’s executive teleconference. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-24 12:15:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities William Bird – Citigroup Steven Barlow with Prudential
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you and welcome to the Omnicom Q3 2006 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator instructions]. At this time, I would like to now introduce you to today's host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, thank you all for taking the time to listen to our Q3 2006 Earnings Call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have also posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we will present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. I have also been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included on page one of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements discussed today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John’s remarks, we will review the financial performance for the quarter and the nine-month period in more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, and thank you call for joining the call with us today. We are exceptionally pleased with the company's performance for the Q3 and for the nine months. Revenue for the quarter continued to be strong across the board. The notable performance was in the major markets namely North America, Europe which was really led by Germany, the UK and France, and in China where our strategic investments beginning to yield pretty incredible results. Randy is going to take you later on through the details but it's worth noting that we are very pleased with performance also across each of our service disciplines. They are all performing well more specifically our pure business are now performing at a level that we have being expecting for quite a while. And this is reflective of both the quality of these firms and the quality of their work. Net new business wins continue to be very strong even with the tough loss during the quarter and we were able to balance it off to achieve our targets. I am bullish on the future in terms of business becoming available on a global basis. Operationally, our strategic goals and objectives are moving along nicely and they continue to yield very positive results. From an operating margin point of view, which Randy will cover in a minute, we continue to make significant progress while meeting our increasing investment objectives. These objectives include, and I have said this before quite often expanding our training and development for our staff and in market related investments such as China and in India we have made selective acquisitions during the quarter, we continue to look at opportunities in those regions and that’s a focus were for now and for I think the foreseeable future. I will now ask Randy to take you through our results in a lot more detail. Thanks Randy.
Randall Weisenburger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As John noted we are very pleased with the strong performance of our agencies. Revenue growth in Q3 increased $251 million to $2.77 billion that was an increase of 10%. For the nine months revenue increased 8.2% to $8.16 billion. Operating income for the quarter was $307.4 million, up 12% that’s an operating margin with about 11.1%, which was up about 20 basis points from last year.  For the nine months operating income increased 10.5% to just over $1 billion and the operating margin was 12.4%, which was up about 30 basis points from last year. There are a couple of anomalies in our numbers this quarter worth noting that impact operating income, taxes, and net income, I will try to cover all three of those topics now. First, during the quarter we disposed off the US based healthcare business and several small businesses. With respect to the healthcare business, after deducting goodwill to transaction resulted in a small pre-tax loss. However, for tax purposes the pre-tax gain cannot be reduced by the goodwill amount, because the goodwill deducted for book purposes could not be deducted on the tax return, we will require to record tax expense for book purposes, resulting in the high book tax rate for this transaction.  The second event in the quarter was the favorable resolution of uncertainties related to changes in certain foreign tax laws that occurred last year. As a result in the quarter there was a one time true up tax benefit. In the aggregate, the impact of these items in the quarter was a decrease in profit before tax of a half a million dollars, and a decrease in tax expense or a tax benefit of $1.8 million resulting in an increase in net income of $1.3 million. Adjusting for these items our year over year operating income in the quarter increased 12.2% and our operating margin increased from 10.9% to 11.1% or about 20 basis points. Moving down to P&L, net interest expense for the quarter was $26.7 million that was an increase of $10.4 million versus Q3 last year. And for the nine months net interest was $67.4 million up $24.7 million compared to last year. The year over year increase is due to primarily to our issuance of a ten-year fixed rate note at the end of Q1, if you recall that was a billion dollar issue with an annual interest rate of about 6.1% or about $15 million a quarter. This increase in interest was somewhat offset by reduction in other debt as we used some of the proceeds of that financing to pay down our outstanding bank loan, and part of it converts. On the tax front, our reported tax rate was 33.1% after adjusting for the unique items that I mentioned earlier. Our operating tax rate for the quarter and for the nine months were pretty much unchanged at 33.7%. Net income for the quarter increased 9.5% to $177.1 million brining the year to date net income to $586.8 million that was an increase of 9.1%. Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter increased 15.6% to a $4 per share again adjusted for the net impact of the unique items I mentioned, EPS was a $3 or about 14.4% increase. For the nine months diluted earnings per share increased 14.6% to $3.38 per share. Analyzing our revenue performance FX was positive 1.9% or $47.9 million in the quarter. However, year-to-date it remains marginally negative at 0.002% or about $13.4 million. If you recall in Q1 FX was negative of about 2%, in Q2 it was neutral and now in Q3 it’s a positive 1.9%. If rates stay where they are FX should be positive about 1.5% in Q4. Acquisition growth net of dispositions was marginally negative in the quarter reducing revenue by $4.4 million or about one tenth of 1%. This decrease is primarily the result of the disposition of the previously mentioned healthcare business. For the year however, acquisitions have added about $29.2 million or four-tenths of point of our revenue. And organic growth again was very strong this quarter accelerating to 8.2% and accounting for about $207.9 million of our revenue growth. For the nine months organic growth was increased to 8% adding about $603.2 millions to our revenue. As for our mix of business in the quarter, traditional media advertising accounted for 41.4% of our revenue and marketing services 58.6%, for the first nine months the ratios were 42.6 and 57.4 for marketing services. As for their respective growth rates advertising grew 6.5% in the quarter and 5.8% year-to-date and marketing services which has been driven by the continuing strong performance of our CRM business and now resurgence in the PR sector grew 12.6% in the quarter, bringing the nine-month growth rate up to 10.1. Breaking down our marketing services revenue for the quarter CRM was approximately 36.9%, PR 10.5% and specialty communications 11.2%, as for their respective total growth rates CRM accelerated to 16.7% in the quarter, public relations as I mentioned picked up significantly growing 13.1% and specialty communications which would adversely impacted by the healthcare business disposition we discussed increased four tenth of 1%. Adjusting for the sale that I mentioned specialty communications would have grown about 7%. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 55.5% US, 45.5% international. In the US total revenue growth for the quarter was $111.9 million or 7.8%. Acquisitions were effectively neutral; I think they ended up with the net negative $100,000 in the quarter. Organic growth remains strong and steady at about 7.8%, adding about $112 million for revenue. The international front revenue increased by $139.5 million or 12.7%, acquisition growth was a net negative $4.3 million, FX had a positive impact of $47.9 million and organic growth due to largely the strong performances in the UK, Germany, France and China with $95.5 million or about 8.8%. Cash flow in the quarter and year-to-date has been very strong and our cash management programs have continued to perform very well. As we believe everyone already knows our primary source of cash flow is net income, adjusted for basic non-cash charges which for us are primarily stock based compensation charges and they relate to tax benefits as well as depreciation and amortization. As for our primary uses of cash, there are four dividends, which are currently running at $0.25 per share per quarter have totaled $133.1 million year-to-date. Capital expenditures totaled approximately $119.5 million. Acquisitions, net of dispositions and asset sales, including earned out payments on prior acquisitions have totaled approximately $178 million. And share repurchases which in the quarter totaled $123.5 million bringing our year-to-date total to about $1.1 billion. We also received $167 million of proceeds from option exercises and stock sold under our employee stock purchase plan resulting in net repurchases year-to-date of $916 million. As a result of our net repurchase activity year-to-date, our diluted share cap for the quarter was about 170.9 million shares and for the nine months 173.8 million. As a result of the strong cash management performance this year we finished the quarter with a net debt position of approximately $2.2 billion that’s roughly flat year-over-year. And we had available liquidity of about $3.3 billion. Now I’ll ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Good morning, couple of quick questions. First you had mentioned China as having yielded incredible results, I wonder if you could maybe quantify that a little bit more of course in terms of size and growth rate and maybe any other anecdotes you might be willing to share.
John Wren - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, as we have said in the past, China and India are great geographic opportunities for us. Total revenue growth in China was…about $10 million in the quarter and so as organic growth and then we you know -- that’s without the acquisitions that we made. And our ventures that we you know, recently signed with in the last quarter, that’s starting to take effect now, it didn’t contribute really anything yet but it shall. And we have been winning business and I think the whole perception of Omnicom as a group has improved significantly. So we are very bullish about that. Also during the quarter we hired a very significant executive, he is the Non-Executive Chairman of India and India has become a focus for us as well and we expect great things. So we know that we have a lot of room to grow and we know that we have a lot of work to do but we have been investing for now almost two years in the teams and they are yielding results.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: In terms of the nature of the wins in those markets, are they principally domestic companies or are they international marketers that you have a good relation with or combination?
John Wren: It’s a combination you know, the focus if I had to prioritize it is first servicing our international clients and getting back some of the opportunities where we have pre-existing relationships and expanding those. Next thing that we are focusing on is significant Chinese companies that will become exporters or they are currently exporters because we think that we can service them not only in China but service them in other places around the world and the third part which has not really kicked in but eventually will be local Chinese domestic companies that has been you know, those are the kind of the priorities of our focus and we are executing. We have the right people in place at this point and we’re doing all the things that we’ve traditionally done in other markets to make ourselves successful.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: And then if I could secondarily, how was your visibility the quarter in terms of the spending of your clients? Has it changed basically over the last couple of quarters, and is there any discernable trends, do you have visibility on trends, thanks?
John Wren: We have 5,000 clients so our visibility really hasn’t changed one way or the other from anytime in the past, a lot of it comes down to market share gains and performance, our clients are in fact focusing on their brands so I don’t see any shift in the normal process of how our people become aware of what the clients are spending and not spending. 
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Okay thank you.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks and we have a question now from the line of Lauren Fine with Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Great thank you, looks like a really strong quarter I guess just a couple of small questions on the business. Could you actually quantify what the net of your business was in the quarter and I presume the loss you’re referring to is J.C. Penney, if you could highlight some of the wins and then I’ll go to my follow up when you answer that.
John Wren: We’ll refer when you does that. I don’t believe we -- irrespective of the headlines lost all of J.C. Penney. We still do quite a bit of work for them since we lost the creative services for that account but it won’t have any impact on our financial results in this current year. Randy if you want to?
Randall Weisenburger: Net new business win in the quarter was just under $1 billion and J.C. Penney was I’ll say the big negative, safe way was you know the big positive not quite as big you know, not as big as J.C. Penney.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Okay and then what were the number of shares actually reported for this quarter and year-to-date?
John Wren: That one is going to take time.
Randall Weisenburger: We are searching Lauren --
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: you can come back to that I guess you know the last question I have is, I guess I have been surprised that the acquisition activity has been you know, relatively modest maybe more from a dollar point of view not strategically. I’m curious what the pipeline looks like and if you would expect any pickup in activity?
John Wren: The pipeline is strong; I think my focus has been really Asia. Other people are focused on you know, other markets around the world. We buy things when they fit and when they make sense and in some cases we have been updated by equity invest you know, just non strategic investors, little void companies by dimension we would all have to do something with those purchases so the activities there we are just very disciplined about what we do, and the primary focus has been you know, organic growth. Randy might have more detailed information because --quite a bit more of what the opportunities are that we don’t do.
Randall Weisenburger: I think the acquisition pipeline is actually you know, fairly fool, we certainly have a number of potential transactions that we're always in the process of reviewing. I think the results have gotten a little bit skewed and when we completed four acquisitions in the quarter I think we have done 11 or 12 or 10 or 12 or something year-to-date you know, so the track is not bad. We have also you know, go through a process of making sure that everything in our portfolio is what we wanted to be. We mentioned this quarter the sales of healthcare business that healthcare business had fairly substantial revenues although you know, less than spectacular earnings. So it tends to skew a little bit the net acquisition results you know, maybe disproportionately. As far as share activity in the quarter, we purchased 1.392 million shares and that brings the year-to-date gross repurchases to about $12.3 million.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
John Wren: And we -- on those acquisitions, I mean --
Randall Weisenburger: Net growth, obviously we issue shares under our employee stock purchase plan, under option exercises as well.
John Wren: You know, the acquisition are their, the pipeline also takes a little longer now because we want to make sure that potential targets are SarbOx compliant or can be integrated and made SarbOx compliant, that’s a process we have been going through for a year. So, it takes a bit longer to actually execute on some of those than it maybe did in the past, but its all matter of focus and we are only doing things. We have never strayed from our internal disciplines about this, we figure the market place over the long haul comes to us and our focus has been new areas and our focus has been as I said Asia, where we have strong work to do but it’s truly a glass half full because we now know we can really add to our organic growth and our acquisition growth in those markets.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank. We have a question now from the line of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers, please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Good morning thank you. My first two questions what were the shares at the end of the quarter and also what was the growth rate of revenues in China, the percentage change there couple of thoughts, thank you..
John Wren: See, I don’t have the answer to give you one off the top of my head.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay, we would be doing offline later perhaps --
John Wren: Yeah, I am sorry.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: And then also I guess -- I would be curious what your thoughts are on just 2007 advertising, your expectations overall in the US, in the entire market. What is your sense from talking to your 5,000 or so clients, and obviously roughly are here in the US. What your sense is on advertising trends going to 2007, what should investors sort of expect from that front? Thank you.
John Wren: Without being client specific, generally if you follow the cycle and I think some of our competitors have spoken more fully about this, generally you know, when you get into the third year of presidential cycle, performance is generally very good and also when you get in 2008, because the Olympics and people getting ready for the Olympics ahead it and just the general cycle is normally strong. We haven’t done our plans, they are just actually been prepared now at the company level. And we won’t see those actually until late November, December. In terms of what client’s expenditures are going to be. So the cycle says, we should be good you know, I mean that thing should be strong you know, in putting side geopolitical concerns, we have no reason to believe that this cycle is going to be different than any other. I don’t know how helpful that is but people have to market and they have to get out and promote their brands no matter what the medium they choose to do it --
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: And there is a thought that you generally still paid your organic revenue growth in various markets in roughly two percentage point above local normal GDP, that first statement.
John Wren: I leave that to Randy.
Randall Weisenburger: You know, we think on a long-term basis we ought to be you know, 200 to 300 basis points ahead of say nominal GDP. I think we are probably tracking that and that’s probably more of a global statement rather than specifics by market. Obviously clients and generally we believe that clients will increase their marketing spend along with their revenues. We went off of that from consolidation from larger clients that you know, performing better, we also pick up more of their overall spend as they shift their spending maybe from traditional advertising towards other forms of marketing. All of those things help us you know, leverage that number a bit. But clients do share spending you know, from one country to another country depending upon what they are trying to accomplish you know, at a point of times, they are trying to look at individual markets is sometimes you know, misleading if you are trying to find and tune it.
John Wren: You know on a granule basis my attitude, which is, we don’t own 100% market share and anyone of our subsidiaries anywhere. So there is always room for expansion in that area.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks and we have a question now from the line of Jason Helfstein with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thank you, maybe talk about your digital capability, so on a scale from one to 10 and I’ll try to keep this open and answer how you want, so on a scale from one to 10 if you are thinking about your domestic capabilities on the digital side, how would you rate where you are and what would it take to get to attain, and what do you think the upside would be if you got to attain overtime, thanks?
John Wren: Well, without being cued if we ever get to attain you won’t need me, so kind of a moving target. I know that each one of our traditional businesses as now has an integrated strategy which they are deploying, which includes the use of digital as well as other traditional medias, and I know in some of our stand-alone businesses, ones which are more specialty and dedicated to primarily digital that in quite a number of cases we are turning pitches because we’re stepping up. And so I think and I’ve said this for the last 10 years. Ten years ago or eight years ago I’ve said in 10 years everything will be digital, I might be off for a couple of years but I’m not off in the concept, everything has a digital component to it at this point, every campaign that creative people, the people working in our company which tends to be very young are there is -- you know, unlike five years ago when you had a bunch of odd people like me to use technology as a tool, but the average population, the age population both the foreign and within our employees are younger folks who -- this is just an integrated part of the way that they enjoy media and there is a lot of self selection going on which is a sweet spot for us because marketplace becomes a little bit more fragmented and the marketplace becomes a little bit more complex. And so that’s why I think you’ll see overtime a shift in our overall revenue to more targeted you know, branch of our portfolio. So it’s all upside as a service provider -- media it’s all upside.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: So you don’t want to rate yourselves right now?
John Wren: Well you know, ratings are all relative; I think we list the competitors both in the breadth and depth of what we have on the digital front. The digital market is changing at a very rapid pace you know advancing, people are figuring out new ways of using digital communications, new methods to the market. We have to continue to push forward which I think John pointed out, everyone of our agency is doing that and they are working with the specific, you know, trying to serve the specific needs of their clients while keeping pace with changing technology and developing their own capabilities and understanding. We need to obviously continue to stay ahead of the competition and to continue to expand. So on a -- you know, relative to the market perspective we are in very good shape, relative to where we want to be. We are obviously going to continue to improve.
Randall Weisenburger: You know and by the time you know and this is a serious comment, I think by the time that we could actually sit down or even focus on it you know, in that kind of a scale. It will be so fully and totally integrated that at that time we’ll be referring to our business as opposed to distinguishing it in any other way. So it’s a journey that we are well-positioned forward, we are always looking to acquisitions kind of we are looking at currently capabilities, we are looking at currently -- and it also changes market by market. If you go to Korea or you go to China you know the use of mobile marketing factoring and other things is I think advanced beyond what it is here in the United States. So there is a moment here where if you look at our business in some of the traditional terms that it’s referred to and you went back 10 years, most innovation, most things came out of either the United States so parts of Western Europe. Now, today, it can come from anywhere in the world and especially emerging technologies which kind of are leapfrogging because they are not affecting old industries. So it’s a pretty exciting place and it’s a very dynamic environment.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Okay, just one quick follow up on that, so ultimately they will find budgets really aren’t expanding to accommodate digital. Do you think the money is coming more from the money they would spend coming up with let’s say creative and campaigns on the traditional side or it’s money that they would have spend buying media on the traditional side?
Randall Weisenburger: Well its not.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Or a little of both.
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah, you know I haven’t analyzed in that term, creative becomes more important was creative with a different, and times it just sounds like it is a (inaudible) just came you know, and being able to innovate and to change. Though what happened is the pace had changed, the pace and their needs of creative has increased because people’s attention spans have changed in a way that they digest media. You -- it’s very rare now to just make a commercial for TV. That almost doesn’t exist. The campaign is fully integrated looks at digital uses and the campaigns for significant brands are always being tested and evolving. And it’s a lot easier and quite frankly cheaper for the client to venture into some of these other medias and it will even get cheaper overtime I think as the more established companies are out there, have to compete with each other. So, you know, I’d rather be in my business than some old fixed media unless you know, because the growth rate should be greater because the challenge is greater to reach the audiences. But I -- you know I haven’t sat down and try to predict anybody else’s industry and as I said we are agnostic, we don’t care if we're on YouTube or we are in NBC or CBS I mean that’s -- we want to reach the consumers to find and search that we need to reach.
John Wren: I think the innovation is where the lines blur and it takes -- you can go campaign by campaign with examples. The new Nissan Sentra work that’s’ being done by TBWA I think is a good example. You can certainly see the TV work, there is I think prep work attached, you can follow the campaign on the Internet -- you know, everything is coming up with multiple executions behind each idea.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, and you know, and if you read or look at some of the trade magazines, I mean good to be service team which is always been famous for doing very effective regular TV, print, that type of advertising has named digital agency as the year this past week. So that’s also a demonstration of just how we have evolved.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thanks, and we have a question now from the line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you, I have couple of question. First, it looks like the gross in UK was very strong in the quarter despite a generally lackluster economic backdrop, should we assume that the -- it was mostly share games or the advertising environment they are getting a bit better. And then my second question is just a general question, the new business outlook. As you take a look at the competitive environment right now and it maybe your current customer base and potential client conflicts, do you still feel you have lot of opportunity ahead to pull the new business from either existing clients or new clients going forward?
Randall Weisenburger: Well, the second part first; I think the new business opportunities are endless both geographically and even domestically. And that’s a quality question and I’m very, very comfortable with quality of our assets and the quality of our portfolio. And you have seen this over -- course over last year when we find something that isn’t hitting our standards, we are very open to divesting ourselves on it either because we have looked out and we have said, return today for selling if somebody is very interested in this space exceeds what we think value of that asset might be two or three years down the road. So, we have done some trimming and we’ll continue to. New business opportunities I think exists everywhere and your first question in UK, I think it -- correctly, I think it’s coming not only from traditional advertising, it’s coming from a lot of the other portfolio assets that we have which are dedicated to CRM and some of these other areas, that’s where I think the advertise is doing well, but you have the numbers.
John Wren: Yeah, I think it’s both. UK organic growth was very strong, I think an awful of it is the execution of our agencies in that market but some of that seems like it must be resurgence in the economy a little bit. We have been talking about that for a couple of quarters now where our organic growth has accelerated a bit you know. We first started seeing pickup in the UK, this quarter we have had it in the UK, Germany, and France. And it’s been that way now for a couple of quarters.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: And do you find that the -- with the good organic growth in Germany and France as well, do you find that the ad markets there might just be getting a bit more stable and a bit healthier in general as well as the marketing markets or the ad markets?
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: I guess, marketing in the full picture.
Randall Weisenburger: I think in the full picture we’re seeing first the markets firmed up and now we are growth, I wouldn’t to per se in terms of you know, which traditionally referred to is advertising even though continue to gain market share I think in those places.
John Wren: It seems to me and again I’m not trying to be the economist, that the economies they are stabilizing, it looks like the performance of our business penetrating the accounts new business activities, etc. is certainly helping us on the organic growth front. I don’t believe the economies are doing as well as our organic growth.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: So there is no reason which is sort of similar levels of growth in Q4 I mean there is nothing that is expected to change the trends?
Randall Weisenburger: No, we don’t you know, we try not to provide that kind of a forecast. We think our business is very strong and healthy right now. You know domestically we talk about the pickup that’s been going on for now a few quarters in those markets you know and very strong growth although of a relatively small basis in China and India.
John Wren: But just -- and this is not to be negative at all but it doesn’t take much revenue movement in the quarter to move some of the percentages that we refer to and then are referred to about us, but the health of the business I believe is absolutely there and I think we are well-positioned versus the people we compete with on a regular basis.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Thanks, and we have a question now from the line of Paul Ginocchio with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks, couple of things for Wren. One, high revenues in Q4 end, do you know what it’s going to look like based on the deals you have done? And second on CRM, could you give us some color into why it was so strong in Q3, and finally do the changes in rules around UK, transferred employees, did that cause you any problems as grow that business or do business there? Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: I don’t think that’s from past, does it?
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: I don’t think so, I guess what would happen if it was.
Randall Weisenburger: God knows, I mean some of the things that I read on that subject are beyond my belief, for instance, you have to not only save the employees but if one of those employees sexually harassed somebody else you would have to take that responsibility as well as is currently been drafted. I can’t imagine that, that kind of protective isn’t or actually go into plays but who knows you know --
John Wren: We'll deal with it like everyone else.
Randall Weisenburger: Right, deal with, right.
John Wren: You know, we have a pretty good track record of been able to work with local country rules and adjust and everyone’s business you know, we’ll obviously have to adjust to it. It will certainly be a bit of a change and you know it will probably change hiring and staffing practices and other things and maybe even assign the practices, there is something in those rules that says a person have to be predominately assign to an accountant then they transfer it if they are not predominately assigned to look how, I’m not sure there’s rules attached so I don’t --.
RandallWeisenburger: Right, the one big part about it is if they go through as us, look at them in a rolling glass that I am being one of the market leaders is probably a really good place to be if those rules don’t plays because it will -- it should slow down new business activity in that market. So I’d rather be at the top of the list with those rules in place than anywhere lower on the list. So I can always make lemonade out of lemons and in this case if that goes through we will.
John Wren: We’ll probably jump around your questions, I remember the CRM question. CRM has been very strong across the board, that’s obviously one of our sweet spots. It’s a place where we have very significant share, we have I believe the leading companies you know, in most major markets and it’s the place where you know we focus for a number of years on trying to further expand our relationships with clients. You know, and that traction has been there for quite awhile. I don’t recall your first question, I apologize.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, it was just about based on the acquisitions you have already completed, what the revenues will look like in the Q4?
John Wren: I think right now it’s basically flat. Let me check, one second.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: And would you expect CRM to continue -- I mean the 16% it grew in the quarter 17%, it seems even higher relative to historic patterns, was there anything in there in particular of just strong growth?
John Wren: I think it was basically just strong growth are -- you know some of the acquisition activity was in that category, those and the total growth numbers that we are giving you.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Right.
John Wren: But obviously, you know the -- and the acquisition activity in that category was a little bit stronger because we had the negative of acquisition, the big negative of acquisition was in especially communications. The positive of acquisition activity was probably at least half of that in the CRM space. Looking at the -- I think based on acquisitions today; acquisition growth would be about two-tenth of a point in Q4 if we didn’t complete anything else.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks very much.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and we do have a question then from the line of William Bird with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
William Bird - Citigroup: Yeah gentleman, are you concerned at all about the potential for slowing growth given the moderate net new business in the quarter is just the lapping of some big year-ago count win, thanks.
John Wren: No, I don’t mean to be kid by that but we are invited to new business pitches. And we can always -- if we are not, we can create them. So it’s a belief that when we get up to the play we bat very well, but you know we can’t predict quarter-by-quarter, what the opportunity is going to be. I can tell you that I spent a good part of my time with existing clients and what their growth is and with potential clients that haven’t necessarily made any shift or formal announcements about making any shifts. And blue chip, real blue chip you know Fortune 50, Fortune 100 companies typically take their time and go through a lot of deliberations before they actually -- and do a lot of diligence before they put an account or an assignment in to review. Especially when you look at how the market place is consolidated and the number of possible competitors there are today versus you know, years back. So I don’t see quarter to quarter analysis for that being very important. But I do see you know, annual trends being important and there is a lot of conversations which are non-public which are going on right now.
Randall Weisenburger: There is a couple of other trends worth noting and that we have done a little bit over $3.3 billion I think year-to-date and that new business wins. That really tells us that the net new business engine is performing very well. Last year obviously in Q3 we had you know, a tough comp but when you look it year over year you can look at sort of three large accounts you know, be it of any lows and this year J.C. Penny you know, that kind of swings the each quarter there is hundreds of net new business wins that’s really be engine doing its job and while those big wins are exciting then we see lots of press, it’s really the breadth and depth of those smaller wins that continues to drive a consistency in our business. And shows the strong health of those agencies on a global basis and I think that is very strong, just as strong it was you know, last year maybe even improving.
John Wren: But we would like the headlines to.
William Bird - Citigroup: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, then we have a question then from the line of Steven Barlow with Prudential. Please go ahead.
John Wren: Given where we are at, we probably have this to be our last question.
Steven Barlow with Prudential: Okay, Randy, on dividends and share repurchases, dividends you kept at the rate the same last four quarters it took you seven quarters, as the previous rate -- is it time to raise the dividend to share repurchase is only about 125 million or so, you have got obviously very strong balance sheet, because your authorization left to go on that and thoughts and then lastly big account out there is Wal-Mart, are your fearful that one of the competitor in particular is going to low ball the price in order to make good headlines.
John Wren: Let me do with one or two of those questions and to Randy. The dividend is really a board matter and it is discussed periodically with the board. And you know, we are committed to periodically raising the dividend where as the board is committed to periodically-- we and the board are committed to periodically raising the dividend and I am sure that will be a topic over the next six months. In terms of Wal-Mart we are in a competitive bid and we have -- love Wal-Mart and GSD&M which is the agency on Wal-Mart, has been with them since the beginning. We are hopeful that we will be successful in defending the account. Some of the headline numbers that have been reported really are you know, where I have seen that its $570 million. That has a lot to do with a non Omnicom company, called Bernstein, which has been their media company for the last -- since Sam Walton started the company. So our exposure of Wal-Mart is more emotional than financial, but we continue to do everything that we possibly can to talk to them to make sure that they believe that it’s always hard when you are the incumbent to be successful. So, but the headline numbers that you see is really not Omnicom’s part of that. All we do there is creative services and some promotional work which is not in review which I have every reason to believe we will continue.
Randall Weisenburger: You asked about share repurchases as well. We bought $124 million roughly in stock in the last quarter. We bought a lot in year-to-date, we talked about that when we did the fixed rate note that was going to be an acceleration of stock repurchases. Yeah, I don’t believe we’re -- I mean its really important matter, but I don’t believe we are looking to increase the leverage on the company and the -- on a significant basis on a long -- certainly on some long-term basis obviously, quarter to quarter rate you know keeping up or down a little bit and basically as we said in the past, we take our free cash flow which is quite substantial you know we pay a dividend. We have some CapEx, we would prefer to do acquisitions as long as they are done on the basis that we want to do acquisition and the acquisitions are strategic and then with the balance of the cash we are looking to share repurchases. You know I would think that given the acquisition outlook that the share repurchases you know, for the near foreseeable future would be in line with you know what we’ve done in the past, absent that one time sort of accelerated stock repurchase.
John Wren: Right and I think if you look back to our comments when we changed the capital structure and put in the long-term debt back earlier in the year. All our behavior has been 100% consistent with that -- is very flexible what Randy has said.
Steven Barlow - Prudential: Thanks very much.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you and thank you all for taking your time for our earnings call, we will talk again in the New Year, bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you and ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T’s Executive Teleconference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-25 13:15:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Wren, President Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns William Bird - Citigroup Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers Debra Schwartz - Credit Suisse Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities Operator Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Omnicom Q2 2006 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator instructions]. At this time, I would now like to introduce you to today's conference call host, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom Group, Mr. Randall Weisenburger. Please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our Q2 2006 Earnings Call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have also posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we will present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we get started, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included on page one of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements discussed today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John’s remarks, we will review our financial performance for the quarter and the six-month period in more detail and then both John and I will be happy to take questions at the end.
John Wren - President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, thanks for joining the call. We are very pleased with the company's performance for the second quarter and for the six months. Revenue for the quarter continued to be strong across the board, in the US, North America, South America, Europe, Africa, and Asia. The only two major markets now reporting year-over-year growth for the quarter were Spain, which was up against tough comps from 2005 and anticipated client spending was delayed I think to the second half, it will be fine for the year, and in Japan where growth was down due to a specific client issue and the restructuring of our TBWA business. Our strategy in general is moving along faster than we expected. Specifically during the quarter, we were able to improve our positions in both China and India with the announcement of DDB’s relationship with CITIC, and in India, we have made some acquisitions, but we expect to announce new leadership for the group in early September. New business, which is always impossible to predict but is the focus of each one of our companies continues to be very strong and we expect this trend to continue into the second half of this year. From an operating margin point of view, which Randy will cover, we continue to make progress in line with our objectives, continuing to control our cost and we are also continuing to increase on our investment in the training and development of our staff. Randy will take you through numbers as is our custom, in more detail, and then as he suggested we will answer your questions. Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: Thanks John. As John noted, we are very pleased with performance of our agencies both from a financial perspective and the success that they have had in gaining market share. Revenue in the second quarter increased $208 million to $2.82 billion, that was an increase of 7.9%. As a result, revenue for the first six months increased 7.3% to $5.39 billion. Operating income for the quarter was $417.4 million, up 9.3%, that’s an operating margin of about 14.8%, which was about a 20 basis point increase from last year. For the six months, operating income increased 9.8% to $701.9 million, and the operating margin was 13%, that that was up about 30 basis points from last year. The primary drivers of our margin improvement in the quarter was a continued improvement in the utilization of our facilities, which includes both real estate and equipment as well as improved performance in our general and administrative cost controls. There are two anomalies in the six months year-over-year comparisons that we would like to remind you of. The first as you may recall in Q1 of 2005, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $6.9 million primarily related to the sale of a business in Australia and New Zealand, and this year also in the first quarter, with the adoption of 123-R we will require to record a cumulative pre-tax adjustment of $3.6 million to provide for an estimate of forfeitures of all unvested employees stock based compensation awards as of January 1st 2006. Since we had already been expensing stock options for the past several years, this adjustment was fairly insignificant. Adjusting for both of these items, our year over year operating income increased 10.4% and our operating margin increased from 12.6% to 13% or about 40 basis points. Net interest expense for the quarter was $25.5 million that was an increase of $11.2 million versus Q2 of last year and for the six months net interest was 40.7 million, that’s up $14.3 million compared to last year. The primary driver of the year over year increase in net interest expense was our issuance of a billion dollar ten-year fixed rate note at the end of Q1. The notes bear a coupon of 5.9% per annum will have an all-in-cost including the amortization of issuance cost of approximately 6.1% per annum. In Q2 the increased interest expense from the notes was approximately $15.1 million. The increase in interest expense in the quarter was somewhat offset by interest income earned by increased cash balances which resulted from a combination of the proceeds from the notes and improved working capital management in the quarter. As we said at the time of the issuance, we anticipate using the proceeds to refinance portions of our various convertible bonds. In the interim, we used about half of the proceeds to accelerate the planned repurchase of shares from the back half of 2006 to the beginning of Q2. Since the issuance of the notes, approximately $132 million of our 2,033 convertible bond issue was put back to the company and retired at the end of Q2. On the tax front, our tax rate for the quarter was 33.6%. This was a year over year decrease of about 20 basis points. For the six-month period the rate also decreased from the prior year, absent the impact of the Q1 2006 123-R adjustment and the tax charge associated with the business we sold in Q1 2005, our year-to-date tax rate would have been 33.6% this year versus 33.7% last year. Net income for the quarter increased 8.1% to $244.1 million bringing the six months year-to-date net income to $409.7 million, that was an increase of 8.9% over the six month period ended June 30, 2005. Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter increase 14.5% to $1.42 and for the six months, diluted earnings per share increased 14.1% to $2.34 per share. Analyzing our revenue growth, organic growth continued to be very strong in the quarter coming down at 7.2% and accounting for $187.3 million of our revenue growth. For the six months, organic growth accounted for $395.1 million or 7.9% of our overall revenue growth. Due to some significant movements in currency rates over the course of Q2 FX ended up slightly positive adding $3.8 million to our revenue in the quarter or about 1/10th of 1%. However FX was still quite negative for the six months reducing our revenue by approximately $61.4 million or 1.2%. FX in the quarter was a bit unusual and the effect was split by market. For example, the European markets and the UK were marginally negative while Canada and Latin America were significantly positive. If FX remained at their current level for the balance of the quarter the FX impact on our revenue in Q3 would be positive in about the 1% range. However, FX rates are currently quite volatile so these numbers are likely to change several times between now and quarter end. Acquisition revenue was positive in the quarter adding $16.5 million to our revenue or about 6/10th of 1%, bringing the year-to-date total to $33.8 million. One thing to note, in the beginning of Q3, we completed the divestiture of a non-strategic health care business we had called Cyrex, the business had revenue over the last 12 months of about $70 million. As a result of the divestiture and based on the acquisitions we have closed to date, acquisition revenue in Q3 would be marginally negative. However, we do expect to close several more acquisitions in the normal course which is likely to result in acquisition revenue being at least marginally positive in Q3 and Q4. For example, yesterday we announced that we had signed an agreement to acquire a leading field marketing business in India which we anticipate will close within the next several days. As for our mix of business in the quarter, traditional media advertising accounted for 43.2% of our revenue and marketing and services 56.8%, as for the respective growth rates, traditional media advertising grew 5.7% in the quarter and 5.5% for the six months, and marketing and services which was driven by the continuing strong performance of our CRM and healthcare businesses and the improving performance of our PR businesses grew 9.7% in the quarter bringing the six months growth rate up to 8.8%.  Breaking down marketing and services revenue for the quarter, CRM was approximately 34.7% of our revenue, PR 10.2%, and Specialty Communications 11.9%. As for their respective total growth rate, CRM continued to be very strong at 9.6% in the quarter and 9.8% for the six months. PR performed well, improving to 8.9% growth in the quarter and bringing the six-month growth rate up to 5.2%, and Specialty Communications increased 10.8% in the quarter bringing the six month rate up to 8.9%.  Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 54.4% US and 45.6% international. In the United States total revenue growth for the quarter was $107.7 million or 7.5%. Acquisition growth totaled $16.6 million, and organic growth totaled $91.1 million. International revenue increased $99.9 million or 8.4%, our acquisition growth was marginally negative, I think it was about $100,000 or so. Organic growth due to continued strong performance in Latin America combined with very good performance in the UK, Germany, and France was $96.2 million, and FX as I mentioned had a positive impact of $3.8 million. Our cash performance in the quarter was also very strong, in addition to our normal operating cash sources, this quarter our working capital performance was also quite strong, however to be consistent, our working capital is generally a source of free cash while as we grow due to large swings in these number day-to-day and period-to-period. We believe analyzing our cash flow excluding changes in working capital is most appropriate. As for our primary use of cash, there are four CapEx which is generally limited to furniture and fixtures, leasehold improvements, PCs and servers totaled $73 million for the six months. Dividend payments which are currently running at $0.25 per share per quarter totaled $89.8 million for the six months. Acquisitions including earnout payments on prior acquisitions totaled $138.5 million. And share repurchases which in the quarter we repurchased about 6.6 million shares for a total of $600 million, year-to-date repurchases to about 10.9 million shares for a total of $958.6 million. We also received $153.5 million of proceeds from auction exercises and stocks sold under employee stock purchase plan bringing in net repurchase amount for the six month period to $805 million. And finally as results of our repurchase activity we continued to reduce our weighted average diluted share cap which for the quarter was approximately 172 million shares. I think we also finished the quarter at about 172 million shares. Now with that we’ll now turn over the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator instructions]. Our question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns, please go ahead.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Hi, good morning and thank you. I have a couple of questions. First I guess one for John, any sense of your -- with the clients you’re beginning to talk with about the second half of the year, any sense of their becoming more conservative in their outlook maybe about their advertising spending plans in light of potential slowing of the economy. And then the second question, on the nice bounce back we saw in the public relations business in the quarter, do you think do you think that’s sustainable, do you know what drove that bounce back in the quarter? Thank you.
John D. Wren: The clients have all been conservative I think, for the last several years. I don’t foresee based upon my conversations to date, people changing their plans at all because revenue growth is the focus of most of the blue-chip companies that I have conversations with. So I’m always cautious, we are always cautious in the way that -- that we approach the market but between market share gains and growth from existing clients we don’t see any trends which are terribly alarming. The people that are struggling the most probably are the US car makers, and our largest client -- we were operating under a multiyear contract which I think extends to the end of 2008 -- 2009, so that revenue is fairly predictable from our perspective -- al lot of work to do obviously, but a steady state of affairs for us. The second question -- public relations, it seems to be solid growth across the board. We have no reason to believe -- we haven’t see a slowdown as of the end of July but we are in the process of gathering second half forecast from our company, so we are not in the position to be predictive -- specific to your question.
Randall Weisenburger: We had said on earlier calls that we actually thought that our business was doing better than what the numbers were indicating, you know, based on our conversations with the business leaders. You know, even in Q2 we thought the business was doing better than what the obviously numbers were, and we expected to see some of that come through in later quarters which so far in Q2 it did, but I think the performance in the quarter was more along the lines of what we had expected.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: And Randy you had -- that the new business trend seemed healthy, we don’t see a lot of it in the trade because I’m sure the trade missed a bulk of it, but do you -- we don’t see the same headlines recently, we saw the Q3 and Q4 last year. Do you get -- just as strong as it was in the second half of last year, we are just not seeing a lot of the big wins in the headlines?
Randall Weisenburger: I think generally that’s right, we did just over $1.3 billion in Q2 you know, last year we had a couple very large accounts in Q3, yeah those large accounts are you -- know, that doesn’t happen very often, so they’re obviously going to skew the numbers when they do happen. But our base business which is really sort of the three R's -- it’s really the hard work of a lot of people around the world, you know that’s seems to be coming at a -- you know at a very regular pace.
John D. Wren: There is quite a bit of conversation that’s going on in private, Alexi, in terms of some major advertisers who have not put their accounts in review, but they are evaluating their partnership in a long-term basis and it’s just not being done with -- that you’ve seen the past.
Alexia Quadrani - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you very much
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, and we have a question now from the line of William Bird with Citigroup, please go ahead.
William Bird - Citigroup: I was wondering if you could elaborate little bit more on your strategy in China and we’re just wondering how larger Asia Pacific revenues are today if you were to gross up equity investments and you know large would you expect it to be if you look say, 4 -- 5 years? Thank you.
John D. Wren: The gross up, I let you think about that in a second. It’s a focus of ours Bill, I mean admittedly we are not as strong as one of our competitors in China and India, that’s something we addressed by the creation of Omnicom Asia and the placement out there of Michael Birkin a year ago. We have made significant progress, I think China, for instance overall revenue basis is up 50% in the quarter. We are also about to improve our position where we have a very skilled leader who right after Labor Day we will announce his joining our company, is helping us through India in terms changing our relationships and improving our situation. I expect those markets to grow faster then the overall world and that’s a trend that’s going to continue I think for the foreseeable future. We have work to do and we are in the process of doing it. We can have significant growth there if we’re successful in just obtaining the work from our existing 5,000 clients who we are servicing in other parts of the world. So I am very bullish at the focus, I think I was out there three times in the first half and then had numerous meetings and other things -- at a far increased space than what we’ve seen in my activities have been in the past and that’s largely because there have been things to do. So it’s getting a lot of attention. We have -- I think a lot of up side, and its really down to the quality of our offering in the marketplace and we are focused on it.
Randall Weisenburger: Your gross up question is kind of a tough one to answer -- off the cuff, you know looking at some brief numbers -- and don’t hold me on this, I think its just shy of $1 billion --.
William Bird - Citigroup: Is it a gross --.
Randall Weisenburger: -- and maybe its -- it’s a little bit around $1 billion.
John D. Wren: But that’s not reflected in what we report, because there are significant partnerships that we have, one is 46%, you know that’s the --
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah, taking an example, things like Clemenger BBDO, which is an affiliate, it’s not taking into consideration -- you know relationship like we have with the (inaudible) or something, these are companies -- the only companies I am talking about grossing up here are companies that we have significant equity space in just not enough to consolidate.
William Bird - Citigroup: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you
Operator: Thanks, and we have a question now from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Thank you, good morning. I wanted to first ask if you are noticing that you getting any incremental traction versus independence, versus the quarter or a year ago particularly in the interactive arena. If you are, any idea why and if there was just something that you’ve done organizationally and maybe this is something that clients have changes the way they’re focusing their business?
Randall Weisenburger: I think we have been getting -- yeah and we have been getting quite a bit of traction over the last couple of years in the interactive area versus, I will say the independence. I think more and more clients are looking for their interactive work, to be integrated in their overall campaign, that’s the way we really designed the bulk of our interactive agencies, they are lined up with our agencies -- you know, by discipline. We don’t really view the internet so much as a discipline but more as a medium for our various agencies to work their skills. I think that traction continues.
John D. Wren: There is a short term and a long term here Troy. The short term you will be able to distinguish, I think what you would refer to as independence versus the independently name brands that even we have. I think if we go out a few years, increasingly this is becoming integrated in mainstream, what were mainstream types of accounts. And I think that is very much the future just in the same way, you know if you go back, the introduction of television you know, those were all print agencies which the successful ones converted to be able to do print and TV. What technology does is collapses the security panel which you have to respond, but the industry has seen the introduction of new media before and I think we have a young, very stable, very, very talented creative group throughout every one of our disciplines and they will get it.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: And then one quick follow-up, any discernable impact in the quarter gross up either positive or negative?
John D. Wren: Discernible, no -- was there some impact? Probably. This is the same way -- have an impact -- blah blah-blah-blah-blah. I don’t think it changes the overall annual spending of most clients, it may be up slightly in the year of a World Cup or an Olympics, but most of the things we do and most of the clients we serve, it doesn’t move the needle that much. 
Randall Weisenburger: We also may see some movement with some of the larger multinationals -- from countries you know, you may have seen some movement from US to Europe in the quarter but again it’s very difficult to isolate.
Troy Mastin - William Blair & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, and we have a question now from the line of Lauren Fine with Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you, just a couple of questions. First of all are you still on the market during shareholder purchases?
John D. Wren: No, we don’t -- I don’t know how you can respond to that --
Randall Weisenburger: We haven’t bought shares recently.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And do you still have some capacity and ability and interest to do it during the second half of the year?
Randall Weisenburger: Sure, obviously, to a far lesser extent than we did in the first half of the year.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I’m wondering if you could on the divestiture that you just made, give us a sense of the level of profitability in terms of is this margin pretty consistent with the overall margin as we go to adjust models for that?
Randall Weisenburger: I don’t think its big enough to adjust models for -- margins, we’re definitely below our average.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: And then you can just may be give us some little bit more color on geographic trends in terms of some of the major European countries -- Asian countries, and then I have one follow-up after that.
John D. Wren: Europe with the exception of Greece and Spain as I mentioned -- well, I mentioned Spain -- rather than significant for this -- we’re strong for the Q2 in a row. I am not 100% sure at this moment if that’s because of our individual country performance versus the economic growth in those market places. But we are doing the right things in winning business. South America continuous to be strong, all of Asia continues to be strong and North America is a steady state. I don’t know that I’m -- I mean it’s a pretty broad based situation at this point in terms of what we are seeing.
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah, I mean the performance in the quarter was pretty broad -- pretty evenly distributed with a couple of anomalies as John mentioned, there was restructuring of a business in Japan, yeah, there is isolated you know -- client shifts or client changes that had some impact but in Europe in particular, you know France, UK and Germany were all quite strong, a little bit of that you know may have been World Cup, you know revenue movement that’s why I made the comment before its very hard for us to isolate what’s you know, what’s a shift like that versus what comes out of you know, of a agency performance versus the economy.
John D. Wren: Well, in terms of preliminary look and revised forecast for the second half and this is very preliminary, we don’t see weakness, we see continue strength.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Great -- and one last question would be July convertible date coming up, can you give us any sense of what you are thinking in terms of any sweetener that you might offer?
Randall Weisenburger: As we have mentioned before there is a maximum amount of sweetener that we would be able to pay without triggering taxes. We’re evaluating what that number is exactly. Our plan is to go back and have a meeting with our finance committee later this week and put out an announcement probably on Thursday.
John D. Wren: I guess the original plan and what we are prepared for is we don’t have any intentions at this point of triggering the creation of a new bond and we certainly have the capacity to repatriate or to take back anything that we -- anybody -- 
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah, we did the fixed rate bond operating thinking that we would probably refinance around a billion dollars worth of the converts, about $132 million of the 2033 converts -- you know we took back and retired, we have disconverted and then in February, we have frankly very similar -- it’s the 2031 Convert which is very similar if not identical to the 2032 convert, we have less room from a tax perspective on that bond than on this bond. So, you know it will probably end up being balance between the two of them.
Lauren Fine - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
John D. Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. We have a question now from the line of Jason Helfstein with CIBC, please go ahead.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Thanks, two questions. John, based on your historical experience, when you have seen clients reducing spending in the past, is it typical to see more money coming out of branded and then money moving into marketing services and the reason I asked that is you know, looking at this year clearly the mixed shift is moving much more toward marketing services this year than it was last year, I think last year was like 55% of the growth and this year its like 70% of growth -- in the in Q2, so just perhaps talk about what we’ve seen in the past when clients have cut back spending, whether the money shift around, and then, Randy, just one question on the cash flow, there was the $153 million, the excess tax benefits -- no I’m sorry, the share transaction under employee stock plans, just talk about what drove that number? Thanks.
John D. Wren: I’ll go first. I don’t necessarily think that there is a historical correction in for what you are currently seeing. Normally if there was a recession you would see removed from branded advertising to marketing services because it was a clear -– you will want to move inventory off the shelves, but we are not in that situation at the moment and I don’t see that as a governing trend at the moment. We certainly built the company that can absorb that if that is the case which is the beauty of our marketing services position. I think technology shifts in budgets, being able to identify ROI with specific marketing programs is a trend that has existed and will continue to exist. So while the river is rising on both the general media advertising side I think it’s rising a little bit faster in terms of marketing services, and that’s why we’ve balanced our portfolio the way that we have. We also enjoy in the three principle networks that we have in terms of the advertising side of the equation, I think arguably I think our competitors would say the same, the very best you know, the A-players in terms of quality, creativity and all the rest. So whatever the overall market trends are, we fully anticipate that we would gain more market share if people were really shifting away from brands to you know -- in allocating or looking forward to see who their partner should be going forward in this kind of an environment. So we are well positioned to service our clients geographically and by product line across all of their needs and the trends and the movements quarter-by-quarter, year-by-year, 12 months trailing -- I think the shift increasingly is going to be towards marketing services. But I do see overall growth and I do see advertising and the value of brands in differentiating what your brand is versus somebody else, a key part of the mix going forward, an essential part of the mix -- shares dollar with marketing service efforts.
Randall Weisenburger: Two things to add to that, that are worth noting especially on a -- the year-to-year basis -- we planned this out last year, we are seeing more and more integrated campaigns. Last year we thought saw a lot of the digital was getting captured in our traditional media advertising agencies as they became more integrated. We also shifted our digital media buying and planning businesses under OMG. So you had some increased growth in what shows up on our system as traditional media advertising, last year. So we actually felt last year that what appeared like traditional media advertising growth was a little bit stronger than maybe the way our systems calculated. The other thing that is interesting with marketing services growth is we tend to capture a greater percentage of the client' spend in most forms of marketing services versus traditional media advertising. So when client spend may not be growing as fast, we capture a bigger percentage of total spending than again on the advertising front. So both of those I think help us a little bit. On the cash flow side, you asked about share transaction. The $153.5 million is a combination of stock option exercises, so it’s the strike price on option exercises as well as shares purchased under our employee stock purchase program. I would guess as the you know, the stock rebounded you know, probably increased on option exercises, you also had -- a lot on our options … although we haven’t issued a lot of options since 2003 I think, maybe even 2002, the older plans had ten year life. Some of the newer plans only have a seven-year life. So I would assume that it was you know, people you know, kind of a normal cycle of people exercising some of those options.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Okay, just one quick follow up. Can you talk about -- you did talk geographically, overall just for example, Europe was big except for Greece and France, you said Germany was strong, do you have any color as far as by discipline, was branded stronger in those countries, or was it more marketing services, just the mix as far for Europe? Thanks.
John Wren: You know, we don’t really… we could, but we don’t try to distinguish that market by market. I would imagine you know, CRM is very strong and it’s advertising is 43%, that’s 35% of our business. But increasingly as Randy said, these are integrated activities. When you get down into some of the smaller markets, the numbers compared to the US tend to be very small. What we are attempting to do hundred percent of the time is to gain as much share of a particular leading client as we possibly can, and we don’t necessarily break down when you get into those markets, the granular disciplines, because it is not of real interest to us. We want to know that we are the most important provider to… this blue chip company or that blue chip company; we don’t try to sell them CRM versus branded advertising. We are more agnostic to that, we are looking at the clients' issues and what they are trying to accomplish. And so I can’t truly answer your question with any accuracy.
Jason Helfstein - CIBC World Markets: Okay, thank you very much for the detail.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: I assume we have a question now from the line of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers please go ahead.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, thank you. Can you just discuss what your new client went into the second quarter, just rattle off the key -- maybe that didn’t get down to the trade press. I have another follow up too, thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: I am not sure what got out into the trade press.
John Wren: Right.
Randall Weisenburger: And what didn’t, because frankly I don’t really follow it. A couple; Six Flags was one, Georgia Lottery was one, HD DVD was one. Those are you know, three of the, I'd say, bigger wins that might be a little bit more obscure -- in Madrid, the healthcare side, (inaudible) from BNG’s, we had some increased business from Sara Lee, H&R Block from the media side.
John Wren: Sure. I mean if you would, I mean just by way of clarity on this one, we operate about 100 countries. The trade press in New York and in London, if you know, whatever your sources are, are advertising sources of the information. That’s 43% of our business globally, that 43% is in the 100 countries not simply covered by those three trades. Those are the attention grabbing headlines based in America that should read. The business, the growth, the client wins are coming from across the spectrum of our world, not simply in those markets. They are more reflective of what a Digitas t would do than Omnicom would do because of the size and the dimension of the company. So I'm not saying it’s not useful, it’s just completely inadequate when you try to understand your business wins, and because of this step there’s a lot of accounts that spend $20 million or $30 million a year as opposed to $500 million a year, so there is an awful lot in a very, very long list that goes into what we have been able to accomplish and what we continue to accomplish.
Randall Weisenburger: And there is a awful lot of you know, $500,000 and smaller accounts.
John Wren: If you go to PR and some of the market…
Randall Weisenburger: Each quarter we have put together a net new business report that is probably the better part of 80 or 90 pages.
John Wren: And most names, we can’t pronounce!
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah, I mean we kind of -- when you ask for large numbers you inevitably end up with US based brand names, but the bulk of the work is really done by the 1000 plus agencies in the 100 countries and you know, they are banging it out everyday growing their business.
John Wren: Now the proof in the pudding is if you look at reported wins across all other competition within the sector and then you look at their subsequent organic growth, it’s a clear demonstration, if you try to put the trend together or something informative together that what you are reading doesn’t seem to translate into what’s happening to a lot of our companies.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: And then also if I could switch gears, do you see anything different out there positive or negative within a public -- competitor out there? Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: It would be really inappropriate for us to discuss in the public because we don’t have in depth knowledge of really you know, what’s going on within the company, so if you’d respect -- I’m not trying to be difficult, I pass on trying to answer the question.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: All right, that’s fair enough. And then also on the margin front, you’ve had very good success since the beginning of last year raising your margins, quarter after quarter, do you see anything in your cost front or your organic growth that you talked about the second half or you are changing that pattern for margins in the second half? Thanks.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, we don’t intentionally don’t predict margins only because we believe that if we work to drive behavior then some of that behavior may not be what we desire for the long run as opposed for the next half. Our objective is to continue to improve our margins and we are on a path to do that. The better our utilization gets, the more important the incremental new business wins we have until we absorb existing capacity and you’d have to make new investments in real estate and other things, so we have been very conservative in watching our cost space and very, I think aggressive in terms of trying to win new business. The trends are there for us to continue to meet our objectives of continually improving margins, over time. What we are going to do is you know, what we believe is sensibly and we are always looking out three to five years when we make decisions. So once we have had margin improvements in the first half and we expect that to continue, we also increase our spending in things like training and development at the same time and we’ve increased our expenditures by putting a corporate infrastructure out in Asia which harms margins currently, but we think is going to benefit the growth of the company in the near and long term. So we are managing the business way beyond what the next three or six months are in terms of these decisions and if they’re right decisions they really benefit the consistent performance of the company and if they’re wrong, we correct them.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you.
John Wren: Thank you. We are getting pretty close to the market open, so we will take or two more calls depending on how long they take, one or two more questions depending on how long they take.
Operator: All right, great. Your next question then comes from Debra Schwartz with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Debra Schwartz - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you. I was just wondering, can you give us some more color on expenses in the quarter, or maybe if you could breakdown salaries versus other or possibly if you could give us some more granularity, talk about the salaries and benefits versus incentive comp growth in the quarter, that’d be helpful.
Randall Weisenburger: Salaries attracting revenue…
John Wren: Yeah, I think our total compensation expenses are you know, pretty much tracking revenue growth. You know, maybe it has had over our revenue growth for the six months, but not much. As far as the incentive comp goes you know, the cash incentive comp is you know, up pretty significantly and equity based incentive comp is down. We expense options and as we mentioned we haven’t done a lot on the options front since the year 2002 when it comes down into that compensations getting rotated into other forms of compensation.
Randall Weisenburger: On our total you know, compensation cost, we are pretty keenly interested in on the mix, trying to drive the flexible part of that you know, the bonus and incentives that we accrue up, and we don’t have any governance on that other than the overall performance of the business because ultimately that’s our flexibility in terms of locating our objectives. People have to perform in order to get paid their bonuses and if they perform, they get their bonuses. But you know, so the outline is managed a bit differently than say, real estate and other fixed costs. You know, so we try to make comp as variable and we have been trying to do that for the last several years as we moved away from in 2002, the issuance of a lot of stock, our focus continues to be cash.
John Wren: What else make some of the analyses that you’d like to do or that I would more traditionally do if I were analyzing, say a manufacturing firm or some other firm, all of our investment spending for the future basically comes through the comp line. So when we staff up or put a team in place in China, in India, in Asia, that’s all coming through the comp line versus you know, some of the other investment line or if we increase our spending and you know, employee training and development program, that all runs through the comp line, because it’s basically all people based and it’s all you know, current cost, even things like Sarbanes-Oxley. You know, the vast majority of those costs are labor-based costs, so it’s really coming through that compensation line. So the fact that compensations that we are not getting obvious leverage out of compensation through the PN&L is not that we are not necessarily getting some leverage, on direct labor, that’s -- and we don’t really split things up quite that way, but it’s been observed by the investment spending that we are doing for the future.
Debra Schwartz - Credit Suisse: Okay, that was helpful. And then actually Randy, can you tell us how much you’re still spending on maintenance -- cost --?
Randall Weisenburger: You know, I think our -- cost is still you know, they are well over $100 million a year, probably. That’s the internal cost.
John Wren: We have had the flexibility, but we haven’t taken advantage of it, of not coming to -- reporting unit, but we still we do, so that’s the cost that was imposed on us but we have not knocked away from it because we think they’re positive, I think they’re positive discipline associated with some of the work that we do there.
Debra Schwartz - Credit Suisse: All right, thank you.
John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, and we do have a question and from the line of Paul Ginocchio with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Randall Weisenburger: This would be the last question.
Operator: Very good.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks for taking the question. Looking at the US, the third quarter for the last two years has been your best organic growth quarter, and just looking at the current trends from that first quarter, the second quarter, we saw a slight deceleration. There’s the comp -- the third quarter more difficult, or is that not the right way to think about it? Thank you.
John Wren: Yeah, I think there is over the last four years, there has been a smoothing. You know, if you go back to the '90s, the third quarter was always you know, the lightest quarter, it still is the lightest quarter in terms of overall growth largely because it’s based in places like Europe just simply close down for the month of August. But what I think the anomaly is you know, I’ve gotten reduced, I think we have -- so we are looking at this more or less as a normal quarter for growth, we don’t see any significant aberrations at this moment or any moment.
Randall Weisenburger: Yeah, I don’t think you want to look at the quarters on a sequential basis. Q1 and Q3 are historically our smaller quarters with Q2 and Q4 being you know, more forward with straight fee based, retainer based contract which they’re certainly not -- all of our you know, we have all kinds of different forms of payment, but there is somewhat of a trend towards that where it’s much smoother over the course of the year. We should get some flattening or smoothing of those revenues over time which would mean greater growth in Q1 and Q3 relative to Q2 and Q4. You know, I think we’ve probably been experiencing that in Q3 for the last several years as John pointed out you know, probably had a little bit of that in Q1 as well, although I think to a lesser extent.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
John Wren: -- company that you know, that you can look and say sequential growth. You know, we are a large group, globally and the growth rate, we also look at growth rate you know, annually as well. We can’t control the months or a day that a client is going to do something, but we do have a view as to what their annual spending is going to be.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: I’m sorry, to say that in US it’s not -- you haven’t seen really -- as you said at the beginning of the call, there’s really no discernible trends in spending patterns?
John Wren: Not as they distinguish them from prior trends, no.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great, thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you. And we will thank you everyone one more time for taking the time to listen to our call, and we will do this again, next quarter.
John Wren: Right.
Randall Weisenburger: Bye-bye.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation, and for using AT&T’s Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-26 01:15:00) =====
Executives: Randall Weisenburger, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   John Wren, President, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jason Helfstein, CIBC World Markets   Michael Nathanson, Sanford Bernstein   Lauren Fine, Merrill Lynch   Troy Mastin, William Blair & Company   Alexia Quadrani, Bear Stearns   William Bird, Citigroup   Steven Barlow, Prudential Equity   Craig Huber, Lehman Brothers
Operator:
Operator instructions:
Randall Weisenburger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our First Quarter 2006 Earnings Call. We hope everyone had a chance to review our earnings release. We have also posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on page one of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements discussed today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. With that out of the way, we will begin the call with some general remarks from John Wren, following which, we will review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail and then both John and I'll be happy to take questions.
John Wren, President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. We are very pleased with the company's performance for the first quarter. Revenues for the first time in several years were actually positive across the board. That reflects both the growth of our existing clients and the impact of new business won last year. The momentum from last year is continued for the first four months of 2006 and we are making significant progress in several areas. We are making progress and we are ahead of schedule, I believe, in our efforts in areas of emerging markets such as China. Our global expansion of our PHD brand, which is our equally important media brand, is being rolled out on schedule and I believe it will provide for additional growth in the latter part of this year and next. And we continue to make significant progress in attracting the best talent in the marketplace. We are very, very pleased with our ability to continue to operate talent, market by market as we look around the world, especially in areas such as emerging markets. From our margin point of view, Randy will take you through all that in a few minutes when he takes back the call. But our performance certainly was on track with our objectives for the year which is to improve margins while continuing to make important investments both in the training and development of our people and new talent when we can acquire them. One sad note in the quarter was our colleague Ken Kaess passed away in March 2006 after a rather brave battle with cancer. Ken was one of the driving forces at DDB Worldwide over the past several years. And we will certainly miss him in that role and I will miss him certainly as a friend. In terms of transition, Bob Scarpelli has been the creative leader of DDB, has taken over the role as Chairman. This is something that he has been trained to do and looking forward to do under different circumstances for the last 20 years. And Chuck Brymer, Interbrand's -- formerly Interbrand's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has been appointed to the role of President and CEO of DDB. They inherent from Ken one of the world's greatest agencies and we're very confident that they will continue to grow and DDB will prosper, as we go forward. 2006 is the 20th anniversary of Omnicom and our strategic priorities remain the deepening of our relationships with our existing clients and obviously new business where we can develop new clients as when the opportunity provides itself. And just on one note, Asia, certainly will figure prominently, I think, in our investment strategy this year. The performance of the team that we put out there in last April is exceptional and we look forward to a great progress in that region of the world. With that, I will turn the call over to Randy and then we will answer whatever questions you have later on.
Randall Weisenburger, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. As John pointed out, Q1 was a very strong, kicking the New Year off to very good start. Specifically, revenue for the quarter increased by $159.9 million to 2.56 billion, that was an increase of 6.7%. Operating income was 284.4 million, up 10.5% and operating margins were 11.1% which was about a 40 basis point increase over last year's reported results. There are two anomalies in the year-over-year comparisons that we would like to mention. The first, as you may recall, in Q1 of 2005, we recorded a gain of $6.9 million primarily related to the sale of a business in Australia, New Zealand. And the second, this year, with the adoption of 123(R), we were required to record a cumulative adjustment of $3.6 million to provide for an estimate of forfeitures on all unvested employee stock-based compensation awards, as of January 1, 2006. Since we have already been expensing stock-options for the past several years, this adjustment was fairly insignificant for us. Adjusting for both of these items, our year-over-year operating income increased 12.1% and our operating margin increased from 10.4% last year to 11% this year or about 60 basis points. Net interest expense for the quarter was 15.1 million, that was an increase of $3 million over last year. The increase was primarily the result of increases in short-term interest rates which resulted in us paying a larger supplemental interest payment or sweetener last August on our 2,032 convertible bonds. As many of you already know, at the very end of Q1, we issued $1 billion of 10 year fixed rate bonds. The bonds pay a coupon of 5.9% per annum and we will have an all end cost including the amortization of issuance costs of approximately 6.1%. Since the bonds were issued at the end of Q1, there was no incremental interest cost in Q1. We anticipate that with the proceeds of the issuance, we will fund the 2,032 convertible bond issue in August in the event that it put back to us. In the interim, we used a portion of the proceeds to accelerate at the end or at the beginning of Q2 the repurchase of 5.5 million shares or $458.7 million of our common stock. That common stock we had expect to repurchase over the balance of the year. The remaining funds are being used for general corporate purposes. On the tax front, our tax rate for the quarter was 33.8%, which is down over last year's reported rate of 35.1%. However, similar to our discussion of operating margin, last year's reported tax rate was impacted by the high book tax rate related to the sale of the business in Australia and New Zealand. And this year's rate was impacted by the accounting catch-up that I mentioned. Absent these two anomalies, our tax rates are similar year-over-year at about 33.6%. Net income increased 10.1% to 165.7 million, and diluted earnings per share increased 13.4% or $0.11 to $0.93 per share. Analyzing our revenue performance, our organic growth accelerated in the quarter to 8.7%, accounting for $207.9 million of our revenue growth. As we expected, foreign exchange had a negative impact in many of our major international markets, reducing our overall revenue growth by 2.7% or $65.3 million. FX in the quarter was a bit unusual and that the effect was split by market. For example, the European markets and the UK were very negative, while Canada and Mexico were marginally positive and Latin America; specifically, Brazil and Chile were very positive. Based on current rates, we expect Q2 to be negative again, about 1.5%, and Q3 and Q4 to be much closer to breakeven. On the acquisition front, after cycling through the impact of the divestiture we made in Q1 of last year, acquisition revenue turned positive in this quarter, adding $17.3 million to our revenue, or about 7/10ths of 1%. As for mix of business in the quarter, traditional media advertising accounted for 43.1% and marketing and services 56.9%. As per their respective growth rates, traditional media advertising grew 5.2%, while marketing and services grew 7.8%. Breaking down our marketing and service revenue a bit. CRM was approximately 34.8% of revenue, public relations 10.1%, and specialty communications 12%. As per their respective total growth rates, CRM continued to be strong and steady increasing 10%; public relations increased 1.4% in the quarter, although organic growth for PR was better at 4.3%; and specialty communications increased 7.1%. As for geographic mix of business in the quarter, the United States was 55.9% and international 44.1%. In the United States, total revenue growth for the quarter was 120.9 million or 9.2%, acquisition totaled 16.9 million of that growth or about 1.3%, and organic growth remained very strong totaling $104 million or about 7.9%. Our international revenue increased 39 million or 3.6%. Acquisitions were marginally positive in the quarter adding $400,000 to revenue. Foreign exchange was negative 65.3 million. And organic growth due to continued strong performance in Latin America and Asia now combined with significantly improved results in Germany and the UK accelerated to 9.5% adding 103.9 million to our revenue. Our primary source of available cash and so if to not be computing what we mean by available cash is not GAAP cash flow from operations; rather it's simply net income adjusted for basic non-cash charges, which for us are primarily stock-based compensation charges and their related tax benefits and then depreciation and amortization. For Q1, our available cash flow again excluding working capital changes was approximately $248.7 million. The change in the working capital was also a significant benefit to our cash flow in the quarter, although this had more to do with the year end cutoff than it did changes in the current quarter. While working capital is generally a modest source of free cash flow, as we grow, due to large swings in these numbers day-to-day and as the year end and quarter-end changes demonstrated, we believe analyzing our cash flow excluding changes in working capital is more appropriate. As for our primary uses of cash, there are four CapEx, which is generally limited to furniture and fixtures, leasehold improvements, and in basic PCs and servers, totaled $33.5 million in the quarter. Dividend payments, which are currently running at $0.25 per share per quarter, totaled 45.2 million in the quarter. Acquisitions including earn-out payments on prior acquisitions in the quarter totaled 35.4 million. In addition, we issued a short-term note in connection with one of our new acquisitions, which we expect to be paid in Q2. And finally, share repurchases in the quarter. We've repurchased 4.33 million shares for a total of about 359 million. We also received $21 million of proceeds from option exercises and stocks sold under employee stock purchase plan, bringing the net amount down to 338 million. As a result of these repurchases, we reduced our outstanding share count from 178.3 million at the end of 2005 to 174.6 million at the end of Q1. That also brought our average diluted share count for the quarter down to about 177.8 million. And with that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator:
Operator instructions: And sir, we're unable to hear you, if your line is muted.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Sorry about that. Can you hear me now? International organic growth was quite strong in the first quarter. Randy, could you give us a breakdown, perhaps, of how much ad-related businesses drove that organic number versus marketing and services? And then I have two follow-ups. Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: No. I don't have that number.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay. But I am assuming seem just with the overall numbers, I guess, the 5.2 -- overall ad-related business is about 5.2 and marketing and services up 7.8. Is it fair to say that trends were similar with marketing services growing faster globally or you can't say because you don't have it?
A - Randall Weisenburger: I don't have it. That would -- I think that would generally be pretty safe bet. I think what happened in the quarter with the step-up in organic growth from the last couple of quarters is basically the UK and Germany started to kick in. We had very strong organic growth in those markets. I think that was largely driven by our marketing services businesses, and I think more driven by performance than just economic improvements in those markets.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay. And then, just two other questions. So what's your -- basically, the 457 that you said you had bought back following the -- how many shares did that represent? I missed that.
A - Randall Weisenburger: The accelerated buyback at the beginning of Q2 related to the bond offering was 5.5 million shares.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay. And then, can you update us, you know, what your year-end target leverage is, as far as debt to EBITDA.
A - Randall Weisenburger: No, that's not something that we basically target. We are -- with the bond offering that we did that was not intended to add significant leverage in the -- I'll say, medium term and sort of the 12-month time frame to our balance sheet. We effectively, with that bond offering, were getting ready to refund or refinance the port of 2002 -- 2032 convertible bonds that is likely to occur at the very beginning of August or the end of July. Assuming that happens, the $1 billion we raised will basically refinance that offering and the tax payments on that offering. In the interim, we used the cash or at least part of the cash for the accelerated stock repurchase, but that's really just buying in shares that we would have likely repurchased over the balance of the year anyway.
Q - Jason Helfstein: So you just want us to look at this as a timing thing, not that you are choosing to perhaps increase the leverage profile of the company?
A - Randall Weisenburger: This is not an increase leverage transaction.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay. And lastly, any update on the pace of acquisitions as far as, I guess, first quarter was a little bit more than we thought, but not a huge number as far as the outlook for the pipeline for the rest of the year? And that's all I had, thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Pipeline looks pretty full. We're going to close acquisitions when the timing is right. We're going to do acquisitions on an economic basis that's consistent with our past experience and consistent with the guidelines that we've set out in the past. So, they happen when they happen. We don't try to push to hit, you know, some number over one quarter just to make the numbers look good. The acquisitions have to fit into our strategy. They have to be economically on the favorable terms that we've laid out. The first quarter, I think, we closed four acquisitions. We have a number of things that are in the pipeline. I expect that we'll have more acquisitions closed than we did last year.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question now from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Q - Michael Nathanson: Hi, thanks. I have a three -- let me give you what they are. The first one is the US strength was really impressive given what Dennis Hewitt put up the other day. I wonder what's the source of this trend, is it creative, is it media, and how much is from new business? That's one. Secondly, you mentioned Germany was strong. Your targets held because of currency, but do you have any sense of what European organic growth was and the sustainability of that? And lastly, Randy, I think you've said in previous call that you expect about $100 million of net interest expense. I wonder if that's still what you expect given the refinancing?
A - Randall Weisenburger: Let's see. Let me give you some of the easy ones.
Q - Michael Nathanson: Okay.
A - Randall Weisenburger: I'll do them in reverse.
Q - Michael Nathanson: Okay.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Now interest expense for the year will increase from that $100 million target that I've laid out before. We will also, however, have reduced average share count for the year because we, basically -- in Q2, here we've got the increased leverage that will dissipate as the year goes on, because it basically accelerated the stock repurchase.
Q - Michael Nathanson: All right.
A - Randall Weisenburger: I'll go through and do some calculations, and we'll give some -- a little bit better guidance as we go as far as interest expense. But definitely with the bond offering, we will have increased interest expense. Now, going back to your other two questions…
Q - Michael Nathanson: It was -- if you can give a sense what organic was for the European continent, because Dennis Hewitt said that they just use some acceleration on the continent. I wonder what it was for you.
A - Randall Weisenburger: We definitely saw acceleration. I don't have the exact number in front of me. We saw acceleration largely driven for us in the UK and Germany, which had very strong organic growth this quarter. I believe looking at the numbers that organic growth was driven more by great performance of a few of our agencies in those markets versus just a general economic improvement, although it may well be a combination of the two of them. Most of our other markets continue to perform fairly similar to the way they did at the end of last year. Asia was very strong, led by China. Latin America was very strong across the board, but Brazil in particular. North America, the US, Mexico, Canada were all quite strong. The emerging markets of Europe were quite strong.
A - John Wren: To your first question, we don't really follow the competition's performance. We're just focusing on our own strategy. So, I think it's a reflection of the portfolio. CRM was up significantly in the US as well as on a global basis. And I think it's a combination of new business wins that we've had and there is a real correlation between, I think, what we report in expected revenue and just a general healthy performance across the board. So, I really can't do an adequate comparison between us and any of our competitors. We're just simply focused on ourselves.
Q - Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks.
A - John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have a question now from the line of Lauren Fine with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Q - Lauren Fine: Great. Thank you. I just had a couple of questions. One, if the stock response nicely to what was a very good quarter and continues to stay up, what happens if the bonds aren't put back to you, what kind of decisions might you make then? And then secondly, you gave organic growth for public relations. I'm wondering if you could give us either for marketing services overall what the organic growth it was or some of the other pieces? And then finally, I joined the call a bit late, so if you did give this already I apologize, but could you talk about what the total net new business was in the quarter?
A - Randall Weisenburger: Yes. Net new business was just over $1 billion. Let's see, I'm trying to grab the organic growth number for -- I thought I gave it on the call but…
Q - Lauren Fine: You gave it for public relations, but I don't think you gave –
A - Randall Weisenburger: Yes, I broke it out specifically for that one because there have been questions in the past. Organic growth for marketing and services was 9.8%, and traditional media advertising was 7.2%. And as far as the -- what do we do if the 2032 bonds is input, we will have to answer that, I think, as we get closer.
A - John Wren: In other words from your lips to God's ears.
Q - Lauren Fine: And then I guess if I could sneak in one last one, on the margin improvement in the quarter on an underlying basis was quite good.
A - John Wren: Yes.
Q - Lauren Fine: Anything in particular that added to that? And are you still more comfortable just longer term with 20 to 30 basis points in the given year?
A - Randall Weisenburger: Yes, I think, the 20 to 30 basis points is, probably, is very good performance in this kind of an environment. We obviously are going to do as well as we can do but we've balanced out, a combination of investments and margin improvements all the time. This quarter's results were very strong, 8.7% organic growth in the improved performance, while I think, step that to 8.7% in the quarter was really the performance in the UK and Germany, which was definitely a step up. The other markets continue to perform well. The underlying -- some of the underlying numbers, we continue to have improved utilization rates on our -- I'll will say infrastructure costs, namely property utilization ramps, computer software, etc., So we're pretty happy with performance of the business.
Q - Lauren Fine: If I were able to see a geographic breakdown of margins, did you get most of the improvement overseas where you might have been surprised on the revenue strength?
A - John Wren: No. I think so. It was just a general -- it was general performance that Europe year-over-year was, I believe, up in terms of performance. But at the same time, if you – we’ve also made heavy investments in places like China and our whole engine theater in terms of placing out a full headquartered capability in those markets. We made investments because we entered into a relationship with Tsinghua University in Beijing, where we changed the name of Omnicom in China and named our business school to better develop our relationships as part of a longer-term strategic plan to improve our performance there. So, whilst the underlying business in terms of the operating performance of the individual units, I believe, improve, we did invest some of those dollars back into things, which I believe will provide us with additional growth this year, next year and the year after. So, this is just part of a very comprehensive plan to not maximize our margins, but to, what we think is to optimize them and improve them constantly or endeavor to improve them constantly as we go forward.
Q - Lauren Fine: Great. Thank you.
A - John Wren: Thank you Lauren.
Operator: Thanks and we do have a question out from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead. And sir, if your line is muted, we aren't able to hear you.
Q - Troy Mastin: Yeah. Is that better?
Operator: Yes.
Q - Troy Mastin: Thanks. You just talked in the past about the mix of your business between new business and existing clients and how they driven growth. I was wondering if you can give us any color on your organic growth and how that mix played out? And you did have very strong new business wins obviously last year; can you give us some characterization of how much of that we're seeing in this first quarter of 2006? Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: We really don't know Troy. We don't tie the numbers out that close; that would be virtually impossible given the huge number of client engagements that we have globally. What we've said in the past is that, you know, we expect 65% to 75% of our organic growth to come from the conversion of our net new business wins to revenue. Again, those numbers are very hard to tie up specifically but we you know, we generally think that our net new business wins over any sort of trailing fourth quarter period, 10% or 12% of that ought to turn into revenue growth over the next, sort of 12 months period. And because of the different start, start times between winning the business or announcement of a win of a business and when it gets converted into revenue, so it can, it can certainly vary. We think that ought to be generally a substantial portion of our organic growth in that 65% to 75% range. I think that those relationships are probably true now as well. They certainly seem like that's working out the way the organic growth and the way the revenues are coming in.
Q - Troy Mastin: In terms of how much of the new business wins we saw you report last year are being felt in the result of the first quarter, any qualitative or quantitative data you can give us?
A - John Wren: You know, as Randy said, if you take it quarter-by-quarter historically, and whatever reported billings are, historically although there is no science to this. We generate 10% to 12% of those reported numbers in revenue. This generally at least of a quarters delay between the time that we reported and the time we will start cycling it. So you know, business win in January will come on stream in May, business win in March will come on stream until July. But that will average out over time and then it contributes over the next four quarters, before we cycle through it. So that's generally the relationship, but we don't track it specifically.
A - Randall Weisenburger: And you know those things can vary win-by-win.
Q - Troy Mastin: Right.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Sometimes you have a win and it's you know, they want to start work extremely quickly and you get their some of the larger accounts. In particular, there is more transition time, certainly to ramp-up to the full quarterly or full monthly revenues that the win might translate into. It's -- there is not a hard science, and frankly, there is too many client engagements, to try to track it specifically.
Q - Troy Mastin: I'm really just trying to get a sense that there is additional tail win through organic growth from the strong new business, when do you have last year? It sounds like you can't really definitively say.
A - John Wren: It's, we can't, largely because we don't try to track it. What we're doing is constantly looking at our portfolio and adjusting our decisions based on what it looks like today. So, we really don't. But I think that is you know, this is our 20th year. That's a lot of quarters. That's a lot of new business wins. So, the trends, the momentum I think continues to exist. When it comes to new business, 95% of the time you have to be invited to pitch and that's in control of the prospective clients, not in our control in terms of driving it. So, it's the one area where I think you have to look at historic performance and the formula that Randy says not hard and fast, but it's our strong sense of what's, what, how much things contribute over a period of time. That doesn't mean that there can't be aberrations in a particular moment of time. But I think they are pretty fair to look at.
Q - Troy Mastin: Okay. And then one final one, if I may. Your PR division or units have been a little bit light on growth relative to the rest of the business. Can you give us some insight on if there is an industry issue or something specific to your properties that's leading to that lower growth rate? Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: You know, I, you know, maybe our PR units have the problem of comparing against some of our other units. You know, I broke out this time PR's organic growth specifically, because I was, you know, these questions come up. Our PR unit this quarter had 4.3% organic growth. I think that's in line or better than our competition's PR units. And it's just marginally short of what our competition's average organic growth rates were. So, I think you know, I think the PR units are probably doing fine. They are compared, when we report numbers they are comparing against the very strong performance of our CRM businesses and our creative agencies and our media agencies that are, frankly, doing exceptionally well right now.
Q - Troy Mastin: Thank you.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question in from the line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Q - Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. How would you characterize I guess the current new business environment? Is there a healthy pace of account movement we saw -- we've seen for the last couple of years, particularly the second half of last year continuing? And do you have some particularly net real notable wins in the third quarter of last year? Do you see any of those potential, I guess notable wins on the horizon, given what you know about what's in review?
A - John Wren: I don't have -- I do have some thoughts in terms of what we can notably win. I don't know that there are new business that they are in review right now. So, if you'll just forgive me, because some of my competition is on the line, I'll withhold that information from you.
A - Randall Weisenburger: It's also worth noting that the B&A win was an extremely large win. There are not very many wins -- there are not very many single accounts of that size that are ever available.
A - John Wren: It's -- well, yeah. And when Randy says that, it moves the needle in the company less than 0.5% point of growth. So, you have to keep in mind the diversity of our portfolio and that everything can contribute. So, it's a lot of effort throughout the world. There's a lot of focus here on what happens that would, you know, S&P companies that hit the media everyday -- you know, media in New York and major cities in the United States but the company is a worldwide company, so, there is a lot of activity going on in just about every single market around the world. And that's what ultimately contributes to our growth, not just the big names that you might pick up on because there is a lot of reporting about it domestically here. The diversity, the size of the portfolio, the fact that people are taking advantage and getting invited to pitch for new assignments from existing clients to obtain newer clients when they become available that's all, it's an ongoing processing and the list of actual wins is quite significant. It will fill up a book, in terms of, if you listed it out individually market-by-market -- unit-by-unit. So, it's an ongoing effort and as I said earlier, we can't control who puts what in review. We can try to grow our existing relationships with people we have -- who are clients -- roster clients. And that's probably where most of the new business comes from. And things like Bank of America, which is a wonderful -- have been at whatever pace that happens so.
A - Randall Weisenburger: But the -- the key for us is really the three R's and the cloud of dust. It's the day-in and day-out hard work that thousands of people are involved in all the time and it kind of moves the needle from a quarterly new business reporting number to -- that makes it skew high is periodically, you get a very large win but those happen, like that fairly irregularly. And when they happen, they happen, it's not something that you can really plan on.
Q - Alexia Quadrani: I know you don't give guidance and you're not an economist necessarily but I guess, looking out into Q2 and the rest of the year, you've got new business really kicking in from last year and continues to be healthy. Europe at least for now looks like it’s picked up a bit particularly for you guys. US looks healthy, I mean, what acquisition activities taking out anything that you stands out in your mind that would suggest that this healthy growth rate we saw in Q1 would it continue?
A - John Wren: Well, It certainly thereafter the first four months of the year and we are in very positive conversations with quite a number of clients in terms of obtaining additional assignments or in winning new business or getting new product lines that many of which are handled already by competitors. Those conversations going on constantly and so again we don't forecast, but I think if you take a look at our history, the organization is geared towards this hunting culture in terms of going out and trying to deepen the relationships we have with our existing clients. And it's not just advertising, it's certainly in marketing services and all the other services that we provide. And as I briefly mentioned, I mean, there is a few initiatives that are going on, which I can't tell you the quarter or the timeframe that it's going to kick in but arguably, given our size, and our competitors point to set all the time, we are probably the third largest in China which is a high-growth market, especially for our competitors. And there is no reason in the world that given our initiatives that 18 months from now, we won't be as strong as we are in other places. And when you look at that, it's really a glass half full story because as we get up to our proper weight class in those markets, we should be enjoying wins and growth that are coming at a greater pace than in some of the more mature markets around the world. So, I can't predict it, I wouldn't try to. But I think we are making all the right moves in terms of getting to a position where we continue to grow the company for the benefit of the shareholders and the benefit of our employees.
Q - Alexia Quadrani: And just one last question on Asia. I assume given your comments, you are somewhat in investment node over there which may be weighing on profitability. But longer term, do you see, the Asian marketplace having I guess the potential of being just as profitable as the United States?
A - John Wren: Certainly. I think that would be consistent with what others in the industry are saying as well.
Q - Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
A - John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks then, we have a question now from the line of William Bird with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Q - William Bird: I was wondering if you could try to quantify the Olympic impact on the quarter and also I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit on what you are seeing in terms of client demand for capabilities in Asia? Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: I don't think the Olympics had any significant impact on the quarter. I am not sure it had really any impact on the quarter although I couldn't -- it would be small enough that would be almost impossible to identify. Your second question was what again I am sorry?
Q - William Bird: Yes, I was wondering if you could just describe what you are seeing in terms of client demand for capabilities in Asia?
A - John Wren: Certainly, there is a -- when you say Asia is a huge place so I mean it's probably -- you look at China, you look at how many major cities there are. You look at the proliferation of cell phone use in those markets, those are services that are going to develop -- telephone for instance, marketing the telephones is going to real faster in Korea and China than it is, say in the United States. So, we are gearing up to do that. Certainly, your ability to service clients in 30 plus cities in China is significant. A lot of that is local promotions. It's making certain that your message is in the right place in those cities. It is not necessarily just TV advertising. So you have a lot of outdoor, you have a lot of feet on the ground making sure that clients products are properly merchandized and moved. So, the demands change market by market in Asia and we have been gearing up and making the investments to make sure that we have the right services in the right markets to be able to service the clients that we are going after. It is a very interesting marketplace because it is not only multinationals, where we can deepen our relationships and we are making strides to do that, there are also increasing number of Chinese companies, which are going to be looking for help to market their products outside of China. And that's a huge opportunity as we move forward.
Q - William Bird: And by the way I don't know if you can quantify this, but did the revenue ramp on new business have much of the margin impact on the quarter?
A - Randall Weisenburger: I don't know if new business with just utilization, you know, the revenue growth in general, helped utilization rates.
A - John Wren: Sure. The most expensive time from a margin point of view is when you win something and you get the highest margins when you get inspired from something. It's the way it really works out. So, you're making investments, you're stepping up. You're doing things when you win an account. So, you know we don't look at the margins on a quarterly basis for those activities. We look at the relationship what it's going to yield over time.
Q - William Bird: Thank you.
A - Randall Weisenburger: And we're getting, I think we're just after 9:15 so, we'll try to do one or two more questions here. We'll take one at a time, and see how we - how fast they are.
Operator: Pretty good. Then our next question comes from line of Steven Barlow with Prudential Equity. Please go ahead.
Q - Steven Barlow: Thanks. Two quick ones, can you talk about the cost of talent with IPG potentially trying to pay more to retain people? And secondly, going back to sort of the bonds and the sweeteners and puts and things, would you -- if the bonds are not put, I guess in general, would there be any sweetener payments that you think you would have to make in 2006?
A - Randall Weisenburger: Well, let's see -- for that, I just firstly I decided I don't like the term sweetener, so we're using supplemental interest payment.
Q - Steven Barlow: Okay.
A - Randall Weisenburger: The 2033 bond -- that's a bond we want to keep outstanding depending upon where the stock price is at. We may or may not be required to make a supplemental interest payment on it. That bond is puttable in June. So, we'll hit that date sooner. Given where the stock prices at today, we would need to make a supplemental interest payment with respect to that bond. As far as the 2032 bond goes, we said before that our intent and our expectation is that bond will be put to us at the end of July and we'll take it back. Obviously, depending upon stock price etc., we'll evaluate those decisions as we go. The only way we would ever consider keeping that bond outstanding is it the financing -- the cost of financing was extremely good. But that's –
A - John Wren: Yes, that's not what we expect.
A - Randall Weisenburger: That's not -- you know right now, that's not the expectation.
A - John Wren: And your first question, I'm sorry.
Q - Steven Barlow: About talent cost?
A - John Wren: You know great talent cost what it costs and it's embedded in a system with tens of thousands of people. So, we're not seeing inflation in that area, that's out of line with what we expect to receive from the upgrades. I mean each one of our acquisitions of talent is based upon those people what we're trying to accomplish. So, I don't know what our competition is doing nor what they have to do. We pay certainly as well, if not better than the rest of the marketplace and our incentive pools are significant based upon people achieving our objectives.
Q - Steven Barlow: Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Okay. We're at not -- I think we got time for one more question. And then we'll call it before the market opens.
Operator: Great. Thank you. And we do have a question. And our last question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Lehman Brothers. Go ahead.
Q - Craig Huber: Good morning. Thank you. Just from the trenches, I was wondering if you could just comment, if you see anything significant one way or the other on how in a public assuming go head-to-head with them. That's the first question? And then secondly, is there anything like Google is doing here over the next 6 to 9 months that worries you guys, maybe you think you are not well positioned for going forward? Thank you.
A - John Wren: I think it would be, inappropriate for me to discuss the competition. You know, they are performing as they report in terms of their operations. And I think, as they want to say they're still going through some restructuring challenges. But, we need competitors and we certainly have competitors, and there are lot of quite good ones out there. So, that is as much as I'd like to say about them. In terms of Google, you know, Google's primary focus is small business advertisers, which really, are not the client base that we serve. We look at Google, I have my own personal belief that everything that looks too good to be true is always too good to be true. So, there is, they continue to grow and we are client of theirs actually on their major advertiser side. And so, we have a good working relationship with them, but I don't see any shifts fundamentally to what we do in the client base that we serve and the things that we're trying to accomplish with some of their initiatives that are going on account.
A - Randall Weisenburger: In general, we get better -- we are better off when there are more media's developing, more technology developing, because it gives our clients more opportunities to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of what they are doing. It also means more and different executions that they're trying to accomplish in the marketplace, which again generally means more work for our agencies and more opportunities for our agencies to develop services for clients. Generally, all of these things that enable marketers to better market their products and better reach consumers and in sort of a dynamic change in marketplace is positive for us.
Q - Craig Huber: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you all very much. We'll turn it off at this point. We look forward to next quarter. Talk to you soon.
Operator: Briefly thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-15 12:30:00) =====
Executives: Randall J. Weisenburger, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President   John D. Wren, Chief Executive Officer, President
Analysts: Steven Barlow, Prudential   Jason Helfstein, CIBC World Markets   Alexia Quadrani, Bear Stearns   Lauren Fine, Merrill Lynch   Debra Schwartz, Credit Suisse   Paul Ginocchio, Deutsche Bank   Troy Mastin, William Blair & Company   William Bird, Citigroup
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Randall J. Weisenburger, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President: Thanks you. Good morning everyone, I would like to start by giving the good reminders. Remind everyone that forward-looking statements and other information that is included on page 1 of our Investor Presentation will contain certain statements discussed today may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are present expectations, actual events or results may differ materially. We urge to take no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Now with that said, thank you all for taking the time to listen to our Fourth Quarter 2005 Earnings Call, we hope that everyone had a chance to review our earnings release. We’ve posted it and a presentation covering the information that we will present this morning to our website. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. We will begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren, and then following those remarks, we will review the financial performance in a little more detail. And then at the end of the call both John and I will be happy to take questions.
John D. Wren, Chief Executive Officer, President: Good morning, thanks for joining us and Happy Valentine’s Day. 2005 overall was an outstanding year for Omnicom. Our agencies continue to gain market share setting a record 5.5 billion in net new business. The good news is a significant number of these wins actually came late in the year and we’ll benefit our growth in 2006. In the fourth quarter all of our markets except The Netherlands and South Africa showed positive growth. For the year we had a positive growth except for Africa, which is not a very significant part of our revenue base. Many of you might have read the trade press yesterday, which reported on our ability to keep business in the family. What one thing reported is the great job that our team did especially in Western Europe this past year, retaining important accounts which were put into review during the year. Our strategy of staying focused on having the best talent in the industry and making investments in their education and development, I believe are really paying off. As we examine our efforts around the world, we are making significant progress in Asia since posting Michael Birkin out there as a CEO of Omnicom Asia in April. I probably expect that over the next 18 months, Omnicom will be in a strong position in all those markets and certainly as strong as our competitors and consistent with the strength that we showed throughout the rest of the world. 2006 also marked Omnicom’s 20th Anniversary and I expect it to be a strong year. With that I’ll turn things over to Randy.
Randall J. Weisenburger, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President: Thanks John. Let me repeat, 2005 was an excellent year, we are extremely pleased with performance of our agencies both from a financial perspective and the outstanding success they’ve had in gaining market share and further distinguishing themselves in a marketplace through the unparallel level of creativity. As John mentioned as a result, 2005 was a record new business year with net wins of just over 5.5 billion. And with many of those wins coming in the third and the fourth quarters, which hopefully will give us a nice tail win going into 2006. Going to the numbers, revenue in the quarter increased $150 million to 2.94 billion, that was an increase of 5.4%. As a result revenue for the year increased 7.5% to 10.48 billion. Operating income in the quarter was 426.1 million, up 7.9%, with an operating margin of about 14.5% which is a 30 basis point increase over last year. For the year operating income increased 10.2% to 1.339 billion with an operating margin of 12.8% also about 30 basis point improvement over last year. Most of our operating leverage in 2005 came from continuing improvements in the utilization of our infrastructure cost, as well we continue to restore incentive compensation programs, as well as completing the shift away from stock options to more cash based plans. In addition over the course of the year we further increased our investment in our training programs, and as we previously announced we significantly ramped up our investment in developing our business in both China and India. Net interest expense for the quarter was $16.5 million, that’s up from $10 million last year. For the year net interest expense was 59.2 million, up from 36.6 million last year. These increases are primarily the result of having to pay larger suite repayments on a various convert issues as well as year-over-year increases in short-term interest rates. On the tax front, our tax rate for the quarter was 33.7%, that’s up about 10 basis points from last year. For the year our tax rate was 34%, up from 33.6% last year, and our annual rate is being impacted by the high book tax rate related to the divestiture of our business in Australia and New Zealand that occurred in the first quarter. As of the impact of that transaction, our year-to-date rate would have been 33.7%, which at this point looks to be reasonable estimate for 2006. Net income for the quarter increased 6.8% to 252.6 million bringing the full-year net total to 790.7 million, which was an increase of 9.3% over last year. Diluted EPS for the quarter increased 10.2% to $1.41 per share bringing full-year earnings to $4.36 per share or an increase of 12.4%. Analyzing our revenue performance a bit, organic growth was extremely strong in the quarter coming in at 7.6%, and accounted for 213.1 million of our revenue growth. For the year organic growth accelerated to 7.3%, that’s about 70 basis points better than last year, and had accounted for 709.4 million of our total revenue growth. Acquisition revenue was marginally negative at 2.8 million or 0.1% in the quarter. For the full year acquisitions were a net negative 28.8 million or about 3/10th of 1%. As we’ve discussed before and you will hear this a few times throughout this presentation, the negative acquisition growth is due predominantly to the divestiture in the first quarter of our business in Australia and New Zealand. However, during the second half of 2005, acquisition activity picked up a bit, and in Q4 we closed some seven small acquisitions.  Going into 2006, the negative impact of that divestiture will cycle away and the positive impact of new acquisitions will become more impactful. FX had a negative impact in the quarter of 2.1% or about 59.9 million. For the full-year FX was marginally positive, adding 53.3 million to our revenue or one half of 1%. Based on current foreign exchange rates, we would expect the impact of foreign exchange in Q1 to be a negative between 2.5% and 3% and then improving as the year goes on to maybe something like 1.5% to 2% negative in Q2, maybe a 0.5% to 1% negative in Q3, and flat in Q4. Obviously, those estimates are based upon today’s exchange rates continuing, they will obviously change. As for mix of business in the quarter, traditional media advertising accounted for 44.4% of our revenue, and marketing services 55.6%. For the full-year those ratios were 43.8% advertising, and 56.2% marketing services. As per their respective growth rates, traditional media advertising grew 8.6% in the quarter bringing the full-year rate to 9.1%, and marketing services which continue to be driven by the strong performance of our CRM business grew 3% in the quarter and 6.4% for the year. Keeping in mind once again the divestiture in the first quarter was in the CRM category reducing our total growth rates in both the marketing services area and in CRM. Breaking down marketing and services revenues for the quarter, CRM was approximately 35.1% of our revenue, public relations 9.1% and specialty communication 11.4%. As for the respective total growth rates, CRM was up 3.5% in the quarter, 6.8% for the full-year, again this category was negatively impacted by the divestiture. Public relations grew 1.3% in the quarter, 2.1% for the year and specialty communications increased 2.7% in the quarter and 8.9% for the full-year. Our geographic mix of business in the quarter was 53.6% U.S. and 46.4% International. In the United States, the total revenue growth rate in the quarter was 133.6 million or 9.3%, acquisitions added 16.9 million of that growth, and organic growth was very strong totaling 116.7 million. On the international front, revenue increased 16.8 million or 1.2%, acquisition growth was a net negative 19.7 million, organic growth was much improved in the quarter, up 96.4 million, and FX had a positive impact or had a negative impact of 59.9 million. Cash flow, our after-tax free cash flow and our primary uses of cash are presented on pages 7 and 8 of the Investor Presentation. Page 8 is a condense version, that’s pretty much the version I walked through. Our primary source of cash flow is net income, adjusted for basic non-cash charges which were also primarily stock-based compensation charges such as stock option expense and restricted stock amortization, as well as the related tax benefits, and then depreciation and amortization. In addition, we have a fairly significant difference between our book taxes and our cash taxes, this is primarily due to the tax benefits associated with our convertible bonds and the tax deductible goodwill amortization. Working capital is also generally a source of free cash flow, however due to the large swings in these numbers day-to-day internally we generally analyze our cash flow excluding changes in working capital which is the way we’ve presented it on page 8. For the year, our after-tax free cash flow excluding working capital changes and excluding the proceeds from asset sales totaled $1.169 billion and exceeded our net income by some $378 million. With that cash, we have four primary uses, first our CapEx and dividends, our CapEx is generally limited to items like furniture and fixtures, we saw the improvements in basic PCs and servers. For the year, CapEx totaled 162.7 million, and in dividends, our dividend payment totaled $164 million for the year. During the fourth quarter of 2005, our Board declared a $0.25 quarterly dividend, that was an increase in 11.1% over previous quarters of $0.225. Yesterday, our Board also declared a $0.25 quarterly dividend payable on April 6th of 2006 to shareholders of record on March 9th. Our next use of free cash is acquisitions, which for the year totaled $268.6 million, net of proceeds, that $268.6 is net of proceeds received on divestitures. And finally, we use our remaining free cash for buying shares. For the year we repurchased $731.8 million of our stock, we also received 88.1 million of proceeds from option exercises and stock issued under our employee stock purchase plan, bringing the net repurchase amount down to 643.7 million. As a result of those repurchases, we reduced our weighted average diluted share count by about 4.8 million shares, bringing the weighted average total down to 181.8 million for the year. I’ll take our actual share repurchase total for the year was just over 9 million shares. Now on that positive note, John and I will be happy to take any questions.
Questions-and-Answer Sesssion:
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Steven Barlow: Thank you. Randy, could you just give us what the suite repayments were in the fourth quarter, and what you think they might be for 2006, obviously you did need to pay some the other day? Secondly, do you have a forecast of what your organic revenue growth might look like in 2006 based on the 5.5 billion of net new business wins? Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Okay the suite repayments, the suite repayment in Q1 was I think, its 4625 per bond, that was an increase over the suite repayment on that same bond we paid last year. As for interest rates based upon where short-term rates are at right now and based on the suite repayments that we’ve made and how they carry out over the course of the year, which we would expect our net interest expense to go up to in the range of about $100 million for next year from the $60 million this year. As far as forecasting the suite repayments in July, in that $100 million is the forecast if there would be an increase in those payments again it’s largely driven off what happens with short-term interest rates. As for organic growth, in 2006, we really don’t provide forecast, we think the markets right now are steady to improving.
Q – Steven Barlow: Fair enough, thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question then from the line of Jason Helfstein with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Thanks. Can you perhaps talk about the margin target then for ’06, would you expect kind of, this was a good margin quarter for you guys year-over-year, would you expect further margin improvement in ’06 or flat margins? And then just secondly, assuming I did my math right, it look like your aftertax free cash flow that the number you talked about on a per share basis it was like 643 and it increased about 4.5% a year. And I think you guys have said that this was a very good year for you both, the organic revenue growth shows that in the margin improvement. So I guess the question is, if this was, if you deliver 5% free cash flow growth per share on one of your best years, perhaps do you think it make sense to increase the dividend to just payout more capital to shareholders, if its getting harder for you guys to perhaps drive growth through acquisitions? Thanks.
A – John Wren: There was a couple of questions in there, so and I didn’t write down fast enough, so could you...?
Q - Jason Helfstein: Sure, so just first one was about margins, is there, are you prepared to talk about perhaps your’06 margin target, should we expect flat margin, should we expect another improvement in margins? And then so, could you quantify the improvement in margins? And then second, about dividends?
A - John Wren: Okay. We don’t forecast margins but we fully expect margins to improve. The reason that we don’t forecast margins is, one is we don’t forecast anything, but the primary reason is that we want to achieve efficiencies through our operation, controlling our cost and growing our revenues. We don’t want to drive unnatural behavior is down into our companies and since we are so dedicated, we spend so much in say training and development for instance. If we were to set margin targets, the people responsible at lower levels would talk what was it immediately needed, in the quarter or in the year which is contrary to our strategy. So, for that reason we don’t attempt to forecast our margins, because we want them to behave in a fashion that’s consistent with our overall strategy towards quality, because we think quality is going to drive gains in market share and gains in market share going to drive improvement in the company. And so, we are not – it’s very important that margins don’t get forecasted, in terms of running an organization like this, but we fully expect them to improve as we go throughout the year.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay. And then a question on dividends and I think everyone probably usually like to ask you guys what you are seeing in product line budgets. But my dividend question was just that, this is a very good year for you guys and on a per share basis your free cash flow grew about 5%. So, perhaps would you think about, perhaps increasing your dividend, is that something you guys thought about, a higher yield and perhaps like one and you know 1% or so where it is today?
A - John Wren: Well, I think Randy outlined what we use our free cash flow for. And I think if you really go back and examine the last 3 to 4 years, we did precious little in the way of acquisitions. We have a focus on the 30 odd business platforms that we have, with the silly money that was out there in the past 18 months from, investment people who were willing to pay almost anything to get into the area, it seems to be on the vein, and these targets are becoming more realistic in terms of what our willingness to pay for that as -- as we go through the year, and we examine what we are doing, we think that we struck a pretty good balance between repurchase of shares, acquisitions and what we wanted to pay for them, and our board, the decision to increase our dividend which we did do during the year is a decision from our Board of Directors which they periodically look at.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay, so basically – so in that your answer, you were saying that you were seeing less competition for acquisition targets, perhaps that will be a great use of free cash flow in ’06?
A - John Wren: Yes.
A - Randall Weisenburger: We expect the acquisition activity to continue to pick up, it picked up a bit in ‘Q4 as well. Your analysis, your cash flow analysis also – there are couple of anomalies in it that are probably worth mentioning, I mentioned in my opening that we’ve shifted a lot of our compensation programs away from stock and option-based expense to more cash-based expense. You can see the cash flow forecasted the reduction in the stock-based compensation. The second fact in there is depreciation and amortization, is those year-over-year numbers are about flat as is our CapEx, as our business grows we’ve been shifting our investments to more lease-based programs, we’re leasing more of our computers and software, we obviously lease our office space in those sorts of things. So, it has a little bit of an impact on some of those cash flow numbers, I think our cash flow has really grown much more inline with our net income growth.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Okay, and last one, I apologize for being so long, just John do you have a comment as far as, you are seeing for client budgets for ’06 compared to ’05?
A - John Wren: With the exception of the auto industry, I see a fair amount of bullishness in – from what we’ve talked about with our clients. And it’s really the total marketing budget which is not simply advertising, it’s both marketing services and advertising. And we are extremely well positioned in the advertising agencies where we have, they all have terrific leadership, they all win everything in terms of peer review and we think that we will continue to gain market share in that area. And then marketing services which are really undefined, we are extraordinarily well positioned to take advantage of shifts in budgets and shifts in spending, especially as we get into things like the Internet and things that – we’ll be doing more in that area in the second quarter as well. And I would think that most of our acquisition dollars this year are going to go regionally to Asia and specifically to supporting CRM and Internet related type of investments which have a more proven ROI and are more reflective of, I think our clients are thinking moving forward.
Q - Jason Helfstein: Thank you.
A - John Wren: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question then from the line of Alexia Quadrani with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Q - Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. John, if you could expand a bit on your comments on the auto category in terms of you’re saying that the budgets and how they look, I guess both domestically and internationally? And then my second question would be if you could ballpark maybe the amount of revenue of those marketing, as most of your marketing services coming from Internet related advertising market, and maybe talk about the growth you’re seeing there and what type of competition you face? And then just lastly if you could maybe touch on the public relations segment, and if you expect it to see a pick-up in 2006 in that area?
A – John Wren: Okay, so the three questions, the first one being…
A - Randall Weisenburger: Auto.
A – John Wren: Auto, the auto industry especially the domestic auto players are suffering and they are making reductions within their own companies. And we are also making some staff reductions in those areas. The interesting thing about that is we are not, even if you read I guess Ad Age yesterday talked about the anticipated thoughts in one of our Detroit offices, we have been in the suite for the switch, we’ve got a program in place for over a 6 months where we haven’t been filling new jobs, so a number of the cuts that make headlines aren’t real people, their open positions that we’ve anticipated because, the struggles of the auto industry haven’t – they are not surprising us. So, they are continuing to do what they have to do to adjust their business, and as good partners we are adjusting with them. If you take our largest client Daimler Chrysler, we’ve been with them since 1926. And so that’s whatever that is, 80 years, and we’ve had a great years and we’ve had some tough years and we can well absorb being a great partner with them as we move though this process. In terms of international, some of the Japanese companies are facing different challenges, they are growing, so it depends on who you’re talking about within the auto sector. But domestically it certainly more challenged than outside of it. In terms of the Internet related, let see that everywhere, we have embedded in just about everyone of our operations on Internet component and we haven’t try to segregate that because it is part of the integrated solution in spending our clients’ money wisely, where we are looking at for later on in the years aggregating our purchasing power, just from a pure buying point of view and those discussions are internally happening because I think if we’re able to aggregate we’ll demonstrate that we buy a good share of what’s spent in the Internet and we have, we’re well positioned to make investments to even grow that further and faster, but its embedded in everyone of our units, when you look to the specialty companies that are in that area, if you look at the last Forrester report, it ranked only 14 which is the big shift since 2001, specialty internet companies and I think we either own, I think we own 5 of those 14 including the top rated ones, and one of the 14 was an investments of ours, so our investors in 1996 have really paid out very well for us and we’re very well positioned both on an integrated basis and on a specialty basis to move with our clients’ requirements in this area. And your third question was public relations.
Q - Alexia Quadrani: Yeah.
A – John Wren: Probably, Randy is up a little bit on this one. They were up against pretty tough comps, in 2004. And certain new, some PR aspects generate a lot of money when there is new product launches as opposed to in advance of that, and there is no specific reason or a specific company in our portfolio that I am troubled with, we’re just, we are working through the growth issues, but there were tough year-over-year comps in that area especially in the fourth quarter.
A - Randall Weisenburger: And the quarter has been kind of up and down over the course of the last year or two, I do expect that the category will continue to improve from the fourth quarter levels as we go through next year.
Q - Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
A – John Wren: You are welcome.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question then from the line of Lauren Fine with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Q - Lauren Fine: Great, thank you, just a few quick questions. John, your comments about BBDO in Detroit, should I take that that the headcount reduction won’t result in higher than average severance in the first quarter? And then I have some follow-up.
A - John Wren: We are not expecting higher than average severance in the first quarter.
Q - Lauren Fine: Okay. And then Randy, I think, if you could quantify what the impacts of FX have been on actual EPS in the fourth quarter?
A - Randall Weisenburger: I don’t know off the top of my head. If you give me a couple of minutes I’ll see what I can do and we can go on to other questions, and we’ll try to --
Q - Lauren Fine: All right, (indiscernible) one more than on this call, John, I am not sure in your prepared remarks Q1 and there is much details one might have like on which country has actually started to perform better in the fourth quarter, I heard which ones were still negative. And then as you look at 2006, recognizing you don’t want to provide a forecast of organic revenue growth, where would you expect to see either stabilization improvement or deterioration in trends around the world?
A - John Wren: Specifically, the areas that we’ve talked about in the last, I guess 12 to 16 months was weakness in growth in the Euro countries and we saw a turnaround in, and that was primarily where we saw the softness over the last 16 months. We saw a positive turn on year-over-year comparisons of growth, not to the level of the U.S. or Asia Lauren, but certainly a positive trend. And what I do mentioned was this year in many of those markets, England and France, we had to re-pitch some of our largest clients and our teams which are primarily lead by women who are incredibly confident and have done their extraordinary job in some of our larger units in Western Europe, just a heck of a job in retaining those clients. And so, if the trends continue in England, Germany some of our bigger countries, France, I am positive that for the first time they are going to start to contribute to our overall growth. I see Asia continuing to expand especially over the next 2 years, we don’t have some of the acquisitions were planned, finished, and announced in the fourth quarter of this year, but we’re in the process of cleaning up due diligence on some of those or you will see some moves. If not in the first quarter probably right before we get, around the time, we get to make to the conference call for the first quarter. So, I am pretty bullish, the South America continues to be strong and the U.S. for us continues to be strong with the one exception of, the auto industry which I talked a little bit about, I don’t know if that was responsive or.
Q - Lauren Fine: No, that was actually very helpful, and I guess just one last question on new business. Are you seeing any particular changes in the competitive landscape, it looks like maybe some of, public agencies are showing up more on fixtures and, there was always some hard issue in the industry with one agency, but in general are things changing in terms of the competitive tenure of new business?
A - John Wren: No, not really, I think that we are getting recognition that we have the best quality agencies and so, and we are getting more integrated everyday, but legitimately integrated in terms of bringing advertising, we’ll remain I believe at the core of – of where client spend a lion’s share of their money, but more and more money is getting diverted to measurable ROI type of activities, the internet, CRM and those things. And there has been a great effort which we can demonstrate now very clearly with case studies where we’ve been able to do that and it’s really an accomplishment which stood 20 years but one that is moving forward very rapidly. And that makes us, when you have quality across the board where you have these three strongest agencies, and they are all very, very strong and then you have outstanding national agencies, that gives us even though there is an Omnicom and there is three other competitors which for – for financial purposes we look at, when you get one level beneath that, when you look at the quality of our holdings and, how many quality holdings I can put up against the client versus some of our competitors, I think that’s adding and benefiting us quite a bit.
Q - Lauren Fine: Great, thank you.
A - Randall Weisenburger: To answer your question on CapEx impact in Q4, it was between two with the isolating that as if it was, the only factors between $0.02 and $0.03 per share.
Q - Lauren Fine: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question then from the line of Debra Schwartz with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Q - Debra Schwartz: Hi thanks, I was wondering if you could tell us what you’re seeing for the Olympics and what you’ve expected to add to Q1 growth?
A – John Wren: Historically, I think we’ve done pretty consistent with this for years, we don’t expect the Olympics to, change revenue growth, revenues significantly, it’s just not a, it’s not going to move the needle dramatically for us.
A - Randall Weisenburger: I think in total, you had the Olympics, and then later on the year Euro and the World Cup, this is a good year with a lot of activity but clients do spend more in the ones to support those events, but in many cases its reallocation of budget. And, as oppose to a dramatic increase simply for those events.
Q - Debra Schwartz: Okay, thanks and then I was also wondering if you could comment on what you are seeing in India, what’s your strategy is there and what type of growth do you saw in 2005?
A - Randall Weisenburger: India we’re in the process of making several acquisitions and, it’s probably not our strongest market.
A – John Wren: India for us is a very small market, so well we may have substantial growth in it in 2006 on a percentage basis, yeah it’s a pretty small market for us with several of our networks having affiliates in the market as opposed to consolidated subs as well. So if I don’t suspect, the growth in India well again it maybe substantial on a relative basis, I don’t believe - it’s not going to be a major driver to our performance in 2006.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Now, that’s why I gave myself 18 months to get us up to our punching strength in the way they were moving and the clients that we’re winning, and I believe we’ll continue to win and we’re expecting that to grow and we’ll wind-up in a much stronger position as we continue to focus on that geographic area, because we’ve deployed the assets and we’re investing the money in the management out there that are completely and totally focused on that region.
Q - Debra Schwartz: Okay. So, then within the break market where is you biggest focus?
A - Randall Weisenburger: I would say China. It’s probably at the moment the largest market, but you have Korea where we have a very strong position and we’re making additional investments and Russia, India.
A – John Wren: And don’t get strong, the growth in India was quite strong, it was probably 15% plus for the year. Several of our agencies positioned there is through affiliates, so the revenues are not consolidated, so while they are positioned from serving the client perspective is covered, it’s not tremendously impactful on overall revenues, but that again is something that we intend to focus on and change overtime.
A - Randall Weisenburger: But not to give you the wrong impression, we think we can achieve our objectives of growth without being held hostage. We have always been extraordinarily disciplined in terms of what we’re going to pay for anything in any market and that’s not going to change irrespective of our objectives.
Q - Debra Schwartz: Great, thank you.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we do have a question then from the line of Paul Ginocchio with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Q - Paul Ginocchio: Yeah thank you. Just a couple of quick questions on, could you just talk about in the fourth quarter where lows in Banc of America, in there for the full quarter and if they weren’t how many months were they in there? Second, can you just talk about the search business and you made an acquisition in the fourth quarter, can you talk about the percentage of your clients that you are doing search for, and where your agency a record have been also sort of a follow-on from that percentage of your clients were they have a different digital agency of record, then agency of record and what the trends are related to that. And finally, I think you gave incentive comp a year ago, could you just give that update us for this year as well? Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Again I am…
A – John Wren: We can’t write as fast…..
A - Randall Weisenburger: Well, well one of our guys can, I think you asked about lows I’m certain there wasn’t much if anything in the fourth quarter. Anyway I think we had one month of revenues in the fourth quarter that. In terms of search we are talking about our acquisition, I don’t know, it’s a small company, we bought it to expand it but we are, we are going across, we don’t have the information as I said on the call.
A – Randall Weisenburger: But in the – I mean the number of clients that we have, that we are agency of record in for search, though on a percentage to our total client is, very small which is, gives us a lot of potential in some of these acquisitions, some of the reasons why we do them and some of the reasons why people want to join the Omnicom group is to really have better access to penetrate in that client base.
Q - Paul Ginocchio: Some clear on that, so you are not doing search for many of your clients?
A - John Wren: Well we have 5000 clients. So when Randy says percentages they, they cover the globe, its not a - the answer to the question is we don’t – we don’t know, because we haven’t tried to capture that data. What we are doing in search is we are making investments, we are learning, we are making decisions as to whether make additional investments or – acquisitions and or to invest money in some of our existing assets and data centers and to enhance our capabilities and that’s a process we are going through in the first quarter right now, and we don’t get that granular in terms of the detail information. So I couldn’t give you an honest answer because we haven’t asked our people to provide us that level of information.
A - Randall Weisenburger: And cash compensation, cash incentive compensation year-over-year was up about 12% or 13%.
Q - Paul Ginocchio: Randy if I could, just a follow-up on the sort of digital, what are the trends you are seeing with sort of digital versus – is there still people bringing out digital agency records or they bringing it more? And also now you’ve integrated most of your digital agencies, is that what your clients are doing as well within the overall medium mix? Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: From what I can gather its mixed, clients will –some clients will name agency, digital agencies of record depending upon, what their programs are, sometimes that will be the same as their agency of record, sometimes its not.
A - John Wren: And, these trends are moving very rapidly, I mean you are going to within a relatively short period of time you are going to see them, I think the merger of TV and the net and things that are produced for specific companies and we are well engaged in that strategy of people looking at it all the time, and our style has been to make investments under gauss in areas that are – of interest to us, learn to figure out how it applies to our clients and where we can deploy it, and once we have decided that we’ve learned sufficiently then we get aggressive in terms of building out more of those assets either through building them and making investments, which run through our P&L or acquisitions if they are available.
A - Randall Weisenburger: And we try to set ourselves up, the way the clients hope to buy the services. Not every client is organized the same way, so we certainly don’t try to limit ourselves in thinking that there is only one way to go about doing it.
Q - Paul Ginocchio: Okay thanks very much.
A - Randall Weisenburger: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question out from the line of Troy Mastin with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Q – Troy Mastin: Thank you. Wanted to dig in a little bit to the marketing services growth over the last couple of quarters, I know you’ve got divestiture in Australia, New Zealand and tougher compares in Public Relations, but I suspect that marketing services still may have grown a bit more slowly than advertising over the last couple of quarters, is that true? Does this surprise you at all, and could you give us some insight as to why this may be happening if its temporary and the outlook for the relative growth rates between marketing services and advertising going forward?
A - John Wren: Well I think our advertising is market share driven. Number one, we are winning, we are winning quite a number of new businesses, I am not quite certain, it comes in as a new business win, because the advertising agencies led it and as you get through the contracts and actual experience and then the media planning function, some of these dollars get diverted to marketing services based upon what the clients trying to accomplish, we’ve – we continue to grow at a very strong pace given the marketplace and given the fact that we haven’t done acquisitions to speak up. Randy mentioned that we spent $200 million in acquisitions but only 78 million was spent on new acquisitions, the balance of that money was spent on paying earn-out payments. So that piece is going to pick up and since we have the best advertising companies in the world, I don’t expect us to be spending a lot of money on advertising, through our advertising companies. I expect us to be making investments in CRM and in internet related operations. You know going back to an earlier question, some of the leading companies, when you look at mobile applications for the internet are based in Korea, they are not based in the United States, they are based outside of the United States. Recently China which, it doesn’t allow people to vote have the show, which is similar to American Idol where I think something like a 110 million Chinese use their cell phones to vote for the first time. That has – that’s very interesting from an advertising and marketing point of view, it’s extraordinarily interesting, but it’s also probably interesting from a political point of view as you move forward. So there are different strategies being deployed differently, if you look at the use of ITV you have to really go to Scandinavia, you look at some of the internet voice applications, they are being created in places like Estonia. So, the world is really a terribly interesting place and these technologies are being deployed differently in different markets, and in some cases the U.S. is slower than many parts of the rest of the world. But that’s why you will see us making investments; those are the things we are interested in because those are the things are, we believe our clients are going to be most interested in over the next 3 to 5 years.
A - Randall Weisenburger: We’re also seeing a little bit of shift in our reporting of numbers, as John mentioned we are consolidating a lot it that internet media buying and planning which is – it was probably coming out of our standalone media – of standalone internet agencies, and not getting reported or picked up through an OMG, so it would show up as traditional media advertising. We also have a lot of our internet activities are really spread around all of our agencies where we have strong in-house Ethernets in each of those. The reporting of those revenues if its internet based, but its advertising oriented, it would probably show up as advertising versus CRM, whereas before when those revenues were more standalone, they would have been more on the CRM category. Our media business is also doing quite well, OMG which is, combination of OMD and PHD, we’re making some very significant strides and they were also been several acquisitions in that space over the last couple of years that are, that are really taking off.
Q – Troy Mastin: And then maybe a quick follow-up are you – is it fair to say right now you are suffering a double hit on your P&L from stock compensation expense due to options issued in your shift to cash comp, which would be recognized in the current period or am I thinking about that the wrong way, if that is true, any idea how meaningful this would be and how long it persists?
A - Randall Weisenburger: Well we are early in expensing options. So compare – when you try to do comparisons to others in our category I think that’s something is an anomaly but…
A – John Wren: But I don’t think its a double hit on a year-over-year basis, I think we are shifting the compensation expense from options to more cash based, which has an impact on a cash flow statements, I don’t think it has a year-over-year impact on the P&L itself.
A - Randall Weisenburger: I think we have time for one more call, we are getting pretty close to market opening.
Operator: Very good. And the last question then will come from the line William Bird with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Q - William Bird: Yeah I am just wondering if could clarify on the international, do you think the pick up is sustainable? Thanks.
A - Randall Weisenburger: We need an economist.
A – John Wren: Right, if there are no more Danish cartoons, Asia or South America I think, yes. Western Europe, I – prior to 5:30 this morning I would have said yes for certain, and then I saw someone coming across and saying that first quarter growth in France is 6/10th of a percent. We are really going to be impacted in Western Europe on their GDP growth and the quality of our assets, but last year in Europe – Western Europe the non-Euro countries, we spent a lot of time, we are pitching and maintaining our client base as oppose to what we have done in the United States where we go and face with the many of those challenges, we’re going out and getting new business, I am on my way this evening to Europe to just, you know on, on a new business, a very significant new business related activity so, so we see growth. But we don’t have a crystal ball.
A - Randall Weisenburger: And we are certainly hopeful that the pick up in the fourth quarter in Europe continues, there are some pretty good tail wins, and then I think the World Cup is coming up this year, so that should be a positive, the Olympics I guess in Italy, we don’t really think the Olympics make a significant difference in our, say our global revenues it may, change Europe a little bit. So, I guess we are optimistic at this point but not trying to be economist.
Q - William Bird: Thanks.
John D. Wren, Chief Executive Officer, President: Thank you all very much. We are getting pretty close to 9:30, so we are going to call it off. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our call.
Operator: Great, thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T’s executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.
